

===== page 1 =====


===== page 2 =====
Alpha FMC Midco 2 Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Contents .

Company information
Directors’ report : : :

Statement of directors’ responsibilities in respect of the: Directors’ report and the financial statements
Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha FMC Midco 2 Limited

Profit and loss account : "
Balance sheet : : :
Statement of changes in equity 7

Notes

Cara wn



===== page 3 =====
Alpha FMC Midco 2 Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Company Information

Directors ENB Fraser
JC Paton
el

Company number 09963816 | -

Registered office 60 Gresham Street’
London
EC2V 7BB

Auditor KPMG LLP .
StNictiolas House. i +.»
+31 Park Row
Nottingham
NGI 6FQ .

Page |



===== page 4 =====
7 Alpha FMC Midco 2 Limited
oan Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Directors’ report

The Directors present their report and the audited financial stateménts for the year ended 31 March 2020 (FY20').

‘The principal activity of the Company is that of a holding company.

Results and dividend

‘The results for the year ate set cut inthe attached profit sind los. accdunt,
‘An interim dividend payment totaling £6,909,000 was made to thd Company’ so shareholder, Alpha FMC Midco Limited (FY 19: 20,909,000), to
facilitate the payment of the Group” dividend made by the Company/s ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple, to its shareholders. This,
dividend was facilitated by the receipt in the year of a dividend totalling £6,909;000 from the Company's directly owned subsidiary, Alpha FMC Bidco
Limited. The Directors have not recommended the payment of a final dividend (FY 19: fail).

Directors

The Directors who held office during the year were as follows:
ENB Fraser 7 .
JC Paton . g

Political contributions

‘The Company made no political donations or incurred any political expenditure during the year.
Disclosure of information to auditor :

‘The Directors who held office at the date of approval of this Direttors” report confirm that, so far as they are each aware, there is no relevant audit
information of which the Company's auditor is unaware; and each Director has taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as a Director to make
themselves aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the Company's auditor is aware of that information.

Auditor :
Pursuant to Section 487 of the Companies Act 2006, the auditor will be deemed to Be reappointed and KPMG LLP will therefore continue in office.

By ordef of the Board.

4 December 2020

"PY 20 isthe financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2020. By comparison, FY 19 is the previous financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2019.
? Group refers to the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ple and its subsidiaries.

Page 2



===== page 5 =====
Alpha FMC Mido 2 Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the Directors’ report and the financial
statements

The Directors are responsible for preparing the Directors’ Report and the financial statements in accordance with applicable law and regulations.
Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year...Under that law they have elected to prepare the financial
statements in accordance with UK accounting standards and applicable law (UK Genérally Accepted Accounting Practice), including FRS 101
Reduced Disclosure Framework.
Under company law the Directors must not approve the firiancial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of
affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for that period. In preparing these financial statements, the Directors are required to:

* select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;

‘+ make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

+ assess the Company's ability to continue as a going concer, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concem; and

+ use the going concem basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations or have no realistic

alternative but to do so.

‘The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the Company’s transactions and disclose
with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the
‘Companies Act 2006. They are responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements
that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have general responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to
them to safeguard the assets of the Company and to prevent and detect fraiid and other irregularities.

” Page 3


===== page 6 =====
von ‘Alpha FMC Midco 2 Limited
: Annual report ané financial statements
31 March 2020

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha FMC Midco 2 Limited

Opinion
We have audited the financial statements of Alpha FMC Midco 2 Limited (“the Company”) for the year ended 31 March 2020 which comprise the
balance sheet, profit and loss account and statement of changes in equity and related notes, including the accounting policies in note 1.
In our opinion the financial statements:
* give a true and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs as dt 31 March 2020 and of its profit for the year then ended;
+ have been properly prepared in accordance with UK accounting standards, including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework; and
* have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion :

‘We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and applicable law. Our responsibilities are
described below. We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and are independent of the Company in accordance with, UK ethical
requirements including the FRC Ethical Standard. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis for our
opinion.

Going concern

‘The Directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concem basis as they do not intend to liquidate the Company or to cease its
operations, and as they have concluded that the Company's financial position means that this is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no
‘material uncertainties that could have cast significant doubt over its ability to continue as a going concem for at least a year from the date of approval of
the financial statements (“the going concem period”). .

We are required to report to you if we have concluded that the use of the going coricem basis of accounting is inappropriate or there is an undisclosed
‘material uncertainty that may cast significant doubt over the use of that basis for a period of atleast a year from the date of approval ofthe financial
statements. In our evaluation of the Directors’ conclusions, we considered the inherent risks to the Company's business model and analysed how those
risks might ffs the Company's financial esourss or ability to continue operations over the going concem period. We have nothing toreprt in these
respects.

However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in outcomes that are inconsistent with judgements
that were reasonable at the time they were made, the absence of reference to a material uncertainty in this auditor's report is not a guarantee that the
Company will continue in operation.

Directors’ report

‘The Directors are responsible for the Directors’ report. Our opinioi i the financial statements does not cover that report and we donot express an
audit opinion thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the Directors’ report and, in doing so, consider whether, based on our financial statements audit work, the information
therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with the financial statements or our audit knowledge. Based solely on that work:

* we have not identified material misstatements in the Directors’ report;

* in our opinion the information given in those reports for the financial year is consistent with the financial statements; and

* in our opinion those reports have been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception

Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you'ifin our opinion:

«+ adequate accounting records have not been kept, or retums adequate for our audit have not been received from branches not visited by us;
or

* the financial statements are not in agreement with the acsounting records and retums; or
* certain disclosures of Directors’ remuneratioi specified by law are no: made; or
‘* we have not received all the information and explan:tions we requi

or our audit.

‘We have nothing to report in these respects.

Directors’ responsibilities ,

‘As explained more fully in their statement set out on page 3, the Directors are responsible for: the preparation of the financial statements and for being
satisfied that they give a true and fair view; such internal control as they determine ig necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a going concem, disclosing, as
applicable, matters related to going concem; and using the going concem basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company orto
‘cease operations, or have no realistic altemative but to do so.

Auditor's responsibilities

‘Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to
fraud or error, and to issue our opinion in an auditor's report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but does not guarantee that an audit
conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material inisstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expécted to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis.
of the financial statements.

A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC’s website at www. fre.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities.

Page 4


===== page 7 =====
Alpha FMC Midco 2 Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha FMC Midco 2 Limited (continued)

‘The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities

‘This report is made solely to the Company's members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006. Our audit work
hhas been undertaken so that we might state to the Company's members those matters We are required to state to them in an auditor's report and for 0
other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the Company's
members, as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Craig Parkin (Senior Statutory Auditor)

for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
Chartered Accountants

‘St Nicholas House

31 Park Row

Nottingham

NG1 6FQ

_ADecember 2020

PageS


===== page 8 =====
Alpha FMC Midco 2 Limited

‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020
Profit & loss account
‘for the year ended 31 March 2020
FY20 FY19
£000 £000
Administrative expenses ‘ - -
Operating profit . : : - -
Income from shares in Group undertakings 15 ‘ i 6,909 20,909
Profit before taxation 6909 20,909
Texation 6 : : Le
Profit for the financial year : 6909 20,909

In both the current and preceding year, the Company made no material acquisitions and had no discontinued operations.

‘There were no recognised gains or losses in either the current or preceding year other than those disclosed in the profit and loss account, and therefore
no separate statement of other comprehensive income has been presenited.

Page 6


===== page 9 =====
i Alpha FMC Midco 2 Limited
‘ to, Annital report and financial statements

31 March 2020
Balance sheet
As at 31 March 2020
: ‘ Asat Ast
Note [31 March 2020 31 March 2019
"£000 £000 £000 £000
Non-current assets a
Investments . 7. . 20 20
Amounts owed by Group undertakings . oe 91363 -
91,383 20
Current assets : : :
Debtors _ 8 : 84,454
84,454
Current liabilities : 5
Creditors: amounts falling due within one year 9 (91,363) + (84,454)
® (91,363) (84,454)
Net current assets . : - 61,363) -
Net assets : 20 20
Capital and reserves
Called up share capital 10 . 20, 20
Profit and loss account : -
Shareholders’ funds 20 20

‘The notes on pages 9-15 form part o financial statements. These financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of
Directorg on 4 December 2020. The signed on its behalf by:

John|C Paton
Direct

‘Company registered number: 09963816. ‘ 7

Page7


===== page 10 =====
Alpha FMC Midco 2 Limited
‘ ‘Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2020
Statement of changes in equity
‘Called up Total
. . share Profitand Shareholders’
. capital loss account funds
mo £000 £000 £000
Asat 1 April 2018 20 - 20
Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit for the period : - 20,909 20,909
Transactions with owners
Dividends - (20,909) (20,909)
Balance at31 March 2019 . 20 - 20
Asat 1 April 2019 20 - 20
Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit for the period - 6,909 6,909
‘
‘Transactions with owners
Dividends : (6,909) (6,909)
Balance at 31 March 2020 20 - 20

Page 8


===== page 11 =====
Alpha FMC Midco 2 Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2020
Notes
(forming part of the financial statements)
1 Accounting policies

‘Alpha FMC Midco 2 Limited (the “Company”) is a Company limited by shares, domiciled and registered in the UK. The registered number is
(09963816 and the registered address is 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB.
‘These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework (“FRS 101”),

‘The Company is exempt by virtue of Section 400 of the Companies Act 2006 from the requirement to prepare Group financial statements. These
financial statements present information about the Company as an individual and not about its Group. Further, in accordance with Section 414A(2) of
the Companies Act 2006, the Company has taken the small company exemption from the requirement to prepare a strategic report.

In preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement and disclosure requirements of International Financial
Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU (“Adopted IFRSs”), but makes amendments where necessary in order to comply with Companies Act 2006
and has set out below where advantage of the FRS 101 disclosure exemptions has been taken.

‘The Company's parent undertaking, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, includes the Company in its consolidated financial statements. The
consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc are available to the public and may be obtained from 60 Gresham Street,
London, EC2V 7BB, or the website investors.alphafinc.com.
In these financial statements, the Company has applied the exemptions available under FRS 101 in respect of the following disclosures:

* A cash flow statement and related notes;

+ comparative period reconciliations for share capital, tangible fixed assets, intangible assets and investment properties;

* disclosures in respect of transactions with wholly owned subsidiaries;

* disclosures in respect of capital management;

* the effects of new but not yet effective IFRSs;

* disclosures in respect ofthe compensation of Key ManagemertPersonel and

* disclosures of wansacons with a management entity that provides key management personnel services tothe Company
As the consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple inélude the equivalent disclosures, the Company has also taken the
exemptions under FRS 101 available in respect of the following disclosures:

« IFRS 2 Share Based Payments in respect of group settled share based payments; and

+ Certain disclosures required by IFRS 16 Leases in relation to disclosure of the Company's leasing activities.

+ Certain disclosures required by IFRS 3 Business Combinations in respect of business combinations undertaken by the Company.

‘The accounting policies set out below have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods presented in these financial statements.

‘There ae no judgements made by the Director inte application ofthese accountng policies that have significant effect on the financial statements
‘and estimates with a significant risk of material adjustment in the next year.

Ld Measurement convention i

‘The financial statements are prepared on the historical cost basis.

12 Going concern

Notwithstanding net current liabilities of £91,363,000 as at 31 March 2020 the financial statements have been prepared on a going concem basis which
the Directors consider to be appropriate for the following reasons.

‘The Directors have prepared cash flow forecasts for a period of 12 months from the date of approval of these financial statements which indicate that,
taking account of reasonably possible downsides, the Company will have sufficient funds, to meet its liabilities as they fall due for that period.

‘Those forecasts are dependent on the Company's ultimate parent company, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc not seeking repayment of the
amounts currently due to the other companies controlled by the Group, which at 31 March 2020 amounted to £91,363,000. Alpha Financial Markets
Consulting Ple has indicated that it does not intend to seek repayment of these amounts for the period covered by the forecasts. As with any company
placing reliance on other Group entities for financial support, the Directors acknowledge that there can be no certainty that this support will continue
although, at the date of approval of these financial statements, they have no reason to believe that it will not do so.

Consequently, the Directors are confident that the Company will have sufficient funds to continue to meet its liabilities as they fall due for at least 12
months from the date of approval of the financial statements and therefore have prepared the financial statements on a going concem basis.

Impact of COVID-19

‘The Directors note that the World Health Organisation declared a pandemic relating to COVID-19 on 11 March 2020, and social distancing measures
‘were introduced in the UK during March 2020. Therefore, the Directors have considered the significance of the economic ramifications of the virus,
before the end of the Company's financial year and its potential effect on the financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2020. In particular, the
Directors have assessed the impact of incorporating additional COVID-19 risk factors in applying downside sensitivities in the going concer
assessment over a period of 12 months after the signing of these financial statements. The Directors have also considered the impact of the pandemic on
the expected credit loss calculation on the Company's intercompany receivables.

‘The Company is assessed to have sufficient financial resources to continue in operation for at least 12 months on the basis that other Group entities do
not demand repayment of the Companys intercompany loans as disclosed above. The Company also has access to additional funding through other
Group entities, via the Groups revolving credit facility and the strength of the Group's cash position at 31 March 2020. Accordingly, the Directors have
adopted the going concem basis in preparing these financial statements.

Page 9


===== page 12 =====
Alpha FMC Midco 2 Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020,

Notes (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)

13 Foreign currency

‘Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the Company's functional currencies at the foreign exchange rate ruling at the date of the
transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the balance sheet date are retranslated to the functional currency at the
foreign exchange rate ruling at that date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are
translated using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction, Non-titonetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are stated at
fair value are retranslated to the functional currency at foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates the fair value was determined. Foreign exchange
differences arising on translation are recognised in the profit and loss.

14 Financial instruments

‘The Company uses financial instruments comprising cash and cash equivalents, preference shares, loan notes and other short-term instruments, such as
trade payables that arise from its operations. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to fund the Group’s business strategy and working,
capital requirements, ;

Accounting policies in respect of financial instruments are outlined below.

Financial assets

Financial assets are initially measured at fair value plus or minus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction,
costs. The Company hes not reclassified any financial assets subsequent to initial recognition as at the balance sheet date. Reclassification of classes of
financial assets is accounted for prospectively in accordance with IFRS 9, where this is required. Any difference on reclassification from amortised cost
to fair value through profit or loss is recognised in the profit and loss at the reclassification date.

Financial assets are assessed at each reporting date to determine a lifetime expected credit loss that reflects the credit risk associated with the portfolio
of assets. A financial asset is impaired in line with the simplified approach under IFRS 9 which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance.

‘An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured at amortised cost is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the present
value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the asset’s original effective interest rate, For financial instruments measured at cost less
impairment, impairment is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the best estimate of the amount that the Company would
receive for the asset if it were to be sold at the reporting date. Interest on the impairment asset continues to be recognised through the unwinding of the
discount. Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. When a subsequent event causes the amount of the impairment to decrease, the decrease in
impairment loss is reversed through statement of comprehensive income.

Amounts owed by Group undertakings : :
Amounts owed by group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less provision for impairment.
A provision for impairment of intercompany receivables is established using an expected credit loss model. The Group classifies all intercompany
receivables that form a part of the normal trading cycle of the Group as current, as well as non-trading balances where the counterparty has sufficient
resources to settle the balance within a twelve month period from the balance sheet date. All other amounts owed by Group undertakings are considered
as non-current assets. This represents a change in accounting policy in the year. All balances were considered current in the comparative period.

Financial liabilities

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities designated upon initial
recognition as at fair value through profit or loss. Financial jes aré classified as held for trading if they are acquired for the purpose of selling,
the near term. This category includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Company that are not designated as hedging instruments id
hedge relationships as defined by IFRS 9, As at 31 March 2020, the Company had no such financial isiltes.

Other financial liabilities held by the Group are recogniséd at amortised cost. .

Amounts owed to Group undertakings ata
‘Amounts owed by group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortsed cost.

Other creditors . ‘

Other creditors are recognised initially at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition they are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
‘method,

Investments in subsidiaries

Investments in subsidiaries are carried at cost less impairment.

LS Impairment

Financial assets (excluding trade and other debtors) :

A financial asset not carried at fair value through profit or oss is assessed at each reporting date to determine whether there is objective evidence that it
is impaired. A financial asset is impaired if objective evidence indicates that a loss event has occurred after the initial recognition of the asset, and that
the loss event had a negative effect on the estimated future cash flows of thet asset that can be estimated reliably.

‘An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured at amortised cost is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the present
value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the asset’s originel effective interest rate. For financial instruments measured at cost less
impairment an impairment is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the best estimate of the amount that the Company would
receive for the asset if it were to be sold at the reporting date. Interest or the impaired asset continues to be recognised through the unwinding of the
discount. When a subsequent event causes the amount of impairment loss to decrease, the decrease in impairment loss is reversed through profit or loss.

Page 10


===== page 13 =====
Alpha FMC Midco 2 Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Notes (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)

1S Impairment (continued)

Non-financial assets
‘The carrying amounts of the entity’s non-financial assets, other than deferred tax asseis, are reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether there
is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the assets’ recoverable amount is estimated. The recoverable amount of an asset or
ccash-generating unit is the grester of its value in use and its fair value, less costs to sell. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are
discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific
to the asset.

For the purposes of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates
independent cash inflows (the “cash-generating unit”); that is, cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of
other assets or groups of assets. : .

‘An impairment loss is recognised ifthe carrying amount of an asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable amount. Impairment losses are
recognised in profit or loss. Impairment losses recognised in respect of CGUs are allocated fist to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated
to the units and, then, to reduce the carrying amounts of other assets in the, unit (or group of units) on a pro-rata basis.

‘An impairment loss is reversed if and only ifthe reasons for the impairment have ceased to apply.

Impairment losses recognised in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indication that the loss has decreased or no longer exists. An
impairment loss is only reversed to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined,
net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

16 Provisions

A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which the Compsiny pays fixed contributions into a separate entity and will have
no legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts. Obligations for contributions to defined contribution pension plans are recognised as an,
expense in the profit and loss account in the periods duririg which services'are tendered by employees.-

417 Taxation

Tax on the profit or loss for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the profit and loss account except to the extent that it
relates to items recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive income, in which case itis recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive
income. :

Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the
balance sheet date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

Deferred tax is provided using the belance sheet liability method, providing for temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. The amount of deferred tax provided is based on the expected
‘manner of realisation or settlement of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet
date, :

‘The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient
taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there isa legally
enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities, and wheri they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority
and the Company intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

18 New accounting standards and interpretations
The Intemational Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) have issued the following standards and
interpretations which are now effective:

© IFRS 16 Leases (IFRS 16); and

© IFRIC 23 Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments (IFRIC 23)
‘The Directors reviewed the nature and effect that these new standards have had on the Company and do not believe that the impact is material. These
standards have been adopted by the Company:

IFRS 16 — Leases (effective for periods commencing on or after 1 January 2019) -
IFRS 16 Leases is effective for periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019 and is therefore applicable to the current period. This standard replaces
accounting treatment for leases previously depicted in IAS 17. IFRS 16 introduced a single lessee accounting model whereby a lessee is required to
‘There has been no impact in these financial statements from the implementation of IFRS 16, as the Company did not hold leases in the current or prior
year. .

IFRIC 23 - Uncertainty Over Income Tax Treatments (effective for periods commencing on or after 1 January 2019)

‘The IFRIC 23 ‘Uncertainty Over Income Tax Treatments’ interpretation is effective for accounting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019 and
provides further clarification on how to apply the recognition and measurement requirements in IAS 12 ‘Income Taxes’.

IFRIC 23 has not had a material impact on the financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2020.

‘There are no accounting standards that are not yet effective that would be expected to have a material impact on the Company in the current or next
reporting periods.



===== page 14 =====
Alpha FMC Midco 2 Limited
Annual report and financial statements

i 31 March 2020
Notes (continued)
2 Auditor's remuneration
Auditor's remuneration:
FY20 FYI9
, £000

Audit of these financial statements

Amounts receivable by the Company's auditor and its associates in respect of services to the Company and its associates, other than the audit of the
Company’s financial statements, have not been disclosed as the information is required instead to be disclosed on a consolidated basis in the
consolidated financial statements of the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple.

3 Staff numbers and costs
‘The Company had no employees during the current or prior periods.

4 Directors’ remuneration

‘The Directors of the Company are paid out of other entities within the Group. The Directors believe that the value of their services in respect of the
‘Company, in both the current and prior periods, were negligible and therefore, have not been disclosed.

5 Income from shares in Group undertakings
FY 20 FY19
. £000 £000
Dividend income 6,909 20,909
6 Taxation
Recognised in the profit and loss account
7 FY 20 FY19
£000 £000 £000 £000
Current tax
‘Current tax on income for the period i - : 7
Adjustments in respect of prior periods : - 7
‘Total current tax - 7
Deferred tax
‘Adjustments in respect of prior periods - -
1 - 7
Reconciliation of effective tax rate
FY20 FY 19
2000 £000
Profit for the year 6,909 20,909
Total tax expense - /
Profit excluding taxation : 6,909 20,909
‘Tax using the UK corporation tax rate of 19% (FY 19: 19%) 1,313 3,973
Non-taxable income 4,313) 3,973)
Total tax expense - -

‘The UK corporation tax rate legislation announced is set to hold the corporation tax rate at 19% for the 2019/20 and 2020/21 tax years. This rate has
been reflected in the calculation of deferred tax for the year ended 31 March 2020.

7 Fixed asset investments
- Shares in
Group undertakings
£000
‘At31 March 2020 & 31 March 2019 20

Page 12


===== page 15 =====
Notes (continued)

7

Alpha FMC Midco 2 Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2020
Fixed asset investments (continued) :
a ‘Class and ‘Class and
. percentage of percentage of
.Country of Registered sharesheld- shares held -
Subsidiary undertakings Incorporation address Prin 31 March 2020 31 March 2019
Alpha FMC Bideo Limited UK “1 Intermediate holding company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Li UK 1 Intermediate holding company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Group Nominees Limited UK 1 Group services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Group Limited UK 1 Intermediate holding company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting - serediate holdi a '
Paani UK 4 termediate holding company 100% orinary_ 100% otnary
Print Markets Consulting UK «ing __- Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
ae censors UK 1 "Dormant 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Data Solutions Limited UK 1 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ine. © USA 2 |. Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
She Financial Markets Consulting France +3. « Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting S.A. Luxembourg’ 4° Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
“Alpha Financial Markets Consultin A . ,
Ne oe ‘lands BLY. 8 Netherlands 5 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
= ‘Switesand "6, Consultany services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Track Two GmbH Germany 7 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting : B ; . A
Singopore Pte Limited Singapore "8 "Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting * . . ,
SaienerTE HongKong <° 9» Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting : : . —_ '
paseo Avstalia 10 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Obsidian Solutions Limited UK 1 Consultancy services 100% ordinary we
eee Technology Services Consulting France 3. Consultancy services 100% ordinary na
Obsidian Alpha Data Solutions LLC Serbia 11 Consultancy services 100% ordinary na
Notes: ‘

1. 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB
2, $75 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY 10017, USA

3. 6 Square de L'Opera Louis Jouvet, 75008 Paris, France
4, 19/21 route d’Arlon - bloc B, L-8009 Strassen, Luxembourg

5. Spaces Zuidas, Barbara Strozzilaan 101, 1083 HN, Amsterdam,

6. Bleicherweg 10, 8002 Zurich, Switzerland
7. Mergenthalerallee 73-75, 65760 Eschborn, Germany
8. 3A Conway Circle, Singapore 558288

9. 22/F., Neich Tower, 128 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong,

10. 383-385 George Street, Sydney NSW 2000
11, Belgrade, Serbia at Bulevar kralja Aleksandra no.52

Page 13

, The Netherlands


===== page 16 =====
Alpha FMC Midco 2 Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2020
Notes (continued)
7 Fixed asset investments (continued)
Share capital Profiti(loss) for
° and reserves the period
Subsidiary undertakings . . £000 £000
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited . 1,389 6,681
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited floats 29,425 7,187
Alpha FMC Group Nominees Limited my . : -
Alpha FMC Group Limited yoo, 2 7,187
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited 12,190 10,212
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited . 19,170 10,101
Alpha Technology Services Consulting Limited : : -
Glass Client Programs Limited . - -
Alpha Data Solutions Limited . i (1,081) (874)
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Inc. 838 2,210
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting S.A.S. + 7,701 1,175
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting S.A. : 1,550 460
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Netherlends B.V. (403) 9)
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Switzerland S.A. (47) (40)
Track Two GmbH 365) 58
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Singapore Pte, Limited 1,068 231
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Hong Kong Limited (12) ©)
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Australia PTY Limited 4 24 26
Obsidian Solutions Limited : . 356 95)
Alpha Technology Services Consulting S.A.S 44 -
Obsidian Alpha Data Solutions LLC - -
8 Debtors
FY20 FY19
. £000 £000
Amounts owed by Group undertakings 7 - 84,454
- 84,454

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are interest free and are repayable on demand.

9 Creditors: amounts falling due within one year
FY 20 FY19
£000 £000
Amounts owed to Group undertakings 91,363 84,454
91,363 84,454

Amounts owed to Group undertakings are either interest-bearing or nicn interest-bearing depending on the type of the creditor relationship and are

repayable on demand.

‘The Group has no intention to request the repayment of amounts owed to other Group entities within the next twelve months.

10 Capital and reserves
Share capital . :
FY 20 FY19
. £000 £000
Allotted, called up and fully paid .
20,000 ordinary shares of £1 . 20 20
20 20
Shares classified in shareholders? funds Le 20 20
20 20

‘The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the

Company.

Dividends

‘An interim dividend payment totalling £6,909,000 was made to the Company's sole shareholder, Alpha FMC Midco Limited (FY 19: £20,909,000), to
facilitate the payment of the Group dividend made by the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, to its shareholders. This
dividend was facilitated by the receipt in the year of a dividend totalling £6,909,000 from the Company's directly owned subsidiary, Alpha FMC Bidco

Limited. The Directors have not recommended the payment ofa final dividend (FY 19: Enil).

Page 14


===== page 17 =====
Alpha FMC Midco 2 Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Notes (continued)

uu Related parties

Identity of related parties with which the Company has transacted

‘The Company has not engaged in any transactions with any related paities other thas with wholly owned subsidiaries. These transactions have not been
disclosed as the Company has taken advantage of exemptions under FRS 101.

2 Events after the reporting period

‘The Directors consider that the outbreak of COVID-19 globally represents an adjusting event at the balance sheet date on the basis that the significance
of the social end economic impact was apparent at that date. The Group has therefore considered all conditions up to the date of issuance of the
financial statements as adjusting events. As disclosed in note 1, the impact of COVID-19 has been assessed in relation to: impairment of fixed asset
investments, and the expected credit loss on intercompany receivables.

13 Ultimate parent company and parent company of larger Group

‘The Company is e subsidiary undertaking of Alpha Finencial Markets Consulting Pl, incorporated in England and Wales. The ultimate controlling
party is Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple.

Both the largest and smallest Group in which the results of the Company are consolidated is that headed by Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc,
incorporated in England and Wales. The consolidated financial statements of the Group are available to the public and may be obtained from 60
Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB, or the website investors.alphafine.com. .

PagelS- +
