

===== page 1 =====
wey

Alpha Data Solutions Limited

Annual report and financial statements
Registered number 11480862
31 March 2021

Hamu

nn

*ARINQS!
18/12/2021 #329
COMPANIES HOUSE

All

\


===== page 2 =====
Contents

Company information
Strategic report
Directors’ report

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the strategic report and the Directors’ report and the financial

statements

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha Data Solutions Limited
Profit and loss account

Balance sheet

Statement of changes in equity

Notes

Alpha Data Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

wena

on


===== page 3 =====
Company Information

Directors

Company number

Registered office

Auditor

Banker

JC Paton

ENB Fraser

L Radenovic

N Spencer

GD Glass (resigned 7 December 2020)

11480862

60 Gresham Street
London
EC2V 7BB

KPMG LLP
St Nicholas House
31 Park Row
Nottingham

NGI 6FQ

HSBC Bank UK

71 Queen Victoria Street
London

ECAV 4AY

Page 1

Alpha Data Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021


===== page 4 =====
Alpha Data Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021.

Strategic report

Business review

For the year ended 31 March 2021 (FY 21'), the Company recorded a loss of £1,361,000 (FY 20: £1,169,000) in its second year of trading. The
increased loss in the year predominantly reflects increased consultant costs driven by headcount growth, partially offset by decreased contracting
cost and revenue growth. There are no concerns about the recoverability of the main unprovided debtors.

Future developments

The Directors are cognisant of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The business plan developed by the Directors shows revenue growth is
expected to continue in the forthcoming year with headcount growth assumed, being a reflection of e return to more normal market conditions. The
Directors are confident of progress in the year, based on the level of on-going work and prospective pipeline at the start ofthe financial year.

Key performance indicators
The Directors monitor performance on both a weekly and a monthly basis using a range of financial and non-financial metrics. Working capital
‘management is thé primary indicator which is reviewed on a weekly basis to monitor cashflow, liquidity and the recovery of trade receivables,

Each month the Directors review the management accounts for each trading Group” undertaking and compare actual performance against budget.
‘Costs, utilisation and order book are also reviewed to monitor profitability.

Principal risks and uncertainties

‘The performance of the Company in the short-term is subject to uncertainty arising from the macro-economic impact of the COVID-19 outbreak,
however the future pipeline of work for the Company is considered rélatively good despite the uncertainty. Management continue to operate
conservative cash management policies, which bave been supplemented by strategic decisions made to safeguard liquidity during the pandemic, as.
described below.

Risk management and the year ahead

‘The Directors are pleased with trading in a year of huge challenge and uncertainty with the ongoing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, The
Directors took pre-emptive actions in the first half of the year to preserve financial flexibility. These were withdrawn and reversed in the second half
of the year.

‘The Directors are pleaséd with the continued strategic progress and with the good pipeline of potential business opportunities under discussion.

" FY 21 is the financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2021. By comparison, FY 20 isthe previous financial year covering the 12 moaths to 31 March 2020;
and FY 22 is the subsequent financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2022.

2 Group refers to the Company’ ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ple and its subsidiaries.

Page 2


===== page 5 =====
Alpha Data Solutions Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Directors’ report

‘The Directors present their report and the audited financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2021.

Principal a

The principal activity of the Company is the provision of consulting related services and software products to clients in the asset and wealth
management industries. The Company commenced trading in the comparative period.

ies

Results and dividend

The results for the year are set out in the attached profit and loss account,

No dividend payments were proposed or paid in the current financial year.

For further information on the likely future developments of the business, please refer to the strategic report.
‘After deducting taxation, a £1,361,000 loss was transferred to reserves (FY 20: £1,169,000 loss).

Directors

The Directors who held office during the year were as follows:

JC Paton

ENB Fraser

L Radenovie

N Spencer

GD Glass (resigned 7 December 2020)

Political contributions

The Company made no political donations and incurred no political expenditure during the year.

Employee involvement

The health and welfare of the Company's employees remains a key priority for the Directors, as reflected by the Group's position on the ‘Sunday
Times 100 Best small companies to work for’ 2017-2020, and in the ‘UK's 100 Best Large Companies to Work for’ in 2021. The Company has the
intent to attract, recruit, develop and retain key employees, and the Company maintains policies and procedures on the Group intranet, with access
to this documentation provided to employees via the Company's Human Resources department. Appropriate education and training and
development opportunities are provided to all employees to encourage continuous development, and employees are kept abreast of key financial and
economic updates on the Company's performance and other matters on a regular basis, and in monthly meetings hosted by senior management,
where employees have an opportunity to raise questions or provide feedback

Itis the Company's policy to give full and fair consideration to all applications for employment including from disabled people, having regard to
their abilities and aptitudes. Full consideration is given to continuing the employment of staff who become disabled, including considering them for
other reasonable positions and arranging appropriate training where required. The Company aims to provide an inclusive environment for all
employees, regardless of sex, marital status, race, nationality, age, sexual orientation or religion.

‘The Company provides an opportunity for increased employee engagement with the Company's performance through the employee share incentive
scheme and the Company's profit share scheme.

Engagement with suppliers and customers

The Directors note the importance of fostering strong relationships with the Company's customers and suppliers through open communication and
having regard for these relationships in strategic decisions made relating to the Company.

Page 3


===== page 6 =====
‘Alpha Daia Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021.

Directors’ report.(continued)

Disclosure of information to auditor

‘The Directors who held office at the date of approval of this Directors’ report confirm that, so far as they are each aware, there is no relevant audit
information of which the Company’s auditor is unaware; and each Dizector bas taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as a Director to
make themselves aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the-Company’s auditor is aware of that information.

Auditor
Pursuant to Section 487 of the Companies Act 2006, the auditor will be deemed tobe reappointed and KPMG LLP will therefore contiaue in office.

13 December 2021

Page 4


===== page 7 =====
Alpha Data Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

ies in respect of the strategic report and the directors’

Statement of Directors’ responsibili
report and the financial statements

The Directors are responsible for preparing the strategic report, the Directors’ report and the financial statements in accordance with applicable law
and regulations.

Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law they have elected to prepare the
financial statements in accordance with UK accounting standards and applicable law (UK Generally Accepted Accounting Practice), including FRS
101 Reduced Disclosure Framework.

Under company law the Directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state
of affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for that period. In preparing these financial statements, the Directors are
required to:

* select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;

+ make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent,

* state whether applicable UK accounting standards have been followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and
explained in the financial statements;

* assess the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern; and

* use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations or have
no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the company’s transactions and
disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply
with the Companies Act 2006. They are responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have general responsibility for taking such steps as are
reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the Company and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.

Page 5


===== page 8 =====
Alpha Data Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha Data Solutions Limited

Opinion
‘We have audited the financial statements of Alpha Data Solutions Limited (“the Company”) for the year ended 31 March 2021 which comprise the
profit and loss account, balance sheet, statement of changes in equity and related notes, including the accounting policies in note 1.

In our opinion the financiat statements:

* give a true and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs as at 31 March 2021 and of its loss for the year then ended;
+ have been properly prepared in accordance with UK accounting standards, including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework; and
‘+ have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Intemational Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and applicable law. Our responsibilities are
described below. We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and are independent of the Company in accordance with, UK ethical
requirements including the FRC Ethical Standard. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis for our
opinion.

Going concern

The Directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concem basis as they do not intend to liquidate the Company or to cease its
operations, and as they have concluded that the Company's financial position means that this is realistic, They have also concluded that there are no
material uncertainties that could have cast significant doubt over its ability to continue as a going concer for at least a year from the date of
approval of the financial statements (“the going concern period”).

In our evaluation of the Directors’ conclusions, we considered the inherent risks to the Company's business model and analysed how those risks
might affect the Company’s financial resources or ability to continue operations over the going concem period.

Our conclusions based on this work:
* we consider that the Directors’ use of the going concem basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial statements
is appropriate;
‘+ we have not identified, and concur with the Directors’ assessment that there is not, a material uncertainty related to events or

conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the company's ability to continue as a going concern for
the going concem period.

However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in outcomes that are inconsistent with judgements
that were reasonable at the time they were made, the above conclusions are not a guarantee that the Company will continue in operation.

Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations — ability to detect
Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to fraud

To identify risks of material misstatement due to fraud (“fraud risks”) we assessed events or conditions that could indicate an incentive or pressure
to commit fraud or provide an opportunity to commit fraud. Our risk assessment procedures included:

_, enquiring of Directors as to the Company's high-level policies and procedures to prevent and detect fraud, as well as whether they
have knowledge of any actual, suspected or alleged fraud.
* reading Board minutes.
* considering remuneration incentive schemes and performance targets for management and Directors.
‘* using analytical procedures to identify any unusual or unexpected relationships.
We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit team and remained alert to any indications of fraud throughout the audit

As required by auditing standards, we perform procedures to address the risk of management override of controls and the risk of fraudulent revenue
recognition, in particular the risk that revenue is recorded in the wrong period and the risk that management may be in a position to make
inappropriate accounting entries,

We did not identify any additional fraud risks.

We performed procedures including:

identifying journal entries to test based on risk criteria and comparing the identified entries to supporting documentation, These

included unusual pairings with a credit or debit to an account below EBITDA and unusual journals with a credit or debit entry to
cash;

« identifying revenue transactions to test based on unusual pairings with a credit or debit to revenue.

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to non-compliance with laws and regulations

We identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the financial statements from our general
commercial and sector experience, and through discussion with the Directors and other management (as required by auditing standards), and
discussed with the Directors and other management the policies and procedures regarding compliance with laws and regulations.

We communicated identified laws and regulations throughout our team and remained alert to any indications of non-compliance throughout the
audit.

Page 6


===== page 9 =====
Alpha Data Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha Data Solutions Limited (continued)

‘The potential effect of these laws and regulations on the financial statements varies considerably.
Firstly, the Company is subject to laws and regulations that directly affect the financial statements including financial reporting legislation
(including related companies legislation), distributable profits legislation and taxation legislation, and we assessed the extent of compliance with
these laws and regulations as part of our procedures on the related financial statement items.

Secondly, the Company is subject to many other laws and regulations where the consequences of non-compliance could have a material effect on
amounts or disclosures in the financial statements, for instance through the imposition of fines or litigation. We identified the following areas as
those most likely to have such an effect: anti-bribery and employment law recognising the financial nature of the Company's activities. Auditing
standards limit the required audit procedures to identify non-compliance with these laws and regulations to enquiry of the Directors and other

management and inspection of regulatory and legal correspondence, if any. Therefore if a breach of operational regulations is not disclosed to us or
evident from relevant correspondence, an audit will not detect that breach,

Context of the ability of the audit to detect fraud or breaches of law or regulation

‘Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an unavoidable risk that we may not have detected some material misstatements in the
financial statements, even though we have properly planned and performed our audit in accordance with auditing standards. For example, the
further removed non-compliance with laws and regulations is from the events and transactions reflected in the financial statements, the less likely
the inherently limited procedures required by auditing standards would identify it

In addition, as with any audit, there remained a higher risk of non-detection of fraud, as these may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
misrepresentations, or the override of internal controls, Our audit procedures are designed to detect material misstatement. We are not responsible
for preventing non-compliance or fraud and cannot be expected to detect non-compliance with all laws and regulations.

Strategic report and Directors’ report

‘The Directors are responsible for the strategic report and the Directors’ report. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover those reports
and we do not express an audit opinion thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the strategic report and the Directors’ report and, in doing so, consider whether, based on our financial statements audit
work, the information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with the financial statements or our audit knowledge. Based solely on that
work:

+ we have not identified material misstatements in the strategic report and the Directors’ report,

* in our opinion the information given in those reports for the financial year is consistent with the financial statements, and

* in our opinion those reports have been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception
Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:
* adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received from branches
not visited by us; or
* the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or
* certain disclosures of Directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or
* we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit.

We have nothing to report in these respects.

Directors’ responsibilities

As explained more fully in their statement set out on page 5, the Directors are responsible for: the preparation of the financial statements and for
being satisfied that they give a true and fair view; such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, assessing the Company's ability to continue as a going concem,
disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concer; and using the going concem basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the
Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether
due to fraud or error, and to issue our opinion in an auditor’s report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but does not guarantee that
an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or
error and are considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users
taken on the basis of the financial statements.

A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC’s website at www.frc.org. uk/auditorsresponsibilities.

Page 7


===== page 10 =====
Alpha Data Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha Data Solutions Limited (continued)

The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities

This report is made solely to the Company's members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006 Our audit
work has been undertaken so that we might state to the Company's members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor's report
and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and
the Company's members, as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Craig Parkin (Senior Statutory Auditor)
for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
Chartered Accountants

St Nicholas House

31 Park Row

Nottingham

NGI 6FQ

13 December 2021

Page 8


===== page 11 =====
Alpha Data Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Profit & loss account
for the year ended 31 March 2021

Year ended 31 Year ended 31
Note March 2021 March 2020
£000 £000
Turnover 2 2,094 1,442
Rechargeable expenses - :
Net fee income 2,094 1,442
Cost of sales (2,522) (1,309)
Gross (loss) / profit : (428) 133,
Administrative expenses 3,4,5 (1,485) (1,298)
Operating loss (1,913) (1,165)
Other interest payable and similar expense 6 a @)
Loss before taxation (1.914) (1,169)
Taxation 7 583 -
Loss for the financial year (1,361) (1,169)

In both the current and preceding year, the Company made no acquisitions and had no discontinued operations.

There were no recognised gains or losses in either the current or preceding year other than those disclosed in the profit and loss account, and
therefore no separate statement of other comprehensive income has been presented

Page 9


===== page 12 =====
Balance sheet
As at 31 March 2021

Non-current assets

Tangible fixed assets
Capitalised implementation costs
Intangible fixed assets
Right-of-use assets

Current assets
Debtors
‘Cash at bank and in hand

Current liabilities

Net current liabilities

Total assets Jess current liabilities

Non-current liabilities
‘Non-current liabilities

Net liabilities:

Capital and reserves
Called up share capital.
Profit and foss account

Shareholders’ funds

Alpha Data Solutions Limited

Annual report and financial statements,
31 March 2021
Asat Asat,
Note ‘31 March 2021 34 March 2020
£000 £000 £000 £000
8 23 31
W 159 -
9 644 1,108
10 - 4
826 1,233
rt 957 1276
800
1,483, 2,076
12 (4,489) (4,374)
10 - (95)
(4,489) (4.469)
G,006) (2,393)
(2,180) (1,160):
13 (350). 12)
2,530) (1,169)
== —
4 - -
2,530) 2,169)
2,530) (1,169)

The notes on pages 12-24 form.part of these financial statements. These financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of

Directors on 13 Decembé

Company registered number: 11480862,

1021. They were signed on its behalf by:

Page 10


===== page 13 =====
Statement of changes in equity

Asat 1 April 2019

Total comprehensive income for the period

Loss for the period

‘Transactions with owners
Dividends

As at 31 March 2020

Total comprehensive income for the period
Loss for the period

‘Transactions with owners
Dividends

As at 31 March 2021

Page 11

Called up
share capital
£000

Alpha Data Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2021

Total

Profit and shareholders‘

loss account
£000

(1,169)

(1,169)

(1,361)

(2,530)

funds
£000

(1,169)

(1,169)

(1,361)

(2,530)


===== page 14 =====
Alpha Data Solutions Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Notes
(forming part of the financial statements)

1 Accounting policies

Alpha Data Solutions Limited (the “Company”) is a Company limited by shares, domiciled and registered in the UK. The registered number is
11480862 and the registered address is 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB.

‘These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework (“FRS 101”).

In preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement and disclosure requirements of Intemational Financial
Reporting Standards (“Adopted IFRSs”), but makes amendments where necessary in order to comply with Companies Act 2006 and has set out
below where advantage of the FRS 101 disclosure exemptions has been taken,

The Company's ultimate parent undertaking, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple, includes the Company in its consolidated financial
statements, The consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc are available to the public and may be obtained from
60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB.
In these financial statements, the Company has applied the exemptions available under FRS 101 in respect of the following disclosures:

* acash flow statement and related notes;

+ comparative period reconciliations for share capital, tangible fixed assets, intangible assets and investment properties;

* disclosures in respect of transactions with wholly owned subsidiaries;

* disclosures in respect of capital management,

* the effects of new but not yet effective IFRSs,

* disclosures in respect of the compensation of Key Management Personnel; and

© disclosures of transactions with a management entity that provides key management personnel services to the Company.
As the consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc include the equivalent disclosures, the Company has also taken
the exemptions under FRS 101 available in respect of the following disclosures:

« IFRS 2 Share Based Payments in respect of group settled share based payments; and

= certain disclosures required by IFRS 16 Leases in relation to disclosure of the company's leasing activities.

« certain disclosures required by IFRS 3 Business Combinations in respect of business combinations undertaken by the Company.

The accounting policies set out below have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods presented in these financial statements.

1 Basis of preparation

‘These financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost basis, except for certain financial instruments that are measured at fair
value.

The presentational currency of these financial statements and the functional currency of the Company is pounds sterling, All amounts in these
financial statements have been rounded to the nearest £1,000, unless stated otherwise.

12 Significant judgements and estimates

The preparation of financial information in accordance with IFRS requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect
the application of accounting policies and reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses,

‘The Directors have made one judgement, excluding those involving estimations, in the process of applying the Company's accounting pi
are considered to have a significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements for the period ending 31 March 2021

Revenue recognition

‘The Directors note that the process of revenue recognition in the Company requires a judgement to be made on the identification of distinct
performance obligations under the Company's software contracts with customers. These contracts comprise software fees and other related services,
which customers can access over the life of the contract, in line with related performance obligations. Interpretation of the terms of these contracts
determine whether the performance obligation is satisfied over time or at a point in time. For further information on the accounting policy
implemented by the Company, please refer to section 1.11 below.

The Directors have identified the following area as the key estimate that is considered to have a significant risk of resulting in a material adjustment
to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities within the next financial year.

Page 12


===== page 15 =====
Alpha Data Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Notes (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)
12 Significant judgements and estimates (continued)

Impairment of capitalised development expenditure

‘The Company determines whether capitalised development costs should be impaired on at least an annual basis. This requires an estimate of the
value in use of the CGU to which the costs have been allocated. To estimate the value in use, the Company estimates the expected future cash flows
from the CGU and discounts to their present value. Forecasting expected cash flows and selecting appropriate discount rates inherently requires
estimation. Based on the forecasted cash flows and sensitivity analysis performed there is no reasonably possible outcome where an impairment
charge is required at year end. However it is considered appropriate to disclose this as an area of significant estimation due to the size of the
balance, the heightened uncertainty due to the residual market uncertainty due to the ongoing COVID-19 environment, and the fact that it could
change as a result of future events over the next several years.

13 Going concern

Notwithstanding net current liabilities of £3,006,000 as at 31 March 2021 and a loss for the year then ended of £1,361,000 the financial statements
have been prepared on a going concern basis which the Directors consider to be appropriate for the following reasons,

The Directors have prepared cash flow forecasts for a period of at least 12 months from the date of approval of these financial statements which
indicate that, taking account of reasonably possible downsides, the Company will have sufficient funds, to meet its liabilities as they fall due for that
period,

‘Those forecasts are dependent on the Company's ultimate parent company, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple not seeking repayment of the
amounts currently due to the other companies controlled by the Group, which at 31 March 2021 amounted to £3,561,000. Alpha Financial Markets
Consulting Pic has indicated that it does not intend to seek repayment of these amounts for the period covered by the forecasts. As with any
company placing reliance on other Group entities for financial support, the Directors acknowledge that there can be no certainty that this support
will continue although, at the date of approval of these financial statements, they have no reason to believe that it will not do so.

Consequently, the Directors are confident that the Company will have sufficient funds to continue to meet its liabilities as they fall due for at least 12
months from the date of approval of the financial statements and therefore have prepared the financial statements on a going concern basis.

14 Foreign currency
‘The company’s functional and presentational currency is GBP.

‘Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the Company’s functional currencies at the foreign exchange rate ruling at the date of the
transaction, Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the balance sheet date are retranslated to the functional currency at
the foreign exchange rate ruling at that date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency
are translated using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction, Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are
stated at fair value are retranslated to the functional currency at foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates the fair value was determined. Foreign
exchange differences arising on translation are recognised in the profit and loss.

15 Financial instruments

‘The Company uses financial instruments comprising cash and cash equivalents and other short-term instruments, such as trade payables that arise
from its operations. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to fund the Group’s business strategy and working capital requirements.

Accounting policies in respect of financial instruments are outlined below.
Financial assets

Financial assets are initially measured at fair value plus or minus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction
costs. The Company has not reclassified any financial assets subsequent to initial recognition as at the balance sheet date. Reclassification of classes
of financial assets is accounted for prospectively in accordance with IFRS 9, where this is required. Any difference on reclassification from
amortised cost to fair value through profit or loss is recognised in the profit and loss at the reclassification date.

Financial assets are assessed at each reporting date to determine a lifetime expected credit loss that reflects the credit risk associated with the
portfolio of assets. A financial asset is impaired in line with the simplified approach under IFRS 9 which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance.

‘An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured at amortised cost is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the
present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the asset’s original effective interest rate. For financial instruments measured at cost
less impairment, impairment is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the best estimate of the amount that the Company
would receive for the asset if it were to be sold at the reporting date. Interest on the impairment asset continues to be recognised through the
unwinding of the discount, Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. When a subsequent event causes the amount of the impairment to
decrease, the decrease in impairment loss is reversed through profit and loss account.

Page 13


===== page 16 =====
Alpha Data Solutions Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Notes (continued)
1 Accounting poli

ies (continued)
1S Financial instruments (continued)

Trade and other debtors

Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less provision for impairment. A
provision for impairment of trade receivables is established when there is objective evidence that the Company will not be able to collect all
amounts due according to the original terms of the receivables. The provision is recognised in the income statement as an operating charge.

The trade receivables’ balances recorded in the Company's statement of financial position comprise a relatively small number of large balances and
are held until realised in cash.

Alpha provides services to customers on credit terms with mainly arrears billing. Certain receivables may not be paid. The Company applies the
IERS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables. To measure
expected credit losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on shared credit characteristics and the days past due. The Company consider
historical loss rates for each ageing category as a starting point for estimating the expected credit loss. This historical loss rate is subsequently
adjusted for macro-economic and customer specific factors of receivables within each ageing category. Characteristics considered by the Company
for these purposes include historical collection experience for each customer, the assessed liquidity of key customers within the receivables balance,
and other relevant macro-economic factors such as COVID-19 and Brexit in order to determine a reasonable and supportable assessment of the
expected lifetime credit risk in the context of the overall year-end trade receivables due.

Amounts owed by Group undertakings

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less provision for
impairment. A provision for impairment of intercompany receivables is established using an expected credit loss model. The Group classifies all
intercompany receivables that form a part of the normal trading cycle of the Group as current, as well as non-trading balances where the
counterparty has sufficient resources to settle the balance within a twelve month period from the balance sheet date. All other amounts owed by
Group undertakings are considered as non-current assets, This represents a change in accounting policy in the year. Alll balances were considered
current in the comparative period.

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and call deposits and are recorded and subsequently measured at amortised cost in line with IFRS
9.

Financial liabilities
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities designated upon initial
recognition as at fair value through profit or loss. Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are acquired for the purpose of selling
in the near term. This category includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Company that are not designated as hedging instruments
in hedge relationships as defined by IFRS 9. As at 31 March 2021, the Company had no such financial liabilities,

Other financial liabilities held by the Group are recognised at amortised cost.
Trade and other creditors

Trade and other creditors are recognise
effective interest method.

tially at fair value, Subsequent to initial recognition they are measured at amortised cost using the

Amounts owed to Group undertakings
Amounts owed by Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost.

Leases

Leases are negotiated on an individual basis, and for a variety of terms over which rentals are fixed with break clauses and options to extend for a
further period at the then prevailing market rate, Contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components. Non-lease components are separately
identifiable and excluded from the lease for the purpose of IFRS 16 implementation,

The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may
not be used as security for borrowing purposes.

Alongside the rental leases associated with the office spaces, The Company also hold leases associated with office equipment. These form the
population of leases subject to review under IFRS 16.

Page 14


===== page 17 =====
Alpha Data Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Notes (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)

1S Financial instruments (continued)
Measurement of lease liabilities

On initial recognition of a new lease, the lease liability is recognised as the present value of future payments, discounted using the incremental
borrowing rate (“IBR”), unless the interest rate implicit to the lease is available for use.

Lease payments to be made subsequent to optional termination options have been included within the lease liability measurement, where itis
reasonably certain that such options will be exercised.

‘Lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be easily determined, the IBR is applied, being the rate
that the individual lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar
economic environment with similar terms, security and conditions.

‘The Company accounts for lease payments by allocating them to a finance cost element and against the lease liability. The finance cost is charged to
profit or loss over the lease period.

When the Company revises its estimate of the term of any lease (for example, if the probability of a lessee extension or termination option being
exercised is re-assessed), the Company adjusts the carrying amount of the lease liability to reflect the payments to make over the revised term, which
are discounted using a revised discount rate. In such cases, an equivalent adjustment is made to the carrying value of the right-of-use asset, with the
revised carrying amount being amortised over the remaining (revised) lease term. If the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset is adjusted to zero,
any further reduction is recognised in profit or loss.

In determining the IBR, the Company has:
‘* Adopted the rate implicit in the lease, where this rate can be readily determined, or used the IBR as assessed for each lease.

‘+ Made adjustments to the IBR for relevant factors such as lease term, lease value, country and asset specific considerations.
* The Company has no material exposure to variable lease payments that qualify for accounting treatment under IFRS 16.

Measurement of right-of-use assets

The right-of-use asset for lease agreements entered into after transition date is measured on initial recognition as the amount equal to the lease
liability on initial measurement, less any lease incentives, plus any initial direct costs. Right-of-use assets are depreciated over the shorter of the
asset's useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis.

‘The Company has used the practical expedients permitted by IFRS 16 in relation to accounting for leases with a remaining lease term of less than 12
months as “short-term leases”, and those with a low value as “low value leases”. Consequently, no lease liability or right-of-use asset was calculated
thereon, These leases are expensed in the statement of profit and loss. The Company also applies the practical expedient to combine leases with
similar characteristics to a portfolio of leases for the purpose of applying the requirements of IFRS 16.

Investments in subsidiaries
Investments in subsidiaries are carried at cost less impairment.
Interest-bearing borrowings

Interest-bearing borrowings are recognised initially at fair value less attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, interest-bearing
borrowings are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less any impairment losses.

16 Tangible fixed assets

All property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost (or deemed historical cost) less accumulated depreciation. Cost includes the original
purchase price of the asset and the costs attributable to bringing the asset to its working condition for its intended use.

Depreciation is provided on all property, plant and equipment at rates calculated to write each asset down to its estimated residual value on a
straight-line basis at the following annual rates:

‘Computer equipment 3 years straight line

Useful economic lives and estimated residual values are reviewed annually and adjusted as appropriate.

17 Intangible assets
Internally developed intangible assets
Capitalised development costs represent the costs incurred in the development of enhancements to internally-generated software.

A useful economic life of 3 years has been deemed appropriate based on the expected project lifecycle in development of new software. The
amortisation charge is recognised in administrative expenses within the profit and loss account.

Page 15


===== page 18 =====
Alpha Data Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Notes (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)
18 Impairment (non-financial assets)

‘The carrying amounts of the entity’s non-financial assets, other than deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether
there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the assets’ recoverable amount is estimated. The recoverable amount of an
asset or cash-generating unit is the greater of its value in use and its fair value, less costs to sell. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash
flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the
risks specific to the asset.

For the purposes of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates
independent cash inflows (the “cash-generating unit”); that is, cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of
other assets or groups of assets.

An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable amount. Impairment losses are
recognised in profit or loss. Impairment losses are allocated between the carrying amounts of assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro-rata basis,
as a reduction in the value of the asset.

‘An impairment loss is reversed if and only ifthe reasons for the impairment have ceased to apply.

Impairment losses recognised in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indication that the loss has decreased or no longer exists.
‘An impairment loss is only reversed to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been
determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

19 Employee benefits
Defined contribution plans

A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which the Company pays fixed contributions into a separate entity and will
have no legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts. Obligations for contributions to defined contribution pension plans are recognised
as an expense in the profit and loss account in the periods during which services are rendered by employees.

Share-based payments
The cost of share-based employee compensation arrangements, whereby employees receive remuneration in the form of shares or share options, is
recognised as an employee benefit expense in the statement of profit or loss.

The total expense to be apportioned over the vesting period of the benefit is determined by reference to the fair value (excluding the effect of non
market-based vesting conditions) at the date of grant.

In determining the fair value of share-based payments under IFRS 2, management has considered a number of internal and external factors in order
to judge the probability that management and employee share incentives may vest. Such judgements involve estimating future performance and
other non market-based factors.

At the end of each reporting period the assumptions underlying the number of awards expected to vest are adjusted for the effects of non-market-
based vesting conditions to reflect the conditions prevailing at that date, The impact of any revisions to the original estimates is recognised in the
statement of profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to equity. Fair value is measured by the use of a binomial model. The assumptions have
been adjusted, based on management's best estimate, for the effects of non-transferability, lack of dividend until vesting and exercise restrictions.

‘The fair value calculations have been externally assessed as reasonable in the circumstances.
Regarding the share-based payments charge relating to employees of the Company, there is an intra-group recharge arrangement with the
‘Company's ultimate parent undertaking, to reflect the benefits received by the respective entity in relation to employees granted share options.

‘The Company is considered to be the receiving entity in the arrangement, in line with the benefit received for services provided through ongoing
employment. The Company's ultimate parent undertaking is deemed to be the settling entity in the intra-Group arrangement, as share options
granted are in relation to ordinary shares of the parent, and recognises the share-based payments charge for the full Group in other reserves.

Amounts relating to employees who provide services directly to the Company are recorded within the profit and loss account in the form of a
‘management recharge.

The Company's management and employees have access to an equity settled share-based payment arrangement for new employees which forms a
part of the wider schemes offered across the Group, which are settled in Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple shares. The Company offers two
distinct schemes, the ‘Management Incentive Plan’ (MIP) and the ‘Employee Incentive Plan’ (EIP). These are described below:

The Management Incentive Plan (“MIP”)
The Company has a MIP to retain and incentivise the Directors and senior management

Options granted in the current and prior years to the Directors and senior management of the Company are subject to the fulfilment of two or more
performance conditions determined by the Group's remuneration committe.

MIP awards have either nil exercise price payable (or no more than a nominal purchase price payable) in order to acquire shares pursuant to options.
MIP awards have either 3- or 4-year vesting periods from the date of grant and can be equity-settled only.

The Employee incentive Plan ("EIP")

Under the EIP, a broad base of the Group's employees have been granted share options or share awards over a small number of Alpha Financial
Markets Consulting Ple shares. The EIP has been structured as is most appropriate under the local tax, legal and regulatory rules.

Page 16


===== page 19 =====
Alpha Data Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Notes (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)
19 Employee benefits (continued)

Further disclosure of these schemes is provided within the Group's consolidated 2021 Annual Report & Accounts, and the share-based payment
arrangement concerns equity instruments of the Company's ultimate parent company, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, and therefore the
Directors have applied disclosure exemptions for the subsidiary accounts as permitted under FRS 101

1.10 Provisions

A provision is recognised in the balance sheet when the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, that can
be reliably measured and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation, Provisions are determined by
discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects risks specific to the liability.

Li Revenue recognition

Revenue consists of the value of work executed for clients during the year and expenses recharged, exclusive of VAT. Revenue is classified into net
fee income and recharged expenses. Net fee income is measured based on the transaction price allocated to the performance obligation from the sale
of goods or provision of services, Net fee income is recognised either at a ‘point in time’ when the performance obligation in the contract has been
performed or ‘over time’ as control of the goods or services are transferred to the customer. Recharged expenses comprise the recharge of costs
incidental to fulfilling contracts including flights, subsistence and accommodation on which nil or negligible margin is earned by the Company. The
‘Company delivers services that have no alternative use to Alpha (advice to clients, reports, etc) as the services are specifically tailored to clients’
projects and scope of work.

Revenue generated from software licensing, hosting and related support services provided over a contracted period of time is combined and
allocated to a single performance obligation. These contracts are considered to be satisfied over time, in line with the benefits being transferred to
the customer. Revenue is recognised on straight-line basis over the contractual licence term,

Implementation services provided by the Company to the customer are classified as either being distinct performance obligations or non-distinct
from the licensing and hosting promises described above, dependent on the fact pattern within the underlying contractual arrangement. The
Company considers the level of inter-dependency between the contractual promises, and whether the customer can consume the benefits of the
licence without the implementation service being performed. Where implementation services are required for the customer to use the software, these
services are considered to be non-distinct from the licensing performance obligation. Therefore, the Company accounts for these as a single
performance obligation satisfied over the licence term, as described above. The Company generally considers the initial phase of implementation to
be non-distinct from the associated licence. The Company typically bills and receives cash for these implementation services in advance of the
revenue being recognised, resulting in the recognition of a contract liability.

Costs directly related to non-distinct implementation work that are incurred prior to the commencement of the licence are initially recognised as an
asset and are subsequently amortised through cost of sales on a systematic basis, in line with the transfer of goods or services to the customer.

Other distinct implementation services, as well as separately billable maintenance, support, data assurance and training are treated as separate
performance obligations and revenue is recognised as these services are delivered.

Contract modifications relating to the renewal of software licences are accounted for as separate revenue contracts. Other contract modifications are
considered on a case by case basis.

Activity performance recognised as revenue in excess of invoices raised are contract receivables and are included within accrued income, up to the
value of the relevant project delivery milestone, where applicable. On invoicing, the contract receivable is reclassified to trade receivables. Where
amounts have been invoiced in excess of revenue recognised, the excess is a contract liability and is included within deferred income.

In relation to licencing contracts, billing occurs at the beginning of the contractual licence period or incrementally over the course of the licence, in
line with the contractual terms. For implementation services, billing typically occurs a month in arrears in line with a contractually agreed schedule.

Revenue is wholly attributable to the principal activities of the Company. For all revenue types, payment is typically due between 30 and 60 days
after the invoice date or receipt of invoice, depending on the client and geography.

112 Cost of sales

Cost of sales is defined by management as the direct costs associated with the generation of the Company's revenue, including staff payroll and
contractor costs, subsistence and travel that are directly attributable to the delivery of services and supporting growth.

With regard to the Company's software licensing arrangements, costs directly related to non-distinct implementation work that are incurred prior to
the commencement of the licence are initially recognised as an asset and are subsequently amortised through cost of sales on a systematic basis, in
line with the transfer of goods or services to the customer.

113 Expenses

Interest receivable and interest payable

Interest payable and similar expenses include interest payable, unwinding of the discount on provisions, and discount unwinding associated with
leases within the scope of IFRS 16, Other interest receivable and similar income include interest receivable on funds invested and net foreign
exchange gains.

Interest income and interest payable is recognised in profit or loss as it accrues, using the effective interest method.

Page 17


===== page 20 =====
Alpha Data Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Notes (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)

114 Taxation

Tax on the profit or loss for the year comprises current tax. Tax is recognised in the profit and loss account except to the extent that it relates to
items recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive income, in which case it is recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive income.

Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at
the balance sheet date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

1I5 New accounting standards and interpretations

The following changes in accounting policies were applied by the Company in these financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2021. These
included the adoption of new standards and interpretations described below.
The International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) have issued the following standards and
interpretations which are now effective:

+ IFRS 9 Financial Instruments with IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts (Amendments to IFRS 4);

‘+ Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards;

* Definition of a Business (Amendments to IFRS 3);

‘* Definition of material (Amendments to LAS | and LAS 8); and

* Interest Rate Benchmark Reform (Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39 and IFRS 7)

The following amendments to existing standards have been issued and became effective in the year as a response to the COVID-19 pandemic:
* Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions (Amendment to IFRS 16), effective from | June 2020 and endorsed by the UK on 9 October
2020.
The Directors reviewed the nature and effect of these new standards on the Company and noted no material impact on the financial statements for
the year ended 31 March 2021
‘The Directors have considered new standards and interpretations that have been issued but not yet been effective, however have applied the
‘exemption not to disclose this information under FRS 101.

2 Turnover
FY 21 FY 20
£000 £000
Rendering of services 2,094 1,442
Rechargeable expenses - -
2,094 . 1,442
FY21 FY 20
£000 £000
By activity
Provision and implementation of software and related services 2,094 1,442
3 Auditor's remuneration
FY21 FY 20
£000 £000
Audit of these financial statements 21 8

Amounts receivable by the Company’s auditor and its associates in respect of services to the Company and its associates, other than the audit of the
Company’s financial statements, have not been disclosed as the information is required instead to be disclosed on a consolidated basis in the
consolidated financial statements of the Company’s ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc.

4 Staff numbers and costs
The average number of persons employed by the Company (including Directors) during the year, analysed by category, was as follows:

Number of employees
FY21 FY 20

Administrative 1 1
Sales 17 8
18 9

Page 18


===== page 21 =====
Alpha Data Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2021
Notes (continued)
4 Staff numbers and costs (continued)
The aggregate payroll costs of these persons were as follows:
FY21 FY 20
£000 £000
‘Wages and salaries 1,498 160
Social security costs 209 101
Contributions to defined contribution plans 26 18
1,733 219

At the year end, 376,114 (FY 20: 352,697) share options over the equity in Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, the parent company, remained
‘outstanding to the Company's management and employees. The weighted average remaining contractual period to vest for outstanding share options
is 2 years. All share options outstanding at the year end date have a nominal exercise price. During the year 187,500 share options vested (FY 20:
nil), of which 156,250 were exercised at nominal value, with the remaining 31,250 options outstanding at the year end. The Company has incurred a
charge to the profit & loss account in FY 21 of £175,690 (FY 20: £92,652) relating to these schemes under IFRS 2 for employees and management
that provide direct services to the Company.

5 Directors’ remuneration
FY21 FY 20
£000 £000
Directors’ remuneration 452 610
Company contributions to money purchase pension plan 12 -
Number of Directors
FY21 FY 20
Retirement benefits are accruing to the following number of Directors under:
Money purchase schemes 2 3
Long term share incentive plan 2 2

The aggregate of remuneration and amounts receivable under Company long term incentive schemes of the highest paid Director was £308,000 (FY
20; £344,000)

‘Amounts paid or payable to the Company's Directors through the Company's parent undertakings have been excluded from the above disclosure and
included within the disclosures of other Group companies, on the basis that their services are predominantly provided to the other Group companies.

6 Other interest payable and similar expense
FY 21 FY 20
£000 £000
Interest payable 1 4

Total interest payable and similar expense 1 4

7 Taxation

Recognised in the profit and loss account
FY21 FY 20

£000 £000 £000 £000
Current tax

Current tax on income for the period (342) -
Adjustments in respect of prior periods uy -

Total current tax (553) -

Deferred tax
Origination and reversal of timing differences - -
Effect of tax rate change on opening balances - -
Adjustments in respect of prior periods

Page 19


===== page 22 =====
Notes (continued)
7 Taxation (continued)

Reconciliation of effective tax rate

Loss for the year
Total tax income

Loss excluding taxation

Tax using the UK corporation tax rate of 19% (FY 20: 19%)
Expenses not deductible for tax purposes

Losses surrendered for group relief

Adjustments in respect of prior periods

Deferred tax not recognised

Total tax income

Alpha Data Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2021
FY21 FY 20
£000 £000
(1,361) (1,169)
(553) -
(1,914) (1,169)
(364) (222)
38 -
- 222
(228) -
1 -
(853) -

The UK corporation tax rate legislation announced is set to hold the corporation tax rate at 19% for the 2019/20 and 2020/21 tax years, An increase
in the UK corporation tax rate from 19% to 25% (effective | April 2023) was substantively enacted on 24 May 2021. This change will increase the
‘Company's future tax rate accordingly, but is expected to have an immaterial impact on the Company's future profits. Adjustments in respect of prior

periods relate to payments recieved for group relief transfered in FY 20.

8 Tangible fixed assets

Cost
Balance at | April 2020
Additions
Disposals

Depreciation and impairment
Balance at | April 2020
Depreciation charge for the year
Disposals

Net book value
At31 March 2021

Page 20

Computer
equipment Total
£000 £000
39 39
6 6
45 45
(8) (8)
(14) (14)
(22) (22)

23 23


===== page 23 =====
Alpha Data Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Notes (continued)
9 Intangible assets
Capitalised
development
costs
£000
Cost
At the start of the year 1,391
Additions -
Atthe end of the year - total 1,391
Amortisation
At the start of the year (283)
Charge for the year (464)
At the end of the year - total (747)
Net book value 644

Capitalised development costs

Capitalised development costs represent the costs incurred in the development enhancements to the 360 Sales Vista software product within Alpha
Data Solutions.

A useful economic life of 3 years has been deemed appropriate based on expected project lifecycle in development of new software,

The amortisation charge is recognised in administrative expenses within the profit and loss account. There is an average of 1.6 years remaining to be
amortised for the capitalised development costs in relation to the development of new software,

10 Leases

During the year, the Company's IFRS 16 lease terminated in line with the ending of the lease term. There are therefore no right of use assets or lease
liabilities recognised as at year end.

_{i) Amounts recognised in the statement of financial position
The balance sheet shows the following amounts relating to leases:

Right-of-use assets Buildings Total
£000 £000
Cost
‘At I April 2020 2u 2u
Additions - -
Disposals and other movements - -
At31 March 2021 2a 2
Depreciation
Att April 2020 ayy a7)
Charge for the period (94) (94)
Disposals - -
At31 March 2021 (211) 211)
Net book value at 31 March 2021 - -

Page 21


===== page 24 =====
Alpha Data Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Notes (continued)
10 Leases (continued)

‘A summary of the Company's lease liabilities as at 31 March 2021 is presented below:

FY21 FY 20
£000 £000
Lease liabi
Current - 95
Non-current > -
- 95
(ii) Amounts recognised in the income statement
The income statement shows the following amounts relating to leases:
FY21 FY 20
£000 £000
Depreciation of right-of-use asset (94) a7)
Expense relating to short-term leases (28) ©
Included in administration expenses (e) (123)
Interest expense on lease liabilities ay ©)
Included in finance expenses ay ©)

‘The Company has no variable service charge costs associated with the Group's property leases.

‘The Group has no income associated with sub-leasing arrangements, or gains/losses associated with sale-and-leaseback transactions in the current
year.

il Debtors

FY 21 FY 20
£000 £000
Trade debtors B 652
Capitalised implementation costs 185 452
Other debtors - 27
Prepayments and accrued income 60 145

Amounts owed by Group undertakings 639 -
‘957 1,276

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are interest free and are repayable on demand,

‘The Directors are satisfied that all outstanding amounts from subsidiary group undertakings are recoverable, Expected credit losses
in relation to amounts owed by Group undertakings was immaterial in both the current and prior year.

Amounts relating to the capitalisation of non-distinct software implementation costs, incurred in advance of the commencement of the client's
licence period, are recognised in current and non-current assets. Non-current capitalised implementation costs are presented on the face of the
consolidated statement of financial position, These current and non-current implementation assets in relation to ADS contracts are amortised over
an expected life equivalent to the contracted licence period. Amortisation recognised in the period in respect of these costs amounted to £167,000
(FY20: 49,000), No impairment was deemed necessary in the period. No significant judgements have been made in determining the amount of costs
to be capitalised, which primarily comprise costs within scope of IAS 19 Employee Benefits

2 Creditors: amounts falling due within one year

FY21 FY 20

£000 £000

Trade creditors 65 317

Amounts owed to Group undertakings 3,561 2,556

Taxation and social security 174 63

Accruals and deferred income 689 1,438

4,489 4,374

Page 22


===== page 25 =====
Notes (continued)

12 Creditors: amounts falling due within one year (continued)

Alpha Data Solutions Limited

Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2021

Amounts owed to Group undertakings are either interest-bearing or non interest-bearing depending on the type of the creditor relationship and local
regulatory requirements. At the balance sheet date none of these balances are interest-bearing. All amounts owed to Group undertakings are

repayable on demand.

Deferred income recognises contract liabilities arising from the Company’s revenue generating activities relating to payments received in advance of
performance delivered under a contract. These contract liabilities typically arise on revenue contracts billed in advance, where the performance
obligation is satisfied over time. The contract liability movement in the year represents these timing differences across contracts at each year end,
The following table sets out the revenue recognised in the current year that relates to carry forward contract liabilities and the liabilities recognised
in the current year which have been deferred to the next reporting period.

Contract liabilities relating to contracts with customers at start of period

Increase in contract liabilities for the period
Contract liabilities released

FY21 FY 20
£000 £000
1,060 -
1,952 1,150

(1,060) (90)
1,952 1,060

Unperformed balances represents the revenue that the Company will earn from customers when the Company satisfies the remaining performance
obligations in certain contracts. These mainly relate to multi-year contracts which range between 1 to 5 years in which software license and
implementation revenue is recognised over the license period. The following table sets out the aggregate amount of the contracted transaction price
allocated to performance obligations that are unsatisfied or partly satisfied at the year end date. Unperformed balances relating to contracts with an
expected original life of less than one year are not disclosed. Similarly, the Company has adopted the practical expedient not to disclose amounts
under longer term contracts in which the revenue is to be invoiced on agreed day rates. Revenue from unperformed performance obligations is

expected to be recognised in the following timeframes.

To be undertaken and recognised within one year

To be undertaken and recognised between one and three years

To be undertaken and recognised after three years

13 Non-current liabilities

Other non-current liabilities
Deferred income

14 Capital and reserves
Share capital

Allotted, called up and fully paid
1 ordinary share of £1 each

Shares classified in shareholders’ funds

FY21 FY 20
£000 £000
1,676 1,818
1,205 2,273

5 67
2,886 4,158

FY21 FY 20

£000 £000

46 9
304 -

350 9

FY 21 FY 20

£ £

1 1

1 1

The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of

the Company.

Page 23


===== page 26 =====
Alpha Data Solutions Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Notes (continued)
15 Related parties
Identity of related parties with which the Company has transacted

‘The Company has not engaged in any transactions with any related parties other than with wholly owned subsidiaries. These transactions have not
been disclosed as the Company has taken advantage of exemptions under FRS101

16 Ultimate parent company and parent company of larger Group
‘The Company is a subsidiary undertaking of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, incorporated in England and Wales. The ultimate controlling
party is Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple.

Both the largest and smallest Group in which the results of the Company are consolidated is that headed by Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple,
incorporated in England and Wales, The consolidated financial statements of the Group are available to the public and may be obtained from 60
Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB, or the website investors.alphafme.com.

Page 24
