

===== page 1 =====
Aiviq Limited
(Formerly Alpha Data Solutions Limited)
Annual report and financial statements

Registered number 11480862
31 March 2022

WON

A10 25/10/2022 #168
COMPANIES HOUSE

l

TUESDAY


===== page 2 =====
Aiviq Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Contents

Company information

Directors’ report

‘Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the Directors’ report and the financial statements
Independent auditor's report to the members of Aiviq Limited

Profit and loss account

Balance sheet

warKnane

Statement of changes in equity :
Notes


===== page 3 =====
Aiviq Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

‘Company Information

Directors ENB Fraser
JC Paton
GA Cook (Appointed 30 June 2022)
LJ Griggs (Appointed 30 October 2021)
NE Spencer (Resigned 30 October 2021)
L Radenovic (Resigned 19 January 2022)

‘Company number 11480862

Registered office 60 Gresham Street,
London,
EC2V 7BB

Auditor KPMG LLP
St Nicholas House,
31 Park Row,
Nottingham,
NGI 6FQ

Banker HSBC Bank UK
71 Queen Victoria Street,
London,
ECAV 4AY

Page 1


===== page 4 =====
Aivig Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Directors’ report
‘The Directors present their report and the audited financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022.

Principal activities

‘The principal activity of the Company is the provision of consulting related services and software products to clients inthe asset and wealth management
industries. The Company commenced trading in the comparative period.

Results and dividend

For the year ended 31 March 2022 (FY 22'), the Company recorded revenue of £3,036,000 (FY 21: £2,094,000). Loss after tax decreased to
£1,318,000 (FY 21: £1,361,000). This represents less progress than was planned for the Company in the year, following a lower-than-expected level
of new projects undertaken.

‘The results for the year are set out in the attached profit and loss account. The Directors have not recommended the payment of a final dividend (FY
‘21: £nil).

Future developments

The Directors are optimistic of improved financial performance in the coming year following a rebranding of the Company's operations in the UK,
from ADS to Aivig, and a promising pipeline of work going in to FY 23. Further, the Company have employed a new Head of Aivig to help refresh

and reinvigorate the Company's strategy. The Directors will continue to monitor the performance of the Company throughout the coming financial
period.

Following the end of the financial period, the Company was re-named from Alpha Data Solutions Ltd to Aiviq Limited, to align with the
aforementioned Company rebrand.

Directors

‘The Directors who held office during the year and at the date of this report were as follows:

ENB Fraser

J Paton

GA Cook (Appointed 30 June 2022)

LJ Griggs (Appointed 30 October 2021)
‘NE Spencer (Resigned 30 October 2021)
L Radenovic (Resigned 19 January 2022)

Political contributions

‘The Company made no political donations and incurred no political expenditure during the year.

Engagement with suppliers and customers

‘The Directors note the importance of fostering strong relationships with the Company's customers and suppliers through open communication and having regard
for these relationships in strategic decisions made relating to the Company.

Environmental reporting

In accordance with the Companies Act 2006 and HM Government's ‘Environmental Reporting Guidelines’, the Company has not re-disclosed those disclosures
required by the Company's environmental reporting responsibilities (including Streamlined Energy and Carbon reporting) on the basis thet this information is
available on our website in the Group's Annual Report & Accounts 2022 on pp.76-80.

‘FY 22 isthe financial year covering the 12 to 31 March 2022. By comparison, FY 21 is the previous financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2021; FY
23 is the subsequent financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2023,
Group refers to the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc and its subsidiaries.

Page 2


===== page 5 =====
Aivig Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Directors’ report (continued)

Disclosure of information to auditor

‘The Directors who held office at the date of approval of this Directors’ report confirm that, so far as they are each aware, there is no relevant audit information
of which the Company’s auditor is unaware; and each Director has taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as a Director to make themselves aware of
any relevant audit information and to establish that the Company's auditor is aware of that information.

Auditor
Pursuant to Section 487 of the Companies Act 2006, the auditor will be deemed to be reappointed and KPMG LLP will therefore continue in office.

By order ofthe Board.

C

John C Paton
Director

60 Gresham Street
London
EC2V 7BB

12 October 2022

Page 3


===== page 6 =====
Aivig Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the Directors’ report and the financial statements

‘The directors are responsible for preparing the Directors* Report and the financial statements in accordance with applicable law and regulations.

Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law they have elected to prepare the
financial statements in accordance with UK accounting standards and applicable law (UK Generally Accepted Accounting Practice), including
FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework.

Under company law the directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state
of affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for that period. In preparing these financial statements, the directors are
required to:

+ select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;
‘+ make judgements and estimates that arc reasonable and prudent;

+ state whether applicable UK accounting standards have been followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in the
financial statements;

‘+ assess the Company's ability to continue as a going concer, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concer; and

+ use the going concem basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.

‘The directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the Company's transactions and disclose with
reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies
Act 2006. They are responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have general responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to them to safeguard the
assets of the Company and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.

Under applicable law and regulations, the Directors are also responsible for preparing a Directors’ Report that complies with that law and those regulations.

The directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the corporate and financial information included on the Company's website. Legislation
in the UK governing the preparation and dissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.

Page 4


===== page 7 =====
Aiviq Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Aiviq Limited
Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of Aivig Limited (“the Company”) for the year ended 31 March 2022 which comprise the Profit and Loss account, Balance
sheet, Statement of changes in Equity and related notes, including the accounting policies in note 1.

In our opinion the financial statements:

* gives true and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs as at 31 March 2022 and of its loss for the year then ended;
‘have been properly prepared in accordance with UK accounting standards, including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework, and

‘+ havebeen prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006,

Basis for opinion

‘We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) ("ISAs (UK)") and applicable law. Our responsibilities are described below. We
have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and are independent of the Company in accordance with, UK ethical requirements including the FRC Ethical Standard,
‘We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis for our opinion.

Going concern

‘The directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concern basis as they do not intend to liquidate the Company or to cease its operations, and as they
have concluded that the Company's financial position means that this is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no material uncertainties that could have cast
significant doubt over its ability to continue as a going concem for at least a year from the date of approval of the financial statements (“the going concer period”.

In our evaluation of the directors’ conclusions, we considered the inherent risks to the Company's business model and analysed how those risks might affect the
‘Company's financial resources or ability to continue operations over the going concem period.

‘Our conclusions based on this work:
‘© we consider that the directors’ use of the going concem basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is appropriate;

© we have not identified, and concur with the directors’ assessment that there is not, a material uncertainty related to events or conditions that, individually or
collectively, may cast significant doubt on the Company's ability to continue as a going concem for the going concern period.

However, as we cannot predict all future evénts or conditions and as subsequent events may result in outcomes that are inconsistent with judgements that were
reasonable at the time they were made, the above conclusions are not a guarantee that the Company will continue in operation.

Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations — ability to detect
Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to fraud

To identify risks of material misstatement due to fraud (“fraud risks”) we assessed events or conditions that could indicate an incentive or pressure to commit fraud or
provide an opportunity to commit fraud, Our risk assessment procedures included:

‘+ Enquiring of directors as to the Company's high-level policies and procedures to prevent and detect fraud, as well as whether they have knowledge of any
actual, suspected or alleged fraud.

‘+ Reading Board minutes.

* Considering remuneration incentive schemes and performance targets for management and Directors.

‘* Using analytical procedures (o identify any unusual or unexpected rel
We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit team and remained alert to any indications of fraud throughout the audit.

jonships.

As required by auditing standards, we perform procedures to address the risk of management override of controls and the risk of fraudulent revenue recognition, in

particular the risk that revenue is recorded in the wrong period and the risk that management may be in a position to make inappropriate accounting entries, and the risk

of bias in accounting estimates and judgements such as share-based payment assumptions,

We did not identify any additional fraud risks.

We performed procedures including:

‘+ Adentifying journal entries to test based on risk eriteria and comparing the identified entries to supporting documentation. These included unusual pairings with a
credit or debit to an account below EBITDA and unusual joumals with a credit or debit entry to cash;

© Identifying revenue transactions to test based on unusual pairings with a credit or debit to revenue;

© Assessing significant accounting estimates for bias.

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to non-compliance with laws and regulations

We identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the financial statements from our general commercial and
sector experience, and through discussion with the directors and other management (as required by auditing standards), and discussed with the directors and other
management the policies and procedures regarding compliance with laws and regulations.

We communicated identified laws and regulations throughout our team and remained alert to any indications of non-compliance throughout the audit.

‘The potential effect of these laws and regulations on the financial statements varies considerably.

Firstly, the Company is subject to laws and regulations that directly affect the financial statements including financial reporting legislation (including related companies
legislation), distributable profits legislation and taxation legislation, and we assessed the extent of compliance with these laws and regulations as part of our procedures
‘on the related financial statement items.

Secondly, the Company is subject to many other laws and regulations where the consequences of non-compliance could have a material effect on amounts or disclosures
in the financial statements, for instance through the imposition of fines or litigation. We identified the following areas as those most likely to have such an effect: anti-
bribery and employment law recognising the financial nature of the Company's activities. Auditing standards limit the required audit procedures to identify non-
‘compliance with these laws and regulations to enquiry of the directors and other management and inspection of regulatory and legal correspondence, if any. Therefore
if a breach of operational regulations is not disclosed to us or evident from relevant correspondence, an audit will not detect that breach.

Page 5


===== page 8 =====
Aiviq Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022
Independent auditor’s report to the members of Aiviq Limited (continued)

Context of the ability of the audit to detect fraud or breaches of law or regulation

‘Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an unavoidable risk that we may not have detected some material misstatements in the financial statements, even
though we have properly planned and performed our audit in accordance with auditing standards. For example, the further removed non-compliance with laws and
regulations is from the events and transactions reflected in the financial statements, the less likely the inherently limited procedures required by auditing standards
‘would identify it.

In addition, as with any audit, there remained a higher risk of non-detection of fraud, as these may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations,
‘or the override of internal controls. Our audit procedures are designed to detect material misstatement. We are not responsible for preventing non-compliance or fraud
and cannot be expected to detect non-compliance with all laws and regulations

Directors? report

The directors are responsible for the directors’ report. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover this report and we do not express an audit opinion thereon,

Our responsibility is to read the directors’ report and, in doing so, consider whether, based on our financial statements audit work, the information therein is materially
‘misstated or inconsistent with the financial statements or our audit knowledge. Based solely on that work:

. we have not identified material misstatements in the directors’ report;

* in our opinion the information given in this report for the financial year is consistent with the financial statements; and

‘* in our opinion this report has been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception

Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:

* adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received from branches not visited by us; oF
© the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and retums; or

«certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or

. we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit; or

+ the directors were not entitled to take advantage of the small companies exemption from the requirement to prepare a strategic report.

We have nothing to report in these respects.

tors’ responsibilities

As explained more fully in their statement sct out on page 4, the directors are responsible for: the preparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied that they
give a true and fair view; such intemal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error; assessing the Company's ability to continue as a going concer, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concem; and using the
going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities

ur objectives are to obiain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error,
and to issue our opinion in an auditor's report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but does not guaranter that an audit conducted in accordance with
ISAs (UK) will always detect @ material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial statements,

A filler description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC’s website at www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities.

The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities

‘This report is made solely to the Company's members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been
undertaken so that we might state to the Company's members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no other purpose. To the
fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the Company’s members, as a body, for our audit
work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Ax

‘Cralg Parkdn (Senior Statutory Auditor)
for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
Chartered Accountants

St Nicholas House,

31 Park Row

Nottingham NG] 6FQ

13 October 2022

Page 6


===== page 9 =====
Aivig Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
Profit & loss account

for the year ended 31 March 2022
Year ended 31 Year ended 31
Note Mareh 2022 March 2021
£000 ° £000
Revenue 2 3,036 2,094
Cost of sales 3,45 556) (2522)
Gross (loss) / profit (520) (428)
‘Administrative expenses (1,392) (1485)
Operating loss (1,912) 913)
Other interest payable and simiar expense 6 - 0)
Loss before taxation 1,912) g14)
Taxation 7 ‘594 553
Loss for the financial year (1,318) 361)

In both the current and preceding year, the Company made no acquisitions and had no discontinued operations.

‘There were no recognised gains or losses in either the current or preceding year other than those disclosed in the profit and loss account, and therefore no separate
statement of other comprehensive income has been presented.

‘The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.

Page 7


===== page 10 =====
Balance sheet
As at 31 March 2022

Non-current assets

Tangible fixed assets
Capitalised implementation costs
Intangible fixed assets

Current assets
Debtors.
Cash at bank and in hand

Creditors: amounts falling due within one year
Deferred tax liability

Net current liabilities

Total assets less current liabilities

Non-current liabilities
Non-current liabilities

Net linbi

Capital and reserves
Called up share capital
Profit and loss account

Shareholders’ funds

Note

iW
12

As at

31 March 2022

£000" £000

29

142

181

352
698
774
1,472
6,372)
(44)
6,416)

3,944)

(3,592)

(256)

G,848)

(3,848)

3,848)

Aiviq Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022

As at

31 Mareh 2021

£000 £000

2B

159

644

826
957
526
1,483
(4489)
(4,489)

(3,006)

(2,180)

(350)

(2,530)

(2,530)

(2,530)

The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements, These financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of

Directors on 12 October 2022. They were signed on its behalf by:

;

John C Paton
Director

‘Company registered number: 11480862

Page 8


===== page 11 =====
Statement of changes in equity

As at 1 April 2020

Total comprehensive income for the period
Loss for the period

Transactions with owners
Dividends

As at 31 March 2021

Total comprehensive income for the period
Loss for the period

Transactions with owners
Dividends

As at 31 March 2022

‘The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.

Page 9

Aiviq Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
Total
Called up Profit and Shareholders’
share capital loss account funds
£000 £000 2000
: (1,169) (1,169)
- (1,361) (1,361)

- (2,530) (2,530)

. (1,318) (1,318)
- G,848) 3,848)



===== page 12 =====
Aivig Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Notes

(forming part of the financial statements)

1 Accounting policies

Aiviq. Limited (the “Company”) is @ Company limited by shares, domiciled and registered in the UK. The registered number is

11480862 and the registered address is 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB.

‘These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework (‘FRS 101").

In preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement and disclosure requirements of International Financial Reporting,
‘Standards (“Adopted IFRSs"), but makes amendments where necessary in order to comply with Companies Act 2006 and has set out below where advantage
of the FRS 101 disclosure exemptions has been taken. Further, in accordance with Section 414A (2) and 414B (b) of the Companies Act 2006, the Company has
taken the exemption from preparing a strategic report.

‘The Company's ultimate parent undertaking, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, includes the Company in its consolidated financial statements. The

consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc are available (o the public and may be obtained from 60 Gresham Street, London,
EC2V 7BB.

In these financial statements, the Company has applied the exemptions available under FRS 101 in respect of the following disclosures:
+ acash flow statement and related notes;
‘+ comparative period reconciliations for share capital, tangible fixed assets, intangible assets and investment properties; :
‘+ disclosures in respect of transactions with wholly owned subsidiaries;
«disclosures in respect of capital management;
«the effects of new but not yet effective IFRSs;
+ disclosures in respect of the compensation of Key Management Personnel; and
+ disclosures of transactions with a management entity that provides key management personnel services to the Company.
As the consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc include the equivalent disclosures, the Company has also taken the
exemptions under FRS 101 available in respect of the following disclosures:
+ TFRS2 Share Based Payments in respect of group settled share based payments; and
* certain disclosures required by IFRS 16 Leases in relation to disclosure of the company’s leasing activities.
+ certain disclosures required by IFRS 3 Business Combinations in respect of business combinations undertaken by the Company.

‘The accounting policies set out below have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods presented in these financial statements.

Ld Basis of preparation

‘These financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost basis, except for certain financial instruments that are measured at fair value.

‘The presentational currency of these financial statements and the functional currency of the Company is pounds sterling. All amounts in these financial
‘statements have been rounded to the nearest £1,000, unless stated otherwise.

12 Significant judgements and estimates
‘The preparation of financial information in accordance with IFRS requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application
of accounting policies and reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses.

The Directors have made one judgement, excluding those involving estimations, inthe process of applying the Company’s accounting policies that

are considered to have a significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements for the period ending 31 March 2021.

Revenue recognition

The Directors note that the process of revenue recognition in the Company requires a judgement to be made on the identification of distinct performance
obligations under the Company's software contracts with customers. These contracts comprisc software fees and other related services, which customers can
access over the life ofthe contract, in line with related performance obligations. Interpretation of the terms of these contracts determine whether the performance
obligation is satisfied over time or ata point in time. For further information on the accounting policy implemented by the Company, please refer to section 1.11
below. :

‘The Directors have identified the following area as the key estimate that is considered to have a significant risk of resulting in a material adjustment to the
carrying amounts of assets or liabilities within the next financial year.

Impairment of capitalised development expenditure

‘The Company determines whether capitalised development costs should be impaired on at least an annual basis. This requires an estimate of the value in use
of the CGU to which the costs have been allocated, To estimate the value in use, the Company estimates the expected future cash flows from the CGU and
discounts to their present value. Forecasting expected cash flows and selecting appropriate discount rates inherently requires estimation. Based on the forecasted
cash flows and sensitivity analysis performed there is no reasonably possible outcome where an impairment charge is required at year end. However itis
considered appropriate to disclose this as an area of significant estimation due to the size of the balance, the heightened uncertainty due to the residual market
‘uncertainty due to the ongoing COVID-19 environment, and the fact that it could change as a result of future events over the next several years

13 Going concern
In assessing the Company's ability to continue on a going concem basis fora period of at least 12 months from the approval of these financial statements (the “going
‘concem period”), the Directors considered the Company’s projected cash flows, access to intercompany funding from other Group entities, cash liquidity and existing
undrawn borrowing facilities.

Notwithstanding net current liabilities of £3,944,000 as et 31 March 2022, the financial statements of this trading company have been prepared on a going
‘concem basis. The Directors consider this to be appropriate on the basis of cash flow forecasts prepared for the wider Group, which support the ability of the
‘Company to operate as a going concer. The Group prepared cash flow forecasts covering the going concem period. The Directors of the Group considered
the principal risks and mitigants and analysed a range of cash flow downside scenarios including a “reverse-stress test” scenario. This models the decline in
sales that the Group would be able to absorb over the going concem period before utilising all of the existing cash reserves available. The Directors consider
this scenario and the sequence of events that could lead to it to be remote, as it requires annualised revenue reductions of close to 40% compared to the base
‘case, before modelling any mitigating actions, including cost reductions. Refer to p 136 of the Group’s ‘Annual Report & Accounts 2022" for further detail of,
these forecasts.

Page 10


===== page 13 =====
Aivig Limited
Annual report and financial statements,
31 March 2022
Notes (continued)
13 Going Concern (continued)
‘The ability of the Company to settle its liabilities as they fall due within the going concem period is dependent on the Company's ultimate parent company, Alpha
Financial Markets Consulting Ple not secking repayment of the amounts currently due to other companies controlled by the Group, which at 31 March 2022 amounted
to £3,635,000. The Company also has access to additional funding through other Group entities, via the Group's revolving credit facility and the strength of the Group's
i reliance on other group entities
for financial support, the Directors acknowledge that there can be no certainty that this support will continue although, at the date of approval of these financial
‘statements, they have no reason to believe that it will not do so.

‘After careful consideration, the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company's existing resources, supplemented by the support of the wider Group, are
‘adequate to meet its requirements over the going concem period. On this basis, the Directors consider that itis appropriate to adopt the going concem basis in preparing
the financial statements,

Ld Foreign currency

‘The company's functional and presentational currency is GBP.

‘Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the Company's functional currencies at the foreign exchange rate ruling at the date of the transaction.
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the balance sheet date are retranslated to the functional currency at the foreign exchange
rate ruling at that date, Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange
rate at the date of the transaction. Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are stated at fair value are retranslated to the
functional currency at foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates the fair value was determined. Foreign exchange differences arising on translation are recognised
in the profit and loss,

41S Financial instruments

‘The Company uses financial instruments comprising cash and cash equivalents and other short-term instruments, such as trade payables that arise
from its operations. The main purpose of these financial instruments isto fund the Group’s business strategy and working capital requirements.

Accounting policies in respect of financial instruments are outlined below.

Financial assets
Financial assets are intially measured at fair value plus or minus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs. The
‘Company has not reclassified any financial assets subsequent to initial recognition as at the balance sheet date, Reclassification of classes of financial assets is
accounted for prospectively in accordance with IFRS 9, where this is required. Any difference on reclassification from amortised cost to fair value through profit
‘or loss is recognised in the profit and loss atthe reclassification date.

Financial assets are assessed at each reporting date to determine a lifetime expected credit loss that reflects the credit risk associated with the portfolio of assets.
‘A financial asset is impaired in line with the simplified approach under IFRS 9 which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance.

‘An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured at amortised cost is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the present value
of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the asset’s original effective interest rate. For financial instruments measured at cost less impairment, impairment
is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the best estimate of the amount that the Company would receive forthe asset if it were to be sold
at the reporting date. Interest on the impairment asset continues to be recognised through the unwinding of the discount, Impairment losses are recognised in
profit or loss. When a subsequent event causes the amount of the impairment to decrease, the decrease in impairment loss is reversed through profit and loss
account.

Trade and other debtors

‘Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less provision for impairment. A provision for
pairment of trade receivables is established when there is objective evidence that the Company will not be able to collect all amounts due according to the
original terms of the receivables. The provision is recognised in the income statement as an operating charge.

‘The trade receivables’ balances recorded in the Company's statement of financial position comprise a relatively small number of large balances and

are held until realised in cash.

Alpha provides services to customers on credit terms with mainly arrears billing. Certain receivables may not be paid. The Company applies the IFRS 9
simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables. To measure expected credit
losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on shared credit characteristics and the days past due. The Company consider historical loss rates for each
ageing category as a starting point for estimating the expected credit loss. This historical loss rate is subsequently adjusted for macro-economic and customer
specific factors of receivables within each ageing category. Characteristics considered by the Company for these purposes include historical collection experience
for each customer, the assessed liquidity of key customers within the receivables balance, and other relevant macro-economic factors in order to determine @
reasonable and supportable assessment of the expected lifetime credit risk in the context of the overall year-end trade receivables due.

Amounts owed by Group undertakings
‘Amounts owed by Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less provision for impairment. A
provision for impairment of intercompany receivables is established using an expected credit loss model. The Group classifies all intercompany receivables
that form a part of the normal trading cycle of the Group as current, as well as non-trading balances where the counterparty has sufficient resources to settle
the balance within a twelve-month period from the balance sheet date. All other amounts owed by Group undertakings are considered as non-current assets.
This represents a change in accounting policy in the year. All balances were considered current in the comparative period.

Cash and cash equivalents
‘Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and call deposits and are recorded and subsequently measured at amortised cost in line with IFRS 9.

Financial liabilities

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition as
at fair value through profit or loss. Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are acquired for the purpose of selling in the near term. This
category includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Company that are not designated as hedging instruments in hedge relationships as defined
by IFRS 9. As at 31 March 2022, the Company had no such financial liabilities.

Other financi

ities held by the Group are recognised at amortised cost.

Page 11


===== page 14 =====
Aivig Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Notes (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)
LS Financial instruments (continued)

Trade and other creditors

‘Trade and other creditors are recognised
interest method.

ally at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition they are measured at amortised cost using the effective

Amounts owed to Group undertakings

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are recognised i
Leases

‘The Company leases office premises for use in operations. In line with the practical expedients defined below, all office leases held by the company are
outside of the scope of IFRS 16 in the current and prior period.

tially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost.

The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not

bbe used as security for borrowing purposes.

‘The Company has used the practical expedients permitted by IFRS 16 in relation to accounting for leases with a remaining lease term of less than 12 months as at 1
April 2021 as ‘short-term leases’, and those with a low value as ‘low value leases’. Consequently, no lease liability or right-of-use asset was calculated thereon.
These leases are expensed in the statement of profit and loss. The Company has also used the practical expedient permitted by IFRS 16 to apply # single discount
rate to a portfolio of leases with reasonably similar characteristics.

16 Tangible fixed assets

All property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost (or deemed historical cost) less accumulated depreciati
purchase price of the asset and the costs attributable to bringing the asset to its working condition for its intended use.

n. Cost includes the original

Depreciation is provided on all property, plant and equipment at rates calculated to write each asset down to its estimated residual value on a straight-
line basis at the following annual rates:

Computer equipment 3 years straight

Usefiul economic lives and estimated residual values are reviewed annually and adjusted as appropriate.

17 Intangible assets
Internally developed intangible assets
Capitalised development costs represcnt the costs incurred in the development of enhancements to internally-gencrated software,

‘A useful economic life of 3 years has been deemed appropriate based on the expected project lifecycle in development of new software. The amortisation charge
is recognised in administrative expenses within the profit and loss account

18 Impairment (non-financial assets)

‘The carrying amounts of the entity’s non-financial assets, other than deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether there is any
indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the assets” recoverable amount is estimated. The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating
unit is the greater of its value in use and its fair value, less costs to sell, In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present
value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset.

For the purposes of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates independent
cash inflows (the “cash-generating unit”); that is, cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or groups
of assets.

‘An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable amount. Impairment losses are recognised

in profit or loss. Impairment losses are allocated between the carrying amounts of assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro-rata basis as a reduction inthe
value of the asset.

An impairment loss is reversed if and only ifthe reasons for the impairment have ceased to apply.

Impairment losses recognised in prior periods are assessed at cach reporting date for any indication that the loss has decreased or no longer exists. An impairment
loss is only reversed to the extent that the asset's carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or
amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

19 Employee benefits

Defined contribution plans

A defined contribution plan is « post-employment benefit plan under which the Company pays fixed contributions into a separate entity and will have no legal
‘of constructive obligation to pay further amounts. Obligations for contributions to defined contribution pension plans are recognised as an expense in the profit
and loss account in the periods during which services are rendered by employees.

Share-based payments

‘The cost of share-based employee compensation arrangements, whereby employees receive remuneration in the form of shares or share options, is recognised as
‘an employee benefit expense in the statement of profit or loss.

‘The total expense to be apportioned over the vesting period of the benefit is determined by reference to the fair value (excluding the effect of non market-based
vesting conditions) at the date of grant.

In determining the fair value of share-based payments under IFRS 2, management has considered a number of intemal and extemal factors in order to judge the
probability that management and employee share incentives may vest. Such judgements involve estimating future performance and other non market-based
factors.

Page 12


===== page 15 =====
Aiviq Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Notes (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)
19 Employee benefits (continued)
Defined contribution plans

‘A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which the Company pays fixed contributions into a separate entity and will have no legal
‘or constructive obligation to pay further amounts. Obligations for contributions to defined contribution pension plans are recognised as an expense in the profit
and loss account in the periods during which services are rendered by employees.

Share-based payments

“The cost of share-based employee compensation arrangements, whereby employees receive remuneration in the form of shares or share options, is recognised as
‘an employee benefit expense in the statement of profit or loss.

‘The total expense to be apportioned over the vesting period of the benefit is determined by reference tothe fair value (excluding the effect of non market-based
vesting conditions) at the date of grant.

In determining the fair value of share-based payments under IFRS 2, management bas considered a number of internal and external factors in order to judge the
probability that management and employee share incentives may vest. Such judgements involve estimating future performance and other non market-based
factors.

At the end of each reporting period the assumptions underlying the number of awards expected to vest are adjusted for the effects of non-market- based vesting
conditions to reflect the conditions prevailing at that date. The impact of any revisions to the original estimates is recognised in the statement of profit or loss,
with a corresponding adjustment to equity. Fair value is measured by the use of a binomial model. The assumptions have been adjusted, based on management's
best estimate, for the effects of non-transferability, lack of dividend until vesting and exercise restrictions.

‘The fair value calculations have been extemally assessed as reasonable in the circumstances.
‘After vesting, the Group satisfies share option exercises either through the issuance of new ordinary shares, or through the transfer of existing shares held in the
‘Company's EBT to the employee. Any share options not exercised upon vesting remain outstanding until the end of the contracted exercise period.

Regarding the share-based payments charge relating to employees of the Company, there is an intra-group recharge arrangement with the Company's ultimate
parent undertaking, to reflect the benefits received by the respective entity in relation to employees granted share options.

‘The Company is considered to be the receiving entity in the arrangement, in line with the benefit received for services provided through ongoing employment.
‘The Company's ultimate parent undertaking is deemed to be the settling entity in the intra-Group arrangement, as share options granted are in relation to
ordinary shares of the parent, and recognises the share-based payments charge for the full Group in other reserves.

Amounts relating to employees who provide services directly to the Company are recorded within the profit and loss account in the form of a management
recharge.

‘The Company's management and employees have access to an equity settled share-based payment arrangement for new employecs which forms a part of the
wider schemes offered across the Group, which are settled in Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Pic shares. The Company offers two distinct schemes, the
‘Management Incentive Plan’ (MIP) and the ‘Employee Incentive Plan’ (BIP). These are described below:

The Management Incentive Plan (“MIP
‘The Company has a MIP to retain and incentivise the Directors and senior management.

‘Options granted in the current and prior years to the Directors and senior management of the Company are subject to the fulfilment of two or more performance
‘conditions determined by the Group's remuneration committee.

‘MIP awards have either nil exercise price payable (or no more than a nominal purchase price payable) in order to acquire shares pursuant to options. MIP
awards have either 3- or 4-year vesting periods from the date of grant and can be equity-settled only.

The Employee Incentive Plan (“EIP”)
Under the ETP, a broad base of the Group's employees have been granted share options or share awards over a small number of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Plc shares. The EIP has been structured as is most appropriate under the local tax, legal and regulatory rules.

Further disclosure of these schemes is provided within the Group's consolidated 2021 Annual Report & Accounts, and the share-based payment arrangement
concems equity instruments of the Company's ultimate parent company, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, and therefore the Directors have applied
disclosure exemptions for the subsidiary accounts as permitted under FRS 101.

4110 Provisions

Provisions are distinct from other liabilities as there is uncertainty over the timing or amount of the cash outflow required to settle the liability. Provisions are measured
at the present value of the expenditure expected to be required to settle the obligation. These are discounted to present value using an appropriate pre-tax discount rate,
where the time value of money is material.

Page 13


===== page 16 =====
Aivig Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
Notes (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

Lu Revenue recognition

Revenue consists of the value of work executed for clients during the year and expenses recharged, exclusive of VAT. Revenue is classified into net fee income
and recharged expenses. Net fee income is measured based on the transaction price allocated to the performance obligation from the sale of goods or provision
‘of services. Net fee income is recognised either ata ‘point in time’ when the performance obligation in the contract has been performed or ‘over time” as control
‘of the goods or services are transferred to the customer. Recharged expenses comprise the recharge of costs incidental to fulfiling contracts including flights,
subsistence and accommodation on which nil or negligible margin is eamed by the Company. The Company delivers services that have no alternative use to
Alpha (advice to clients, reports, etc.) as the services are specifically tailored to clients’ projects and scope of work.

Revenue generated from software licensing, hosting and related support services provided over a contracted period of time is combined and allocated toa
single performance obligation. These contracts are considered to be satisfied over time, in line with the benefits being transferred to the customer. Revenue
is recognised on straight-line basis over the contractual license term.

Implementation services provided by the Company to the customer are classified as cither being distinct performance obligations or non-istinct from the
licensing and hosting promises described above, dependent on the fact pattem within the underlying contractual arrangement. The Company considers the level
of inter-dependency between the contractual promises, and whether the customer can consume the benefits of the licence without the implementation service
being performed. Where implementation services are required for the customer to use the software, these services are considered to be non-distinct from the
licensing performance obligation. Therefore, the Company accounts for these as a single performance obligation satisfied over the licence term, as described
‘above. The Company generally considers the initial phase of implementation to be non-distinct from the associated licence. The Company typically bills and
receives cash for these implementation services in advance of the revenue being recognised, resulting in the recognition of a contract liability,

Costs directly related to non-distinct implementation work that are incurred prior to the commencement of the licence are initially recognised as an asset and arc
subsequently amortised through cost of sales on a systematic basis, in line with the transfer of goods or services to the customer.

Other distinct implementation services, as well as separately billable maintenance, support, data assurance and training are treated as separate performance
obligations and revenue is recognised as these services are delivered.

‘Contract modifications relating to the renewal of software licences are accounted for as separate revenue contracts. Other contract modifications are considered
ona case by case basis.

Activity performance recognised as revenue in excess of invoices raised are contract receivables and are included within accrued income, up to the value of the
relevant project delivery milestone, where applicable. On invoicing, the contract receivable is reclassified to trade receivables. Where amounts have been
invoiced in excess of revenue recognised, the excess is a contract liability and is included within deferred income.

In relation to licencing contracts, billing occurs at the beginning of the contractual licence period or incrementally over the course of the licence, in line with the
‘contractual terms. For implementation services, billing typically occurs a month in arrears in line with a contractually agreed schedule.

Revenue is wholly attributable to the principal activities of the Company. For all revenue types, payment is typically due between 30 and 60 days after the invoice
date or receipt of invoice, depending on the client and geography.

LIZ Cost of sales

Cost of sales is defined by management as the direct costs associated with the generation of the Company's revenue,
subsistence and travel that are directly attributable to the delivery of services and supporting growth.

With regard to the Company’s software licensing arrangements, costs directly related to non-distinct implementation work that are incurred prior to the
commencement of the licence are initially recognised as an asset and are subsequently amortised through cost of sales on a systematic basis, in line with the
transfer of goods or services to the customer.

Juding staff payroll and contractor costs,

113 Expenses

Interest receivable and interest payable
Interest payable and similar expenses include interest payable, unwinding of the discount on provisions, and discount unwinding associated with leases within
the scope of IFRS 16. Other interest receivable and similar income include interest receivable on funds invested and net foreign exchange gains.

Interest income and interest payable is recognised in profit or loss as it accrues, using the effective interest method.

114 Taxation

Tax on the profit or loss for the year comprises current tax. Tax is recognised in the profit and loss account except to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly
in equity or other comprehensive income, in which case it is recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive income.

Current tax isthe expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date,
and any adjustment to tax peyable in respect of previous years.

LIS New accounting standards and interpretations
‘The following changes in accounting policies were applied by the Company in these financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022. These included
the adoption of new standards and interpretations described below.

‘Tho Intemational Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) have issued the following standards, amendments and
{interpretations which are now effective:

'* Interest Rate Benchmark Reform — Phase 2 - (Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16), effective from 1 January 2021;
© COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021 (Amendment to IFRS 16), effective from 1 January 2021;

‘The Directors reviewed the nature and effect of these new standards on the Company and noted no material impact on the financial stalements for the year
ended 31 March 2022,

‘The Directors have considered new standards and interpretation s thet have been issued but not yet becn effective, however have applied the exemption not to
disclose this information under FRS 101.

Page 14


===== page 17 =====
Notes (continued)

2 Revenue

Rendering of services
Rechargeable expenses

By activity
Provision and implementation of software and related services

3 Auditor's remuneration

Audit of these financial statements

Aivig Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
FY22 FY21
£000 £000
3,036 2,094
3,036 2,094
FY22 FY 21
£000 £000
3,036 2,094
FY22 FY 21
£000 £000
32 21

Amounts receivable by the Company's auditor and its associates in respect of services to the Company and its associates, other than the audit ofthe Company's
financial statements, have not been disclosed as the information is required instead to be disclosed on a consolidated basis in the consolidated financial statements

of the Company’s ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc.

4 Staff numbers and costs

‘The average number of persons employed by the Company (including Directors) during the year, analysed by category, was as follows:

Administrative
Sales

‘The aggregate payroll costs of these persons were as follows:

Wages and salaries
Social security costs
Contributions to defined contribution plans

Number of employees

FY22 FY 21

1 1

16 7

17 18
FY2 FY21
£000 id £000
1,972 1498
254 209
43 26
2,269 1,733

‘At the year end, 382,436 (FY 21: 376,1 14) share options over the equity in Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple, the parent company, remained outstanding
to the Company's management and employees. The weighted average remaining contractual period to vest for outstanding share options is 2 years. All share
‘options outstanding at the year end date have a nominal exercise price. During the year no share options vested (FY 21: 187,500), however 31,250 options that
vested in the comparative period were exercised at nominal value. The Company has incurred a charge to the profit & loss account in FY 22 of £289,955 (FY
21: £175,690) relating to these schemes under IFRS 2 for employees and management that provide direct services to the Company.

Page 15


===== page 18 =====
Notes (continued)

5 Directors' remuneration

Directors’ remuneration ?
‘Company contributions to money purchase pension plan

Retirement benefits are accruing to the following number of Directors under:

Money purchase schemes
‘Long term share incentive plan

‘The aggregate of remuneration and amounts receivable under Company long term incentive schemes of the highest paid Director was £170,000 (FY 21: £308,000).
Amounts paid or payable to the Company's Directors through the Company's parent undertakings have been excluded from the above disclosure and included wi

iq Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
FY22 FY 21
£000 £000
285 452
uw 12

Number of Directors

FY22 FY 21
2 2
2 2

the disclosures of other Group companies, on the basis that their services are predominantly provided to the other Group companies.

6 Other interest payable and similar expense

Interest payable

Total interest payable and similar expense

7 Taxation

Recognised in the profit and loss account '

Current tax

Current tax on income for the period
Group relief payable/(receivable)
Adjustments in respect of prior periods

Total current tax

Deferred tax

Origination and reversal of timing differences
Effect of tax rate change on opening balances
Adjustments in respect of prior periods

FY22 FY 21
£000 £000
- 1
- 1
FY22 FY 21
£000 £000 £000 £000
- (342)
251) -
87) uy
(638) (953)
(90) -
32 -
102
44 :
(594) (553)

2 For FY 22, tho methodology for determining directon’ remuneration for the year has been modified to include the bonus accrued in respect of FY 22, instead ofthe bonus that was paid during

the year, Directors' remuneration for FY 21 includes the bonus that was paid during the year and has not been restated.

Page 16


===== page 19 =====
Aiviq Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
Notes (continued)
7 Taxation (continued)
Reconciliation of effective tax rate
FY 22 FY 21
£000 £000
Loss for the year 4,318) (1,361)
Total tax income (594) (553)
Loss excluding taxation (1,912) (1,914)
‘Tax using the UK corporation tax rate of 19% (FY 21: 19%) 363) (364)
Fixed asset differences 0) -
Expenses not deductible for tax purposes 40 38
Group relief surrendered 251 -
Receipt of group relief (2st) -
Adjustments in respect of prior periods (87) (228)
Adjustments in respect of prior periods (deferred tax) 102 :
Deferred tax not recognised 5 1
Remeasurement of deferred tax for changes in tax rates u :
Total tax income (594) (553)

‘An increase in the UK corporation tax rate from 19% to 25% (effective 1 April 2023) was substantively enacted on 24 May 2021. Once effective, this change
‘would increase the Company's future current tax charge accordingly.
‘On 23 September 2022, the UK Government announced revised plans to hold the rate of UK corporation tax at 19%, cancelling the previous plans to increase

the rate to 25% from | April 2023. This revised plan has not yet been substantively enacted and has no impact on the current or deferred tax charge in the
year ended 31 March 2022.

8 Tangible fixed assets
Computer
equipment
£000
Cost
Balance at 1 April 2021 45
Additions 26
Disposals @
67
Depreciation and impairment
Balance at 1 April 2021 (22)
Depreciation charge for the year (9)
Disposals 3
G8)
Net book value
At 31 March 2022 29
At 31 March 2021 23

Page 17


===== page 20 =====
Aiviq Limited

Annual report and financial statements

Notes (continued)
9 Intangible assets

Cost
At the start of the year
Additions

At the end of the year - total
Amortisation

At the start of the year
Charge for the year

At the end of the year - total

Net book value

Capitalised development costs

31 March 2022

Capitalised
development costs

£000

1,391

1,391

(746)
(464)

(1,210)

181

__ Capitalised development costs represent the costs incurred in the development enhancements to the 360 Sales Vista software product within Aiviq Limited.
‘A.useful economic life of 3 years has been deemed appropriate based on expected project lifecycte in development of new software.
‘The amortisation charge is recognised in administrative expenses within the profit and loss account. There is an average of 0.6 years remaining to be amortised

for the capitalised development costs in relation to the development of software.

10 Fixed asset investments

At 31 March 2022 & 31 March 2021

Country of Registered Principal activity

Subsidiary undertakings Incorporation _ address 3
Obsidian Alpha Data Solutions LLC Serbia 1 ‘Consultancy services
Notes:

1, Belgrade, Serbia at Bulevar kralja Aleksandra no.52

Shares in
Group undertakings
£000

Class and = Class and
percentage of percentage of
shares held- shares held -
1 March 2022 31 March 2021

100% ordinary 100% ordinary

i Debtors
FY22 FY 21
£000 £000
Trade debtors 306 B
Capitalised implementation costs 203 185
Prepayments and accrued income 44 60
Amounts owed by Group undertakings 145 639
698 957

‘Amounts owed by Group undertakings are interest free and are repayable on demand.
‘The Directors are satisfied that all outstandit
owed by Group undertakings was immaterial in both the current and prior year.

‘amounts from subsidiary group undertakings are recoverable. Expected credit losses in relation to amounts

Amounts relating to the capitalisation of non-distinct software implementation costs, incurred in advance of the commencement of the client's licence period, are

recognised in current and non-current assets. Non-current capitalised implementation costs of £142,000 are presented on the face

of the balance sheet. These current

and non-current implementation assets in relation to contracts are amortised over an expected life equivalent to the contracted licence period. Amortisation recognised
{nthe period in respect of these costs amounted to £211,000 (FY 21: £167,000). No impairment was deemed necessary in the period. No significant judgements have

been made in determining the amount of costs to be capit

Page 18

ised, which primarily comprise costs within scope of LAS 19 Employee Benefits.


===== page 21 =====
Aiviq Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
Notes (continued)
12 Cash and cash equivalents
FY22 FY21
£000 £000
Cash and cash equivalents 14 526
Closing balance 714 526
13 Creditors: amounts falling due within one year
Fy22 FY21
£000 £000
Trade creditors 380 65
Amounts owed to Group undertakings 3,635 3,561
“Taxation and social security 148 174
Accruals and deferred income 1,123 682
Social security tax on share options 86 7
5,372 4,489

Amounts owed to Group undertakings are either interest-bearing or non-interest-bearing depending on the type of the creditor relationship and local regulatory
requirements, At the balance sheet date none of these balances are interest-bearing. All amounts owed to Group undertakings are repayable on demand,

Deferred income recognises contract liabilities arising from the Company's revenue generating activities relating to payments received in advance of performance
delivered under a contract. These contract liabilities typically arise on revenue contracts billed in advance, where the performance obligation is satisfied over time.
‘The contract liability movement in the year represents these timing differences across contracts at each year end. The following table sets out the revenue recognised
in the current year that retates to carry forward contract liabilities and the liabilities recognised in the current year which have been deferred to the next reporting
period.

FY22 FY21
£000 £000

Contract liabilities relating to contracts with customers at start of period 1,952 1,060
Increase in contract liabilities for the period 1,059 1,952,
Contract liabilities released (1,952) (1,060)
1,059 1,952

‘Unperformed balances represents the revenue that the Company will eam from customers when the Company satisfies the remaining performance obligations in certain
contracts. These mainly relate to multi-year contracts which range between | to 5 years in which software license and implementation revenue is recognised over the
license period. The following table sets out the aggregate amount of the contracted transaction price allocated to performance obligations that are unsatisfied or partly
satisfied at the year end date. Unperformed balances relating to contracts with an expected original life of less than one year are not disclosed. Similarly, the Company
has adopted the practical expedient not to disclose amounts under longer term contracts in which the revenue is to be invoiced on agreed day rates, Revenue from
unperformed performance obligations is expected to be recognised in the following timeframes.

FY22 FY21
£000 £000

To be undertaken and recognised within one year 1,178 1,676
To be undertaken and recognised between one and three years 1,674 1,205
To be undertaken and recognised after three years 918 5
3,770 2,886

Page 19



===== page 22 =====
Aiviq Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Notes (continued)

14 Non-current liabilities
FY22 FY 2
£000 . £000
Accruals a4 :
Deferred income 165 304
Social security tax on share options o 4%
256 350
15 Deferred tax assets and liabilities
Recognised deferred tax assets and liabilities
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are attributable to the following:
Assets Liabilities Net
Fy22FY21 Fv22 FY 21 FY2 FY21
£000 £000 £000 £000 2000 £000
‘Accelerated capital allowances - - 45 : 45 :
Other 0) - - : o :
Net deferred tax (assets) / liabilities a : 45 : “4 :

‘An increase in the UK corporation tax rate from 19% to 25% (effective 1 April 2023) was substantively enacted during the year on 24 May 2021. This rate has
been reflected in the calculation of deferred tax assets and liabilities as at 31 March 2022.

‘On 23 September 2022, the UK Goverment announced revised plans to hold the rate of UK corporation tax at 19%, cancelling the previous plans to increase the

rate to 25% from 1 April 2023. This revised plan has not yet been substantively enacted and has no impact on the current or deferred tax charge in the year ended
31 March 2022.

16 Capital and reserves
Share capital
Fy22 FY21
£ £
Allotted, called up and fully paid
1 ordinary share of £1 each 1 1

‘The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the
Company.

17 Related Parties

Identity of related parties with which the Company has transacted

‘The Company has not engaged in any transactions with any related parties other than with wholly owned subsidiaries. These transactions have not been disclosed
as the Company has taken advantage of exemptions under FRS 101.

18 Ultimate parent company and parent company of larger Group

‘The Company is a subsidiary undertaking of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, incorporated in England and Wales. The ultimate controlling party is
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple.

Both the largest and smallest Group in which the results of the Company are consolidated is that headed by Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple,
incorporated in England and Wales. The consolidated financial statements of the Group are available to the public and may be obtained from 60 Gresham.
‘Street, London, EC2V 7BB, or the website investors.alphafime.com.

Page 20

