

===== page 1 =====
Aiviq Limited

Annual report and financial statements

COMPANIES HOUSE


===== page 2 =====
Aivig Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023,

Contents

Company information 1
Directors’ report 2
Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the Directors’ report and the financial statements 4
Independent auditor's report to the members of Aiviq Limited 5
Profit and loss account 8
Balance sheet 9
Statement of changes in equity 10
Notes to the financial statements 1


===== page 3 =====
Company Information

Directors

Company number

Registered office

Auditor

Banker

JC Paton

LJ Griggs

GA Cook (appointed 30 June 2022)
ENB Fraser (resigned 31 March 2023)

11480862

60 Gresham Street,
London,

United Kingdom,
EC2V 7BB

KPMG LLP
EastWest
Tollhouse Hill
Nottingham
NG1 5FS

HSBC Bank UK

71 Queen Victoria Street
London

EC4V 4AY

Page 1


===== page 4 =====
Aivig Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Directors’ report
The Directors present their report and the audited financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2023.
Principal activities

The principal activity of the Company is the provision of consulting related services and software products to
clients in the asset and wealth management industries.

Results and dividend

For the year ended 31 March 2023 (FY 231), the Company recorded revenue of £3,375,000 (FY 22:
£3,036,000). Loss after tax decreased to £1,084,000 (FY 22: £1,318,000). This represents an increasing client
base in the year, and continued focus on building further scale, as well as reduced discretionary expenditure
in the year. The Company remains in a net current liabilities position at 31 March 2023, primarily driven by
amounts owed to other Group? entities, with the Company also holding £1,110,000 (FY 22: £774,000) of cash
for ongoing operations.

The Directors have not recommended the payment of a final dividend (FY 22: £nil).

Future developments

The Directors are optimistic of further improved financial performance in the coming year, whilst
remaining mindful of the continuing macro-economic uncertainty. Aiviq continues to present an attractive
data solutions and protect proposition for asset managers and continues to add clients. The Directors
see further potential in this offering.

Directors

The Directors who held office during the year and at the date of this report were as follows:
JC Paton

LJ Griggs

GA Cook (Appointed 30 June 2022)
ENB Fraser (Resigned 31 March 2023)

Political contributions
The Company made no political donations and incurred no political expenditure during the year (FY 22: Enil).
Engagement with suppliers and customers

The Directors note the importance of fostering strong relationships with the Company's customers and suppliers
through open communication and having regard for these relationships in strategic decisions made relating to
the Company.

Environmental reporting

In accordance with the Companies Act 2006 and HM Government's ‘Environmental Reporting Guidelines’, the
Company has not repeated those disclosures required in relation to the Company's environmental reporting
responsibilities (including Streamlined Energy and Carbon reporting) on the basis that this information is
available on our website in the Group's Annual Report & Accounts 2023 on pp 40-41.

Disclosure of information to auditor

The Directors who held office at the date of approval of this Directors’ report confirm that, so far as they are each
aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the Company's auditor is unaware; and each Director has
taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as a Director to make themselves aware of any relevant audit
information and to establish that the Company's auditor is aware of that information.

1 Fy 23 is the financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2023. By comparison, FY 22 is the previous financial year
covering the 12 months to 31 March 2022. FY 24 is the subsequent financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2024.

2 Group refers to the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting pic, and its subsidiaries.

Page 2


===== page 5 =====
Aivig Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Directors’ report (continued)
Auditor

Pursuant to Section 487 of the Companies Act 2006, the auditor will be deemed to be reappointed and KPMG
LLP will therefore continue in office.

By order of the Board.

Greg Cook
Director

60 Gresham Street
London

United Kingdom
EC2V 7BB

8 November 2023

Page 3


===== page 6 =====
Aivig Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Statement of Directors’ responsibi
and the financial statements

ies in respect of the Directors’ report

The directors are responsible for preparing the Directors’ Report and the financial statements in
accordance with applicable law and regulations. .

Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that
law they have elected to prepare the financial statements in accordance with UK accounting standards
and applicable law (UK Generally Accepted Accounting Practice), including FRS 101 Reduced
Disclosure Framework.

Under company law the directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied
that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of the
Company for that period. In preparing these financial statements, the directors are required to:

+ select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;
+ make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

+ state whether applicable UK accounting standards have been followed, subject to any material
departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements;

+ assess the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable,
matters related to going concern; and

+ use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company
or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and
explain the Company's transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial
position of the Company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the
Companies Act 2006. They. are responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to
enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to
fraud or error, and have general responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to them to
safeguard the assets of the Company and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.

Under applicable law and regulations, the Directors are also responsible for preparing a Directors’ Report
that complies with that law and those regulations.

The directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the corporate and financial information
included on the Company's website. Legislation in the UK governing the preparation and dissemination
of financial statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.

Page 4


===== page 7 =====
Aivig Limited
Annual report and financial statements
34 March 2023

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Aiviq Limited
Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of Aiviq Limited (the Company”) for the year ended 31 March 2023 which
comprise the Profit and Loss account, Balance sheet, Statement of changes in Equity and related notes, including the
accounting policies in note 1.

In our opinion the financial statements:

* give a true and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs as at 31 March 2023 and of its loss for the year then
ended;

* have been properly prepared in accordance with UK accounting standards, including FRS 101 Reduced
"Disclosure Framework; and

* have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.
Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and applicable law.
Our responsibilities are described below. We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and are independent of
the Company in accordance with, UK ethical requirements including the FRC Ethical Standard. We believe that the
audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis for our opinion.

Going concern

The directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concern basis as they do not intend to liquidate the
Company or to cease its operations, and as they have concluded that the Company's financial position means that
this is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no material uncertainties that could have cast significant
doubt over its ability to continue as a going concern for at least a year from the date of approval of the financial
statements (‘the going concern period").

In our evaluation of the directors’ conclusions, we considered the inherent risks to the Company's business mode! and
analysed how those risks might affect the Company's financial resources or ability to continue operations over the
going concern period.

Our conclusions based on this work:

* we consider that the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial
statements is appropriate;

* we have not identified, and concur with the directors’ assessment that there is not, a material uncertainty related
to events or conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the Company's ability to
continue as a going concem for the going concern period.

However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in outcomes that
are inconsistent with judgements that were reasonable at the time they were made, the above conclusions are not a
guarantee that the Company will continue in operation.

Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations — ability to detect
Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to fraud

To identify risks of material misstatement due to fraud (“fraud risks”) we assessed events or conditions that could
indicate an incentive or pressure to commit fraud or provide an opportunity to commit fraud. Our risk assessment
procedures included:

« — Enquiring of directors as to the Company's high-level policies and procedures to prevent and detect fraud,
as well as whether they have knowledge of any actual, suspected or alleged fraud.

« Reading Board minutes.
* — Considering remuneration incentive schemes and performance targets for management and Directors.
« . Using analytical procedures to identify any unusual or unexpected relationships.

We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit team and remained alert to any indications of fraud
throughout the audit.

As required by auditing standards, we perform procedures to address the risk of management override of controls and
the risk of fraudulent revenue recognition, in particular the risk that revenue is recorded in the wrong period and the
risk that management may be in a position to make inappropriate accounting entries, and the risk of bias in accounting
estimates and judgements such as share-based payment assumptions.

We did not identify any additional fraud risks.

Page 5


===== page 8 =====
Aiviq Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Aiviq Limited (continued)

We performed procedures including:

«Identifying journal entries to test based on risk criteria and comparing the identified entries to supporting
documentation. These included unusual pairings with a credit or debit to an account below EBITDA and unusual
journals with a credit or debit entry to cash;

* — Identifying revenue transactions to test based on unusual pairings with a credit or debit to revenue;

* Assessing significant accounting estimates for bias.

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to non-compliance with laws and regulations

We identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the financial
statements from our general commercial and sector experience, and through discussion with the directors and other
management (as required by auditing standards), and discussed with the directors and other management the policies
and procedures regarding compliance with laws and regulations.

We communicated identified laws and regulations throughout our team and remained alert to any indications of non-
compliance throughout the audit.

The potential effect of these laws and regulations on the financial statements varies considerably.

Firstly, the Company is subject to laws and regulations that directly affect the financial statements including financial
reporting legislation (including related companies legislation), distributable profits legislation and taxation legislation,
and we assessed the extent of compliance with these laws and regulations as part of our procedures on the related
financial statement items.

Secondly, the Company is subject to many other laws and regulations where the consequences of non-compliance
could have a material effect on amounts or disclosures in the financial statements, for instance through the imposition
of fines or litigation. We identified the following areas as those most likely to have such an effect: anti-bribery and
employment law recognising the financial nature of the Company's activities. Auditing standards limit the required
audit procedures to identify non-compliance with these laws and regulations to enquiry of the directors and other
management and inspection of regulatory and legal correspondence, if any. Therefore if a breach of operational
regulations is not disclosed to us or evident from relevant correspondence, an audit will not detect that breach.

Context of the ability of the audit to detect fraud or breaches of law or regulation

Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an unavoidable risk that we may not have detected some material
misstatements in the financial statements, even though we have properly planned and performed our audit in
accordance with auditing standards. For example, the further removed non-compliance with laws and regulations is
from the events and transactions reflected in the financial statements, the less likely the inherently limited procedures
required by auditing standards would identify it.

In addition, as with any audit, there remained a higher risk of non-detection of fraud, as these may involve collusion,
forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal controls. Our audit procedures are
designed to detect material misstatement. We are not responsible for preventing non-compliance or fraud and cannot
be expected to detect non-compliance with all laws and regulations.

Directors’ report

The directors are responsible for the directors’ report. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover this
report and we do not express an audit opinion thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the directors’ report and, in doing so, consider whether, based on our financial statements
audit work, the information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with the financial statements or our audit
knowledge. Based solely on that work:

* we have not identified material misstatements in the directors’ report;

* — in our opinion the information given in this report for the financial year is consistent with the financial statements;
and

« — in our opinion this report has been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006.

Page 6


===== page 9 =====
Aivig Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
34 March 2023

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Aiviq Limited (continued)

Matters on which we are required to report by exception
Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:

* adequate accounting records have not been kept, or retums adequate for our audit have not been received from
branches not visited by us; or

* _ the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or
* certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or
* we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit; or

« the directors were not entitled to take advantage of the small companies exemption from the requirement to
prepare a strategic report.

We have nothing to report in these respects.

Directors’ responsibilities

As explained more fully in their statement set out on page 4, the directors are responsible for: the preparation of the
financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view; such internal control as they determine
is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due
to fraud or error; assessing the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters
related to going concern; and using the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the
Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue our opinion in an auditor's report. Reasonable
assurance is a high level of assurance, but does not guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK)
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial statements.

A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC's website at www.fre.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. ©

The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsi S

This report is made solely to the Company's members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the
Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the Company's members those
matters we are required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted
by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the Company's members,
as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Ax

Craig Parkin (Senior Statutory Auditor)

for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
Chartered Accountants
- East West,
Tollhouse Hill
Nottingham NG1 5FS

10 November 2023

Page 7


===== page 10 =====
Profit & loss account
for the year ended 31 March 2023

Revenue
Cost of sales

Gross loss

‘Administration expenses

Operating loss

Other interest payable and similar expense
Loss before taxation

Taxation

Loss for the year

Note

4,5

Aiviq Limited

Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2023

Year ended 31 Year ended 31
March 2023 March 2022
£000 £000

3,375 3,036
(4,024) (3,556)
(649) (620)

(808) (1,392)
(1,457) (1,912)
(1,457) (1,912)

373 594

(1,084) (1,318)

In both the current and preceding year, the Company made no acquisitions and had no discontinued operations.

There was no other comprehensive income in either the current or preceding year other than those disclosed in
the profit and loss account, and therefore no separate statement of other comprehensive income has been

presented.
The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.

Page 8


===== page 11 =====
Aivig Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2023
Balance sheet
As at 31 March 2023
Asat Asat
Note 34 March 2023, 34 March 2022
£000 £000 £000 £000
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment a 28 29
Capitalised implementation costs Ww 112 142
intangible fixed assets 9 - 181
138 352
‘Current assets
‘Trade and other receivables a m1 698
Deferred tax asset 7 179 -
Corporation tax 131 :
‘Cash at bank and in hand 12 4,110 . 774
2,134 4,472
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables 13 (6,754) (5,372)
Deferred tax liability 7 - (44)
(6,754) * (6,416)
Net current liabilities (4,623) (3,944)
Total assets less current liabilities (4,485) (3,592)
Non-current liabilities .
‘Other non-current labiities “4 (232)
Net liabilities (4717)
Capital and reserves
Issued share capital 18 : :
Retained earings (4,932) (3.848)
Other reserves 215 -
Total shareholders’ equity (4,747) (3,848)

The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements. These financial statements were approved and
authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 8 November 2023. They were signed on its behalf by:

cag lk

Greg Cook
Director

Company registered number: 11480862

Page 9


===== page 12 =====
Statement of changes in equity
for the year ended 31 March 2023

As at 4 April 2021

Total comprehensive Income for the perlod
Loss for the period

‘Transactions with owners
Dividends

‘As at 31 March 2022

Total comprehensive Income for the period
Loss for the period

Transactions with owners

Dividends

Current tax recognised in equity

Deferred tax recognised in equity

‘As at 31 March 2023

The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.

Page 10

Aivig Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2023
Total
Issued Other Retained Shareholders’
share capital reserves earnings equity
£000 000 £000 £000
- - (2,530) (2,530)
: - (1,318) (1,318)
. : (3,848) (3.848)
- (1,084) (1,084)
12 - ~ 122
93 - 93
- 215 (4,932) (4717)



===== page 13 =====
Aiviq Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Notes to the financial statements
(forming part of the financial statements)

1 Accounting policies

Aiviq Limited (the “Company”) is a Company limited by shares, domiciled and registered in the UK. The
registered number is 11480862 and the registered address is 60 Gresham Street, London, United Kingdom,
EC2V 7BB.

These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced
Disclosure Framework (“FRS 101”).

In preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement and disclosure
requirements of International Financial Reporting Standards (“Adopted IFRSs”), but makes amendments
where necessary in order to comply with Companies Act 2006 and has set out below where advantage of the
FRS 101 disclosure exemptions has been taken. Further, in accordance with Section 414A (2) and 414B (b)
of the Companies Act 2006, the Company has taken the exemption from preparing a strategic report.

The Company's ultimate parent undertaking, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc, includes the Company
in its consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets.
Consulting plc are available to the public and may be obtained from 60 Gresham Street, London, United
Kingdom, EC2V 7BB or on the website at alphafmc.com/investors.

In these financial statements, the Company has applied the exemptions available under FRS 101 in respect of
the following disclosures:

* — Acash flow statement and related notes;

« Comparative period reconciliations for share capital, tangible fixed assets, intangible assets and
investment properties;
Disclosures in respect of transactions with wholly owned subsidiaries;
Disclosures in respect of capital management;
The effects of new but not yet effective IFRS;
Disclosures in respect of the compensation of key management personnel;
Disclosures of transactions with a management entity that provides key management personnel
services to the Company; and

« — disclosures of related party transactions.
As the consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc include the equivalent
disclosures, the Company has also taken the exemptions under FRS 101 available in respect of the following
disclosures:

« IFRS 2 Share-based Payment in respect of Group settled share-based payments; and

«Certain disclosures required by IFRS 16 Leases in relation to disclosure of the Company's leasing

activities.

The accounting policies set out below have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods
presented in these financial statements.

1.1 Basis of preparation

These financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, except for certain financial
instruments that are measured at fair value.

The presentational currency of these financial statements and the functional currency of the Company is
pounds sterling. All amounts in these financial statements have been rounded to the nearest £1,000, unless
stated otherwise.

1.2 Significant judgements and estimates

The preparation of financial information in accordance with IFRS requires management to make judgements,
estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and reported amounts of assets
and liabilities, income and expenses.

The Directors have made one judgement, excluding those involving estimations, in the process of applying the
Company's accounting policies that are considered to have a significant effect on the amounts recognised in
the financial statements for the period ending 31 March 2023.

Revenue recognition

The Directors note that the process of revenue recognition in the Company requires a judgement to be made on
the identification of distinct performance obligations under the Company's software contracts with customers.
These contracts comprise software fees and other related services, which customers can access over the life of
the contract, in line with related performance obligations. Interpretation of the terms of these contracts determine
whether the performance obligation is satisfied over time or at a point in time. For further information on the
accounting policy implemented by the Company, please refer to section 1.11 below.

The Directors have not identified any significant estimates in the year ended 31 March 2023.

Page 11


===== page 14 =====
Aivig Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)
1.3 Going concern

In assessing the Company's ability to continue on a going concern basis for a period of at least 12 months from
the approval of these financial statements (the “going concem period”), the Directors considered the Company's
Projected cash flows, access to intercompany funding from other Group entities, cash liquidity and existing
borrowing facilities.

Notwithstanding net current liabilities of £4,623,000 as at 31 March 2023, the financial statements have been
prepared on a going concern basis. The Directors consider this to be appropriate on the basis of cash flow
forecasts prepared for the wider Group, which support the ability of the Company to operate as a going concern.
The Group prepared cash flow forecasts covering the going concem period. The Directors of the Group
considered the principal risks and mitigants and analysed a range of cash flow downside scenarios including a
“reverse-stress test” scenario. This models the decline in sales that the Group would be able to absorb over the
going concer period before utilising all of the existing cash reserves available. The Directors consider this
scenario and the sequence of events that could lead to it to be remote, as it requires annualised revenue
reductions of close to 40% compared to the base case, before modelling any mitigating actions, including cost
reductions. Refer to p. 94 of the Group's ‘Annual Report & Accounts 2023' for further details.

The ability of the Company to settle its liabilities as they fall due within the going concern period is dependent
on the Company's ultimate parent company, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc, not seeking repayment of
the amounts currently due to other companies controlled by the Group, which at 31 March 2023 amounted to
£5.3m. The Company also has access to additional funding through other Group entities, via the Group's
revolving credit facility ("RCF”) of £50.0m, and the strength of the Group's cash position. As with any company
placing reliance on other group entities for financial support, the Directors acknowledge that there can be no
certainty that this support will continue although, at the date of approval of these financial statements, they have
no reason to believe that it will not do so.

After careful consideration, the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company's existing resources,
supplemented by the support of the wider Group, are adequate to meet its requirements over the going concem
period. On this basis, the Directors consider that it is appropriate to adopt the going concern basis in preparing
the financial statements.

1.4 Foreign currency

Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the Company's functional currency at the average foreign
exchange rate in the month of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
currencies at the balance sheet date are retranslated to the functional currency at the foreign exchange rate
tuling at that date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign
currency are translated using the average exchange rate in the month of the transaction and are not
retranslated. Foreign exchange differences arising on translation to functional currency are recognised in
administration expenses.

1.5 Financial instruments

The Company uses financial instruments comprising cash and cash equivalents and other short-term
instruments, such as trade payables that arise from its operations. The main purpose of these financial
instruments is to fund the Company's business strategy and working capital requirements.

Accounting policies in respect of financial instruments are outlined below.
Financial assets

Financial assets are initially measured at fair value plus or minus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair
value through profit or loss, transaction costs. The Company has not reclassified any financial assets
subsequent to initial recognition as at the balance sheet date. Reclassification of classes of financial assets is
accounted for prospectively in accordance with IFRS 9, where this is required. Any difference on reclassification
from amortised cost to fair value through profit or loss is recognised in the profit and loss at the reclassification
date.

Financial assets are assessed at each reporting date to determine a lifetime expected credit loss that reflects
the credit risk associated with the portfolio of assets. A financial asset is impaired in line with the simplified
approach under IFRS 9 which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance.

The Company recognises an expected credit loss provision in relation to financial assets. The simplified
method is applied to the Company's trade receivables as described below. The Company's expected credit
loss provision on all other financial assets is immaterial as the probability of default is low. Movements in the
expected credit loss provision are recognised in profit or loss.

Page 12


===== page 15 =====
Aivig Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Notes to the financial statements (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)
1.5 Financial instruments (continued)
Trade and other receivables

Trade and other debtors are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost,
less provision for impairment. A provision for impairment of trade receivables is established when there is
objective evidence that the Company will not be able to collect all amounts due according to the original terms
of the receivables. The provision is recognised in the income statement as an operating charge.

The trade receivables’ balances recorded in the Company's statement of financial position comprise a
relatively small number of large balances and are held until realised in cash.

The Company provides services to customers on credit terms with mainly arrears billing. Certain receivables
may not be paid. The Company applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses
which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables. To measure expected credit losses,
trade receivables have been grouped based on shared credit characteristics and the days past due. The
Company consider historical loss rates for each ageing category as a starting paint for estimating the expected
credit loss. This historical loss rate is subsequently adjusted for macro-economic and customer-specific factors
of receivables within each ageing category. Characteristics considered by the Company for these purposes
include: historical collection experience for each customer; the assessed liquidity of key customers within the
receivables balance; and other relevant macro-economic factors in order to determine a reasonable and
supportable assessment of the expected lifetime credit risk in the context of the overall year-end trade
receivables due.

Amounts owed by Group undertakings

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at
amortised cost, less provision for impairment. A provision for impairment of intercompany receivables is
established using an expected credit loss model. The Company classifies all intercompany receivables that
form a part of the normal trading cycle of the Company as current, as well as non-trading balances where the
counterparty has sufficient resources to settle the balance within a twelve month period from the balance sheet
date. All other amounts owed by Group undertakings are considered as non-current assets.

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and call deposits and are recorded and subsequently
measured at amortised cost in line with IFRS 9.

Financial liabilities

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial
liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss. Financial liabilities are
classified as held for trading if they are acquired for the purpose of selling in the near term. This category
includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Company that are not designated as hedging
instruments in hedge relationships as defined by IFRS 9. As at 31 March 2023, the Company had no derivative
financial instruments or designated hedge relationships.

Other financial liabilities held by the Company are recognised at amortised cost.

Trade and other payables

Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value, equal to the transaction price, and are
subsequently measured at amortised cost. Trade payables due within one year are not discounted.

Amounts owed to Group undertakings

Amounts owed to Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at
amortised cost. Balances due within one year are not discounted.

Leases

The Company leases office premises for use in operations. In line with the practical expedients defined
below, all office leases held by the company are outside of the scope of IFRS 16 in the current and prior
period.

The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets
that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.

Page 13


===== page 16 =====
Aiviq Limited
Annual report and financial statements.
31 March 2023

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)

1.5 Financial instruments (continued)

The Company has used the practical expedients permitted by IFRS 16 in relation to accounting for leases
with a lease term of less than 12 months as ‘short-term leases’, and those with a low value as ‘low value
leases’. Consequently, no lease liability or right-of-use asset was calculated thereon. These leases are
expensed in the statement of profit and loss. The Company has also used the practical expedient permitted
by IFRS 16 to apply a single discount rate to a portfolio of leases with reasonably similar characteristics.

1.6 Investments in subsidiaries

Investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost less any provision for impairment. The Company monitors for
indicators of impairment at each reporting period, and a full impairment assessment is performed on an
annual basis.

The Directors have deemed that no impairment was required in both the current and prior years.

1.7 Property, plant and equipment
All property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost (or deemed historical cost) less accumulated

depreciation. Cost includes the original purchase price of the asset and the costs attributable to bringing the
asset to its working condition for its intended use.

Depreciation is provided on ail property, plant and equipment at rates calculated to write each asset down to
its estimated residual value on a straight-line basis at the following annual rates:

Computer equipment 3 years

Useful economic lives and estimated residual values are reviewed annually and adjusted as appropriate.

1.8 Intangible assets

Intemally developed intangible assets

Capitalised development costs represent the costs incurred in the development enhancements to the 360
SalesVista software product within Aiviq Limited.

A useful economic life of 3 years has been deemed appropriate based on the expected project lifecycle in
development of new software. The amortisation charge is recognised in administrative expenses within the
profit and loss account.

1.9 Impairment (non-financial assets)

The carrying amounts of the entity's non-financial assets, other than deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each
reporting date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, then
the assets’ recoverable amount is estimated. The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit is
the greater of its value in use and its fair value, less costs to sell. In assessing value in use, the estimated
future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market
assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset.

For the purposes of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the
‘smallest group of assets that generates independent cash inflows (the “cash-generating unit’); that is, cash
inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or groups of assets.
An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its cash-generating unit exceeds its
estimated recoverable amount. Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. Impairment losses are
allocated between the carrying amounts of other assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro-rata basis as a
reduction in the value of the asset.

An impairment loss is reversed if and only if the reasons for the impairment have ceased to apply.
Impairment losses recognised in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indication that the
loss has decreased or no longer exists. An impairment loss is only reversed to the extent that the asset's
carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation
or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

1.10 Employee benefits
Defined contribution plans

A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which the Company pays fixed
contributions into a separate entity and will have a legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts.
Contributions to defined contribution schemes are charged to the statement of comprehensive income as they

Page 14


===== page 17 =====
Aiviq Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)

1.10 Employee benefits (continued)

become payable in accordance with the rules of the scheme. Differences between contributions payable in the
year and contributions paid are shown as either accruals or pre-payments in the statement of financial
position.

Defined contribution plans

A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which the Company pays fixed
contributions into a séparate entity and will have a legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts.
Contributions to defined contribution schemes are charged to the statement of comprehensive income as they
become payable in accordance with the rules of the scheme. Differences between contributions payable in the
year and contributions paid are shown as either accruals or pre-payments in the statement of financial position.

Share-based payments

The cost of share-based employee compensation arrangements, whereby employees receive remuneration in
the form of shares or share options, is recognised as an employee benefit expense in the statement of profit
or loss.

The total expense to be apportioned over the vesting period of the benefit is determined by reference to the
fair value (excluding the effect of non-market-based vesting conditions) at the date of grant.

In determining the fair value of share-based payments under IFRS 2, management has considered a number
of internal and external factors in order to judge the probability that management and employee share
incentives may vest. Such judgements involve estimating future performance and other non market-based
factors.

At the end of each reporting period the assumptions underlying the number of awards expected to vest are
adjusted for the effects of non-market-based vesting conditions to reflect the conditions prevailing at that date.
The impact of any revisions to the original estimates is recognised in the statement of profit or loss, with a
corresponding adjustment to the amounts owed to Group undertakings. Fair value is measured by the use of
a binomial model. The assumptions have been adjusted, based on management's best estimate, for the effects
of non-transferability, lack of dividend until vesting and exercise restrictions.

The fair value calculations in both the current and prior years have been extemally assessed as reasonable in
the circumstances.

After vesting, the Company's ultimate parent satisfies share option exercises either through the issuance of
new ordinary shares, or through the transfer of existing shares held in the Company's EBT to the employee.
Any share options not exercised upon vesting remain outstanding until the end of the contracted exercise
period.

Regarding the share-based payments charge relating to employees of the Company, there is an intra-group
recharge arrangement with the Company's ultimate parent undertaking, to reflect the benefits received by the
respective entity in relation to employees granted share options. The Company is considered to be the
receiving entity in the arrangement, in line with the benefit received for services provided through ongoing
employment. The Company's ultimate parent undertaking is deemed to be the settling entity in the intra-Group
arrangement, as share options granted are in relation to ordinary shares of the parent, and recognises the
share-based payments charge for the full Group in other reserves.

Share-based payment charges relating to employees who provide services directly to the Company are
recorded within the profit and loss account in the form of a management recharge from the ultimate parent.

The Company's management and employees have access to an equity settled share-based payment
arrangement for new employees which forms a part of the wider schemes offered across the Group, which are
settled in Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc shares. The Company has two distinct schemes, the
‘Management Incentive Plan’ (“MIP”) and the 'Employee Incentive Plan’ (“E!P"). These are described below.

The Management Incentive Plan

The Company has a management incentive plan to retain and incentivise directors and senior management.
The MIP consists of four parts: part A of which will enable the granting of enterprise management incentive
and non-tax advantaged options to acquire shares; part B of which will enable the awarding of JSOPs; part C
of which will enable the awarding of restricted stock units ("RSUs") for participants in the US; and part D of
which will enable the awarding of RSUs in France (together the “options”).

In prior periods, the majority of options granted to certain directors and senior management of the Company
were subject to the fulfilment of three or more of the following performance conditions: (a) the Group achieving
adjusted EPS growth of 15.0% or more to trigger a maximum award, or 10.0% to trigger a 66% award, with a
linear application of awards between these levels; (b) the Group achieving a TSR over three years in excess
of the mean total shareholder return ("TSR") delivered by a peer group of comparable companies; (c) personal

Page 15


===== page 18 =====
Aivig Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)

1.10 Employee benefits (continued)

adherence to corporate values and risk policy; and (d) specific business unit EBITDA, or other personal targets
and goals. In FY 21, in response to COVID-19, options granted were subject to more flexible performance.

criteria, including local budget targets and a variety of stretching personal sales or other targets. In FY 22, the
performance conditions of options granted in that year returned to the previous award criteria.

As disclosed last year, the Group’s Remuneration Committee approved performance conditions for FY 23
awards, which further modified the adjusted EPS growth range set out above to reflect the growth of the Group
since AIM admission. The criteria for these share incentive awards to certain directors and senior management
of the Company, depending on the individual and their role, include: (a) the Group achieving adjusted EPS
growth of 11.25% or more to trigger a maximum award, or 7.5% to trigger a 66% award, with a linear
application of awards between these levels; (b) personal adherence to corporate values and risk policy; and
(c) specific business unit EBITDA, or other personal targets and goals.

Some of these share incentive awards also contain a market condition requiring the Company to achieve a
TSR over three years in excess of the mean TSR delivered by a peer group of comparable companies.

MIP awards have either nominal or minimal exercise price payable in order to acquire shares pursuant to
options. MIP awards have either three- or four-year vesting periods from the date of grant and can be equity
settled only.

The Employee Incentive Plan

Under the EIP, a broad base of the Group's employees has been granted share options or share awards over
small number of shares. The EIP is structured as is most appropriate under the local tax, legal and regulatory
tules in the key jurisdictions and therefore varies between those jurisdictions. No EIP awards were made in
the current or prior years.

Further disclosure of these schemes is provided within the Group's consolidated 2023 Annual Report &
Accounts, and the share-based payment arrangement concerns equity instruments of the Company's ultimate
parent company, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc, and therefore the Directors have applied disclosure
exemptions for the subsidiary accounts as permitted under FRS 101.

1.11 Revenue recognition

Revenue consists of the value of work executed for clients during the year and expenses recharged, exclusive
of VAT. Revenue is classified into net fee income and recharged expenses. Net fee income is measured based
on the transaction price allocated to the performance obligation from the sale of goods or provision of services.
Net fee income is recognised either at a ‘point in time’ when the performance obligation in the contract has been
performed or ‘over time’ as contro! of the goods or services are transferred to the customer. Recharged
expenses comprise the recharge of costs incidental to fulfilling contracts including flights, subsistence and
accommodation on which nil or negligible margin is eamed by the Company. The Company delivers services
that have no alternative use to Alpha (advice to clients, reports, etc.) as the services are specifically tailored to
clients’ projects and scope of work.

Revenue generated from software licensing, hosting and related support services provided over a contracted
period of time is combined and allocated to a single performance obligation. These contracts are considered
to be satisfied over time, in line with the benefits being transferred to the customer. Revenue is recognised on
Straight-line basis over the contractual license term.

Implementation services provided by the Company to the customer are classified as either being distinct
performance obligations or non-distinct from the licensing and hosting promises described above, dependent
‘on the fact pattern within the underlying contractual arrangement. The Company considers the level of inter-
dependency between the contractual promises, and whether the customer can consume the benefits of the
licence without the implementation service being performed. Where implementation services are required for
the customer to use the software, these services are considered to be non-distinct from the licensing
performance obligation. Therefore, the Company accounts for these as a single performance obligation
satisfied over the licence term, as described above. The Company generally considers the initial phase of
implementation to be non-distinct from the associated licence. The Company typically bills and receives cash
for these implementation services in advance of the revenue being recognised, resulting in the recognition of
a contract liability.

Other distinct implementation services, as well as separately billable maintenance, support, data assurance
and training are treated as separate performance obligations and revenue is recognised as these services are
delivered.

Page 16


===== page 19 =====
Aivig Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)

1.11 Revenue recognition (continued)

Contract modifications relating to the renewal of software licences are accounted for as separate revenue
contracts. Other contract modifications are considered on a case by case basis.

Activity performance recognised as revenue in excess of invoices raised are contract receivables and are
included within accrued income, up to the value of the relevant project delivery milestone, where applicable.
On invoicing, the contract receivable is reclassified to trade receivables. Where amounts have been invoiced
in excess of revenue recognised, the excess is a contract liability and is included within deferred income.

In relation to licencing contracts, billing occurs at the beginning of the contractual licence period or
incrementally over the course of the licence, in line with the contractual terms. For implementation services,
billing typically occurs a month in arrears in line with a contractually agreed schedule.

Revenue is wholly attributable to the principal activities of the Company. For all revenue types, payment is
typically due between 30 and 60 days after the invoice date or receipt of invoice, depending on the client and
geography.

1.12 Cost of sales

Cost of sales is defined by management as the direct costs associated with the generation of the Company's
revenue, including staff payroll and contractor costs, subsistence and travel that are directly attributable to the
delivery of services and supporting growth.

With regard to the Company's software licensing arrangements, costs directly related to non-distinct
implementation work that are incurred prior to the commencement of the licence are initially recognised as an
asset and are subsequently amortised through cost of sales on a systematic basis, in line with the transfer of
goods or services to the customer.

1.13 Administration expenses

Administration expenses are defined by management as costs incurred by the Company that are not directly
associated with the generation of revenue. This includes items such as head office staff costs, recruitment
and professional fees and IT services, which are expensed as incurred. Administration expenses exclude
finance income and expenses and taxation, which are presented separately in the profit and loss account.

1.14 Finance income and finance expense

Finance income includes interest receivable on cash invested. Finance expense includes interest payable,
unwinding of the discount on provisions, and discount unwinding associated with leases within the scope of IFRS.
16.

Interest income and interest payable on bank loans or amounts due to certain Group undertakings is recognised
in profit or loss as it accrues, using the effective interest method.

1.15 Taxation

Taxation expense on the result for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Current and deferred tax is
recognised in the profit & loss account, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in equity,
in which case it is recognised in equity.

Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income for the period, using tax rates
enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of
previous periods.

Deferred tax is provided using the balance sheet liability method, providing for temporary differences between
the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation
purposes. The amount of deferred tax provided is based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement
of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the balance
sheet date.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent
that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be
recovered. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off
current tax assets against current tax liabilities, and when they relate to taxes levied by the same taxation
authority and the Company intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

1.16 New accounting standards and interpretations

The following changes in accounting policies were applied by the Company in these financial statements for
the year ended 31 March 2023. These included the adoption of new standards and interpretations described
below.

Page 17


===== page 20 =====
Aivig Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)
1.16 New accounting standards and interpretations (continued)

The International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) have issued
the following standards and interpretations which are now effective:

+ Reference to the Conceptual Framework (Amendments to IFRS 3), effective from 1 January 2022;

« Property, Plant and Equipment — Proceeds before Intended Use (Amendments to IAS 16), effective
from 1 January 2022;

*  Onerous Contracts — Cost of Fulfilling a Contract (Amendments to IAS 37), effective from 1 January
2022; and

« Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2018-20 Cycle, effective from 1 January 2022.

The Directors reviewed the nature and effect of these new standards on the Company and noted no material
impact on the financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2023.

The Directors have considered new standards and interpretations that have been issued but not yet been
effective, however have applied the exemption not to disclose this information under FRS 101.

2 Revenue
FY 23 FY22
£000 : £000
Rendering of services 3,375 3,036
Rechargeable expenses - :
3,375 3,036
FY 23 FY22
£000 £000
By activity .
Provision and implementation of software and related services 3,375 3,036
3 Auditor’s remuneration
FY 23 FY22
£000 £000
‘Audit of these financial statements 45 32

Amounts receivable by the Company's auditor and its associates in respect of services to the Company and
its associates, other than the audit of the Company's financial statements, have not been disclosed as the
information is required instead to be disclosed on a consolidated basis in the consolidated financial statements
of the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting pic.

4 Staff numbers and costs

The average number of persons employed by the Company (including Directors) during the year, analysed by
category, was as follows:

‘Average number of employees

FY 23 FY22
Administrative 1 1
Sales 20 16
Average number of employees in the year a 7

Page 18


===== page 21 =====
Aivig Limited
Annual report and financial statements.
31 March 2023

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
4 Staff numbers and costs (continued)

The aggregate payroll costs of these persons were as follows:

FY 23 FY 22

£000 £000

Wages and salaries 2,423 1,972
Social security costs 291 254
Contributions to defined contribution plans 24 43
Total staff costs for the year 2,738 2,269

At the year end, 243,962 (FY 22: 382,436) share options over the equity in Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
plc, the parent company, remained outstanding to the Company's management and employees. The weighted
average remaining contractual period to vest for outstanding share options is one year. All share options
outstanding at the year end date have a nominal exercise price. During the year 165,197 share options vested
(FY 22: Nil), all of which were exercised during the year. The weighted average share price at the date of
these exercises was £4.43. No further share options were exercised in the year relating to awards that vested
in the comparative period. The Company has incurred a charge to the profit & loss account in FY 23 of
£162,717 (FY 22: £289,955) relating to these schemes under IFRS 2 for employees and management that
provide direct services to the Company, of which £37,430 (FY 22: £106,684) relates to associated social
security taxes.

5 Directors’ remuneration
FY 23 FY 22
£000 £000
Directors’ remuneration 328 285
Company contributions to money purchase pension plan 9 "4

The highest paid director received remuneration of £328k (FY 22: £186k). The value of the company’s
contributions paid to defined contribution pension scheme in respect of the highest paid director amounted to
£9k (FY 22: £4k). The highest paid director exercised no share options during the year (FY 22: no share
options exercised).

No Directors providing material qualifying services exercised share options during the year (FY 22: nil).

Number of Directors
FY23 FY 22
Benefits are accruing to the folowing number of Directors under:
Money purchase schemes (retirement benefits) 1 2
Long term share incentive plan 1 2

Amounts paid or payable to certain of the Company's Directors through other Group undertakings have been
excluded from the above disclosure and included within the disclosures of other Group companies, on the
basis their services are predominantly provided to the other Group companies.

Page 19


===== page 22 =====
Notes to the financial statements (continued)

Aivig Limited

Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

6 Taxation
FY 23 FY 22
£000 £000 £000 £000
Current tax
Current tax on income for the period 9) -
Group relief payable/(receivable) (219) (251)
‘Adjustments in respect of prior periods (15) (387)
Total current tax (243) (638)
Deferred tax (see note 7)
Origination and reversal of timing differences (58) (90)
Effect of tax rate change on opening balances 8) 32
‘Adjustments in respect of prior periods (64) 102
(130) 44
Total tax expense for the year (373) (594)
An increase in the UK corporation tax rate from 19% to 25% (effective 1 April 2023) was substantively
enacted during the prior year on 24 May 2021. In FY 24, this change will increase the Company's current
tax charge accordingly.
The difference between the total tax expense shown above and the amount calculated by applying
the standard rate of UK corporation tax to the profit before tax is as follows:
FY 23 FY 22
£000 £000
Loss before taxation (1,457) (1,912)
Tax using the UK corporation tax rate of 19% (FY 22: 19%) @m (363)
Fixed asset differences (0) 2)
Expenses not deduetible for tax purposes (8) 40
‘Group relief surrendered 219 251
Payment received for group relief (219) (251)
‘Adjustments in respect of prior periods (current tax) (15) (387)
Adjustments in respect of prior periods (deferred tax) (64) 102
Deferred tax not recognised - 5
Remeasurement of deferred tax for changes in tax rates (8) 1
Total tax income for the year (373) (594)

Page 20



===== page 23 =====
Notes to the financial statements (continued)

7 Deferred tax

Movements in deferred tax

As at 31 March 2023

Accelerated capital allowances
Short-term timing differences

Share options

Net deferred tax (liabilityasset

As at 31 March 2022

Accelerated capital allowances
Short-term timing differences

Net deferred tax liability

Aiviq Limited

Annual report and financial statements

4 April 2022

34 March 2023

Recognised Recognised 31 March

in income in equity 2023
£7000 £000 £7000 £7000
(45) 39 - (6)

1 (5) - (4)

: 96 93 189

(44) 130 93 179
Recognised Recognised 31 March
‘1 April2021 “in income in equity 2022
£'000 £7000 £000 £7000

- (45) - (45)

: 1 : 1

- (44) : (44)

The Company has no unrecognised tax losses in addition to the deferred tax assets above (FY 22: fnil).

8 Property, plant and equipment

Cost
Balance at 1 April 2022
Additions

Disposals

‘As at 31 March 2023

Depreciation and impairment
Balance at 1 April 2022
Depreciation charge for the year
Disposals

As at 31 March 2023

Net book value
At31 March 2023

At 1 April 2022

Page 21

Computer
equipment
£000

67
13

80

(38)
(16)

(54)

26
29


===== page 24 =====
Notes to the financial statements (continued)

9 Intangible assets

Cost
Balance at 1 April 2022
Additions

As at 31 March 2023

Amortisation
Balance at 1 April 2022
Amortisation charge for the year

As at 31 March 2023

Net book value
At 31 March 2023
At1 April 2022

10 Fixed asset investments

‘At 31 March 2023 & 31 March 2022

Aivig Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Capitalised
development
costs

£000

1,391

1,391

(1,210)
(181)

(1,391)

181

Shares in
Group undertakings
£000

The undertakings in which the Company had interests at the year end of more than 20% are as follows:

Country of
‘Subsidiary undertakings Incorporation

‘Obsidian Alpha Data Solutions LLC. Serbia

Registered address:

Registered Principal activity
address

Consultancy services

1. Dvadesetsedmog marta 6-6a, 11060 Palilula, Belgrade, Serbia

Page 22

Class and Class and
percentage of percentage of
sharesheld- shares held -

31.March 2023 31 March 2022

100% ordinary 100% ordinary


===== page 25 =====
Aivig Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2023

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
11 Trade and other receivables

FY 23 FY 22

£000 £000
Trade receivables 315 306
Capitalised implementation costs 4 203
Prepayments and accrued income a 44
‘Amounts owed by Group undertakings 224 145
Total amounts due within one year m1 698

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are interest free and are repayable on demand.

The Directors are satisfied that all outstanding amounts from subsidiary group undertakings are recoverable,
Expected credit losses in relation to amounts owed by Group undertakings was immaterial in both the current
and prior year.

Amounts relating to the capitalisation of non-distinct software implementation costs, incurred in advance of
the commencement of the client's licence period, are recognised in current and non-current assets. Non-
current capitalised implementation costs of £112,000 (FY 22: £142,000) are presented on the face of the
balance sheet. These current and non-current implementation assets in relation to contracts are amortised
over an expected life equivalent to the contracted licence period. Amortisation recognised in the period in
respect of these costs amounted to £205,000 (FY 22: £211,000). No impairment was deemed necessary in
the period. No significant judgements have been made in determining the amount of costs to be capitalised,
which primarily comprise costs within scope of IAS 19 Employee Benefits.

12 Cash and cash equivalents
FY 23 FY22
£000 £000
Cash at bank 4,110 774
Cash and cash equivalents , 4,110 774

All cash and cash equivalents held by the Company are available for use by the Company with no restrictions.

13 Trade and other payables
FY 23 Fy22
£000 £000
Trade payables 42 380
‘Amounts owed to Group undertakings 5,305 3,635
Taxation and social security . 27 148
Accruals and deferred income 4,137 4,423
Social security tax on share options rey 86
Total amounts owed within one year 6,754 5,372

Amounts owed to Group undertakings are either interest-bearing or non-interest-bearing depending on the
type of the creditor relationship and local regulatory requirements. At the balance sheet date the majority of
these balances are non-interest-bearing. All amounts owed to Group undertakings are repayable on demand.

Deferred income recognises contract liabilities arising from the Company's revenue generating activities
relating to payments received in advance of performance delivered under a contract. These contract liabilities
typically arise on revenue contracts billed in advance, where the performance obligation is satisfied over time.
The contract liability movement in the year represents these timing differences across contracts at each year
end. The following table sets out the revenue recognised in the current year that relates to carry forward
contract liabilities and the liabilities recognised in the current year which have been deferred to the next
reporting period.

Page 23


===== page 26 =====
Aivig Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Notes to the financial statements (continued)

13 Trade and other payables (continued)

Of a total £952,000 (FY 22: £1.06m) of deferred income recognised as a liability in the period, £739,000 (FY
22: £827,000) is expected to be recognised as revenue within one year, with an additional £214,000 (FY 22:
£233,000) expected to be recognised in greater than one year.

FY 23 FY22

£000 £000

Contract liabilities at the start of the year 1,059 1,952
Increase in contract liabilities during the year 720 1,059
Contract liabilities recognised in revenue during the year (827) (1,952)
Balance at the end of the year 952 1,059

The table below shows the revenue that the Company will earn from customers when the Company
satisfies the remaining performance obligations in certain contracts, These mainly relate to multi-year
contracts which range between 1 to 5 years in which software license and implementation revenue is
recognised over the license period. The following table sets out the aggregate amount of the contracted
transaction price allocated to performance obligations that are unsatisfied or partly satisfied at the year end
date. Amounts relating to contracts with an expected original life of less than one year are not disclosed.
Revenue from unperformed performance obligations is expected to be recognised in the following timeframes:

FY 23 FY 22
£000 £000
To be undertaken and recognised within one year 4,373 4178
To be undertaken and recognised between one and three years 2,257 1,674
To be undertaken and recognised after three years 1,614 918
5,244 3,770
14 Other non-current liabilities
FY23 FY22
£000 £000
Other non-current labilties : 24
Deferred income 214 165
Social security tax on share options 18 67
232 256
15 Capital and reserves
‘Share capital
FY23 FY22
£ £
Allotted, called up and fully paid
1 ordinary share of £1 each af 1
Balance at the end of the year a 1

The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled
to one vote per share at meetings of the Company.

16 Related parties

The Company has not engaged in any transactions with any related parties other than with wholly owned
subsidiaries within the Alpha Group, and remuneration of the Company's key management personnel.
These transactions have not been disclosed as the Company has taken advantage of exemptions under
FRS 101.

Page 24


===== page 27 =====
Aivig Limited
Annual report and financial statements
34 March 2023

Notes to the financial statements (continued)

17 Ultimate parent company

The Company is a subsidiary undertaking of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc, incorporated in England
and Wales. The ultimate controlling party is Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc.

Both the largest and smallest Group in which the results of the Company are consolidated is that headed by
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc, incorporated in England and Wales. The consolidated financial
statements of the Group are available to the public and may be obtained from 60 Gresham Street, London,
United Kingdom, EC2V 7BB, or the website investors.alphafmc.com.

Page 25
