

===== page 1 =====
The power
of our people

>
{

ern ep tenn fava

IMPANIES HOUSE


===== page 2 =====
Welcome to Alpha's 2024
Annual Report and Accounts

Headquartered in the UK and quoted on the Alternative Investment
Market of the London Stock Exchange, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting!
is a leading global consultancy to the financial services industry.

Alpha combines highly specialist, sector-focused management consulting and
technology expertise to support the client transformation lifecycle. it has 1.000
consultants globally, operating from 17 client-facing offices’ spanning the UR,
North America, Europe and APAC.

For more information, see the website: alphafmc.com/investors

Contents

itrody

Vinanicict Ste ten

Welcome

64 Chairman's introduction

Highlights

Lope
Ate glance
‘Our global stary
Building on our success
Investment case
Chairman's report
Chief Executive Officer's report
Business model
Market overview
Strategy
Key performance indicators
Chief Financial Officer's report
Section 172 statement
Looking after our people
Sustainable business.

Task Foroe on Clmate-Related
Financial Disclosures:

Risk management
Principal risks and uncer

Non-financial information
and sustainability statement

86 Board of Directors
68 Corporate Governance Code
70 Corporate governance report
76 Nomination Committee report
78 ESG Committee report

108 Consolidated statement of
comprehensive income

109 Consolidated statement
of financiat position

110 Consolidated statement of cash flows

111 Consolidated statement of changes
in equity

80 Audit and Risk Committes repart

84 Remuneration Committee report

95 Directors report

98 Statement of Directors’ responsibilities,

99. Independent auditor's report

& Visit us online to see Alpha’s Sustainability Report

112 Notes to the consotidated
financial statements:

145 Company statement of
financial position

146 Company statement of changes
in equity

147 Notes to the Company
financial statements

OLE
154 GASB disclosure
Gomprny

158 Directors and advisers:

oer Rrun veneered so wefan
2 The Group uses ‘otice” ta rafer tna clant-facing office location, that 18 if there are matvple ctfiges n are focstion, they wil be caunted as one ctiee,



===== page 3 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Highlights

Financial highlights*

Revenue

£235.5m

Fy 03. 9226 fei

Resilient trading performance in a more competitive
mariset environment; maintaining consistent

consultant day rates overall, albeit at lower average
utilisation, particularly over the Q2 summer months

Adjusted’ EBITDA

£42.2m

(FY 23: 856.61)

Agjusted EBITDA reflects gross profit
and appropriately managed costs

Operational highlights

Consultants®

1,000

{FY %. 994)

Alpha continues to attract the highest calibre
consultants globally and has invested selectively
for future growth

New client relationships

146

(FY 23: 156)

Reflects robust demand, spanning all
the Group's global businesses

Gross profit

£78.3m

(FY 23. V60 4mi

Gross profit refiects lower average consultant utilisation
and selective investment in Alpha’s growing teams,
while actively managing variable costs

Net cash

£29.4m

IFY 23: 859. 2m)

Healthy net cash position and undrawn
£50.0m revolving credit facility provides
further funding flexibility

Directors®

116

(FY 23: 401b

Continued growth of the globa! director team, adding
further senior talent and expertise to the Group

Acquisitions
(FY 23: -3

Bolt-on acauisition of Shoreline”
consoidates Alpha’s APAC presence

 Allfinancial and operating highlights relate to the year ended 31 March 2024 ("FY 24°) and the comparative year is to 31 March 2023 ("FY 23°) unless otherwise specified. All rounding and
percentage change calculations are from the basis of the financial statamonts in €'000s.

The Group uses allornative performance measures s"APMs') Ie orovde stakeholde’s luriher me!ncs fo aid unvers*ardiing of the undartuirg Fadieg performance of the Group These
rneasures exclude cerlam cosls ineiuding acauison and integration costs, earn Gut and dafarred considerator costs, fesinuctunng cosis and share besed payment charges. Refer te
the Chief Financsal Cficer’s Report and note ¢ for further details.

‘Consultants’ ard “haadecunl” refer 10 fee-earring consullarts at tha yoor end, employed consultants pkis utiised caniraciors in oliart facirg roles.

‘Drravtats” refers to fe6-genorating directors al the year end All drectorincraases are praseried as ret Alone is progresswely Updating the dractar title 10 “partrer’ n sorne teams to
etter abge 19 their rolas.r the consulting markels

7 "Shorelive’reters lo Shoreline Cossuling Pry Lid, Shoreline Consolidated Ply Lic ard supsidianes aequ red by Ayna.cn + May 2023.

aiphatme.com


===== page 4 =====
2 Annual Report & Accounts 2024



===== page 5 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 3

Strategic
Report

Ata glance

Our globai story

Buiding on our success

Investment case

OB) a aps

Chairman's report

12

Chief Executive Officer’s report

16

Business model

Market overview

22

Strategy

24

Key performance incicators

26

Chief Financial Officer's report

cal

Section 472 statement

36

Looking after our people

AO

Sustainable business

48

Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures

52

Risk management

57

Principat risks anc uncertainties

6

Non-financial information and sustainability statement

66 Alpha is head and shoulders
above the competition when
it comes to knowledge of the
asset management space.”

Director,
Global asset manager

alphatme.com

g
8
a
a
o
Po
a
3
g



===== page 6 =====
4 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

Ata glance

Why we do what we do
Our purpose Our vision
To deliver outstanding outcomes for all our stakehoiders: helping our To be the best consulting firm in
clients to make the most of the opportunities in their markets; providing all the sectors in which we operate.

our people the best corporate experience possible; building a profitable
and sustainable business for our investors; and creating a positive

impact on our communities.

How we do it

Developing
highly focused

sector propositior
with the best
expertise

Nurturing the
best culture that
places people at the +
heart of the

Prioritising

best service
our clients

What we do

Aloha is a leading consultancy to the asset and wealth
management, alternatives and insurance sectors. We support
the client transformation lifecycle by providing management
consulting and complementary technology services that are
highly focused an the sectors in which we operate.

Management consulting

‘Our management consutting teams are experts in the
asset and wealth management, alternatives and
insurance sectors. Their goal is to help client
organisations make the most of the opportunities facing
them na rapidly changing financial services landscape
of regulatory change, fee pressure, growth in assets and
insurance policies, and client and societal expectations.
Our consultants help clients work more effectively

when requirements are new or more complicated, and
excel against strong competition

We bring together the specialist industry knawledge,

deep expertise and outstanding focus on delivery excellence
of our global teams to help clients think smarter and shape
their businesses for the future.

Technology consulting

Gur technology consulting teams have unrivalled
knowledge of and expertise in the technology platforms
and models used in the investment sectors. They
support clients in leveraging technology breakthroughs,

Hand deivering high qualty ousiness value through
technology solutions, implementations and software.
Against an ever-changing backdrop of new technology,
cigitisation and automation chorces, we help our clients
Geliver relevant outcomes that protect, optimise and
deliver positive resuits.

Our strategy

2 3

Roll out

the client Make selective
proposition acquisitions
globalty

alphafme.com


===== page 7 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 5

Our global story

First we:

Became known to
‘our clients for the high
quality of our team

- Focused on outsourcing,

operational change
and M&A integration,
with emerging
distribution and
investments capabilities,

Then we: We have:

— Capilaised on our
reputation for
market-leading
consulting advice.

— Continued to
develop consulting

Established a global
capability and reputation
for delivering some of
the most challenging
and complex projects

in the industry.

solutions across the — Committed to a growth

assel and wealthy
management chain,

strategy that involves
expanding the business
organically, including
into the insurance sector,
and through highly

We will:

— Continue to build scale
both globally and across
arrange of existing
markets by growing
and differentiating the
service offering

— Pursue with momentum
our objective to be
recognised as the
leading consultancy to
the asset management,
wealth management,

complementary alternatives and insurance
acquisitions. industries globally - and,
ultimately, acrass financial
services worldwide.
North America UR? Europe APAC
350+ 380+ 190+ 60+
consultants * consultants consultants consultants
New York (2009) ' London (2003) Luxembourg (2008) Singapore (2017)
Boston (2015) ; Edinburgh (2016) Paris (2010) Sydney (2021)
Toronto (2019) Amsterdam (2015) Melbourne (2023)
Denver (2021) H Geneva (2017)
San Francisco (2021) Zurich (2019)
Copenhagen (2019)
Frankfurt (2021)
of
.
———_®
cx)

8 After ihe year ard, Alpha has aurched a branch ie Abu Dray, which wil naially be overseer by ard form part of ihe LK bus ress.

alphatme.com

2
3
3

s
3

a
Fy
3
Hy



===== page 8 =====
6 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

Building on our success

Alpha is launched Alpha today

gement

sult

o--——_> »—_

Maturity key: Target markets inception

Alpha’s history 2008 £ 2013 j 2015
is established, with | irvestment ir Alpha } Inclusion programme:
{the opening of the | by Baird Capital, 1 is faunched.

Luxemnourg affice : j

on oo a

oo ° + ~
2003 | 2009 | 2014 1 2016

| Alphas ‘cundec n Loncor | JS presence is | Creatise of Alpha’s levestmnent it Alpha by

| a8 a provider of speciatst | established, auth | fist Technology | Dunedin, swt Baus Cacital

orsultarsy seraces to the * the opening of the | Serazes practice | enting in full Alpra has
| asset management industry, ‘New York office, | inthe UK. | ¢, 200 consultants across
seven afficas.

alphafme.com


===== page 9 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 7

6é At Alpha, we are focused on building a platform
for long-term success and delivering outstanding
outcomes for all our stakeholders.

Luc Baqué
Chief Executive Officer

Hodey iB}eng

Our focus for the next four years

North Ameri

Allernati

2023

Acquisition of Shoreline, 3 leading
APAG based consultancy,

2019

Creation of the Pensions & Retail investments practice
the stert of Aleha’s expansion into ingurance consuiting
Alpha acquires two more businesses:

Axxsys, technology specialists for investment
management cients; ane Obsician, expanding

Alpha celebrates 20 yaars since it was.
founded in the UK as a singla-bouta we
management carsullaney to the asset

the Aivig solutions suite. management sector
Too 2021 2024
| APAG presence is astabdlished. with the opening Acouisition of Lionpomt, extending Alpha continues to grow, reporting:
of the Singapore office, Alpha's alternatives capabifties revenue growth to £235.5m,

and increasing the global footprint,

Alpha acquires its first complementary business
Particularly in North America.

TrackTwo, which becomes part of Aivig.

Successful AIM admission with a market capilahsation of
£160m. Alpha has ¢. 300 consultants across nine offices.

alphafme.com


===== page 10 =====
8 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

Investment case

Six reasons to invest in Alpha:

Astrong
track record

We have a long history of achieving strong growth in net fee income,
cash generation and profitability thanks to our market-leaging
consultancy expertise and successful business model. This has
generated attractive returns for our shareholders since the Group's
AIM admission in October 2017.

23.5%

net tee income CAGR
AIM admission

We attract, devetop and retain the highest calibre consultants
thanks to our competitive compensation framework, strong
corporate culture and commitment to learning and career
development. This allows us to achieve rapid organic growth
with low rates of attrition.

227.9%

forease in consultants
ance AIM admission

The best
expertise

We are highly specialised in the financial services sectors that we
focus on, untke many of our competitors, Aloha's experienced,
expert director team has demonstrated an incredible track record
of anticipating our client needs and developing our proposition
to best serve them.

329.6%

ease ir dirs
since AIM adrssiot

The best
culture

A very strong people cuiture creates an environment in which
Aloha's employees fee! passionate about their work, their
colleagues, their communities and serving clients tc the best
of our collective ability.

We have a reputation for delivering compiex and challenging
projects to the highest standards. Our record of delivery brings new
clier! relationships, significant repeat business and cross-selling
‘opportunities, which help drive market snare gains.

ase ir cies

AIM aarressic>

The growth
opportunity

Tne global asset and wealth management, alternative investments,
and insurance markets that we service are expected to continue
to grow strongly. They remain subject to long-term trends such

8 Growth in assets and insurance policies, regulatory demand,
cost pressures, client and societal expectations and technology
breakthroughs, which underpin cients’ needs for support with
their advisory, change, implementation and technology projects.

2X

aim: to Couble ine
busmess agai ny 20

© The statement inat the Alpra Group's growin plan has an ambition to dcuble the size oft business by 2028 is aapiraional oy ond should not be construed:
tng meaning of 179 Tekecver Gade There can be vo verlainty ihal Aira wr! acreve re elie", which s sLDEct "0 varios assumptions, reks arcurcerls

Alpra’s growth io Aer malerally “ors expressec aroiton

alphatme.com

profit forecast wethin
ral could cause



===== page 11 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 9

Chairman's report

Ken Fry
Chairman

é Alpha’s resilient performance in
a challenging market environment
over the past year is a testament
to its business model, leading
expertise and compelling
client proposition.”

Having consistently achieved growth since AIM admission in 2017,
the Group experienced increasedl camnstition in the global consulting
market and a lengthened saies cycle in FY 24. Against this backdrop,
Group net fee income increased 2.8% and 4.8% on a constant
currency basis. Client wins and trading have incrementally improved
In recent months with consultant utilisation approaching near
target leveis by the end of the year, and maintained at this level
Into the early part of FY 25, The Board views this as a resilient
performance within the broader market landscape, reflecting

the Group's robust business model, leading expertise and

strong proposition.

‘Alpha's multi-boutique model, with its cross-selling framework
across regions and sectors, and collaboration between management
and technology consulting, is a key part of Alpha’s growth strategy.
The Group continued to invest selectively in the foundations that
support this growth agenda and made progress in a number of
key areas in the year.

The Group broadened and deepened its proposition, which wil
support the future scaling of the ousiness. This included selective
hires or internal promotions in all regions, key hires to further establish
our insurance consulting offering in North America, and completing
the acquisition of Shoreline to consolidate our offering in the
APAC region.

Scaling up and roliing out our newer businesses, including
alternatives and insurance censulting continues to be one of
our growth pillars as we aim to meet our 2028" strategic target.
Our Alternatives business, Lionpoint, saw increased demand
across all regions, particularly in North America, growing the
client base with 55 new client wins. North America remains a
very exciting, strategic growth region for the Group and we
grew headcount by 15 overall.

We continue to enhance and diversify our sector-specific offerings.
in line with client demand and needs. We are proud that the Alpha
offering now embeds Technology Consulting and a software business
in Aiviq, which adds depth to our delivery and cross-sell opporturilty.
To capitalise on the technology opportunities that we see in all our
markets, both for standalone technology services projects and as
part of major change programmes, we formalised a number of
technology lead roles in our asset & wealth management anc
insurance consulting teams.

The Group ended the year well positioned, with a healthy
net cash position of £29.4m (FY 23: £59.2m,

Since Alpha began over 20 years ago, it has been our outstanding
staff that has helged establish and eam a global reputation for
delivering challenging and cornpiex projects to the highest standards,
This year has been no exception and | want te take this oopertunily
to thank Aloha’s people for their unwavering focus and excellent
contributions in a challenging period. We believe that there are
very exciting opportunities ahead for Alpha, with such a strong
group of consultants and a culture that encourages and
celebrates success for everyone



===== page 12 =====
10 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

646 We believe that there are very
exciting opportunities ahead for
Alpha. with such a strong group of
consultants and a culture that
encourages and celebrates
success for everyone.”

Governance and the Board

The Board is dedicated to upholsing the highest standards of
corporate governance. We consider business ethics, integrity,
and strong governance fundamental to reducing risk and securing
long-term shareholder value. In recognition of the crucial role the
Board has in overseeing and advancing the Group's ESG*° efforts,
the ESG Committee was formally established in the period. under
‘she guidance of Jill May as Chair.

The FSG Committee's role is to maintain oversight of Alona’s
ESG agenda, ensuring that the Group complies with regulatory
requirements, meets the expectations of its stakeholders and
positions the Group for long-term sustainable success. The Board
intends to stay actively engaged with ESG across all relevant topics
as they evolve and, to this end, we commenced a schedule of
Board training, emphasising current and emerging areas of
responsibility across al! ESG-reiated topics



===== page 13 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 un

For the first time this year, Alpna is publishing metrics and
inforrnation under the Task Force on Climnate-related Financial
Disclosures (“TCFD"). We have also published our first dedicated
Sustainability Report, which sets out the Group's ESG progress
to date, vision and roadmap. The report covers our focus on.
diversity and social responsibility, strong governance, and playing
‘our part in protecting the environment. The Board is fully supportive
of Alpha’s first public diversity target and its ambition to identity
and progress actions thal foster inclusion and increase diversity
across the Group. The enhanced disclosures and our ESG strategy
provide us with the frameworks necessary for long-term
sustainable growth

The Board is committed to engaging with shareholders and
understanding their expectations. To this end, we were pleased
to have completed a consultation with investors regarding Alpha’s
FY 25 Remuneration Policy and have incorporated their
feedback accordingly.

Dividend

In view of the recommended cash offer to acquire Alpha by
Actium Bidco (Us) Limited ("Bidco’}, a newly incorporated indirect
subsidiary of certain funds managed by Bridgepoint Advisers
Limited ("Bridgepoint"), the Board is not recommending a final
dividend. If the acquisition does nat complete, it is expected that
the Board would declare a final dividend in rasnect of FY 24

at alater date.

Outlook

Although some challenges in the market environment remain,
the Group saw an uptick in client wins and consultant utilisation
in the last quarter of FY 24, with utilisation levels maintained into
the start of FY 26. Long-term dernand for our services remains
robust and is underpinned by ongoing structural drivers: growth
in assets under management and insurance policies, regulatory
demand, cost pressures, client and societal expectations and
technology breakthroughs.

With a strong and high quality sales pipeline, a compelling client
proposition, market-leading consuitants and clear strategic cbjectives,
the Board remains confident in the Grouo’s prospects.

Ken Fry
Chairman

20 dune 2024

10 €86 telers iv srurormer|, social ard goverrance matters ard efforts

The power
of our people

The best

culture

Employee insight

Alpha's community and culture
are based on mutual respect for

our colleagues, their knowledge,
experience and ambitions, and are
underpinned by an innate desire
to create successful outcomes for
our clients.

This means that we have a head start with tearns who:
enjoy collaborating and growing together, whilst delivering
exciting change to the industry. However, our culture goes:
far beyond just being a cohesive team. Alpha aiso fosters
an environment which celebrates personal and Group
successes whilst untiringly providing the necessary
support to promote personal growth

Despite growing at a phenomenal rate over the last years,
our leadership team has protected the core pillars that
contribute to our ‘one-team’’ structure, creating a sense
of shared responsibility in our own collective success,

as well as our clients’ successes. We see this translating
into teams that are passionate about not only their own
work and achievements out aiso colleagues and the wider
business, be that across geographies or business lines.

‘Our local management structures have individuals responsible
{or initiatives that support all corners of our culture framework,
from our social calendar and CSR initiatives, through to
‘our working environment. in my role as Culture tea on
the UK Management Committee, | work alongside our
designated People and Recutment leads who are resnonsinla
lor key supporting aspects, such as wellbeing and inclusion,
which helps create and sustain @ multi-faceted culture.

Cacimhe Munif
Culture Management Committee Lead,
Asset & Wealth Management Consulting UK

[ijread more about our community and culture
in the looking after our people section on p. 36

alphafme.com



===== page 14 =====
12 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

Chief Executive Officer's report

Luc Baqué
Chief Executive Officer

64 FY 24 has presented a challenging
backdrop with increased competition
in the global consulting market.
The Group has navigated these
conditions well and delivered
a resilient performance that
refiects the underlying strength
of the business model Atpna’s
service proposition and highly
talented consultants.”

As previously reported, the Group caw increased competition
in FY 24 due to overcapacity in the global consulting market.
Aloha navigated this period well, ending the year with consultant
llisation at close to target levels, This resilient performance
reflects the strength of our business model and the expertise

of our people in addressing clients’ needs and challenges,

even during more uncertain periods.

While the sales cycle rernains langer as the supply and demand
dynamics continue to rebalance, the drivers for clients seeking
Alpha’s services remain prevalent, which is evidenced by our
healthy global sales pipeline.

Despite the more challenging environment in FY 24, the strategic
growth pillars that underpin our ambition remain consistent
further expansion in North America. the global scale-up and
roll-out of Aloha’s propositions, including alternatives and
insurance consulting, and selective acquisitions

The year in review

The Group achieved modest growth in net fee income, reflecting
the resilience of the business model despite challenging market
conditions. Throughout the year, the Group actively managed its
cost base aiongside utlisation and day rates, and continued to
build its pipeline of new business opportunities

alphatme.com

Market demand levels were slower to recover than first anticivated,
and our actions to manage the business through this environment
inciuded a limited number of redundancies to support affected
areas of the business. This was a very difficult decision, however
it was one that we felt was commensurate with the levels of
emand, and key to achieving more normal levels of uttlisation
and profitabilty.

As market conditions continued to rebalance, consultant
ulilisation rates improved through the final quarter, ending the year
at close to target levels albeit FY 24 margins remained lower than
histoncal tevels overall, Gross profit was £78.3m (FY 23: £80.4m)
reflecting lower average consultant utilisation, while maintaining
consistent day rates and actively managing variable costs.

12 months to 12 months to
31 March 31 March
2024 2023 Change
Net fee income
UK £91.2m fe71m 47%
North America £90.5m 914m (0.6%)
Europe & APAC £51.9m £49.0m 6.1%
Year-end totals £233.6m_ —_£227.2m 2.8%
12 months to 12 months to
31 March 31 March
2024 2023 Change
Gross profit
uk £33.0m £35.0m 6.8%)
North America £28.3m £30.0m 6.6%)
Europe & APAC £170m £16.4m 10.6%
Year-end totals £78.3m £80.4m (2.6%)

The UK region, which continues to attract clients and maintains
a leading reputation, generated 4,7% organic net fee income
growth to £91.2m (FY 23: £87.1m), The reduced gross profit
margin of 36.2% (FY 22: 40.2%) reflects lower average consultant
utilisation, partly offset by reduced variable costs and consistent
consultant day rates on the previous year. During the year, we
made selective hires as we invested for current demand and
future growth In addition to maintaining our graduate programme,
whieh is a source of future talent, we were pleased to make a
number of key director appointments. These included adding
three experienced directors to support Alpha UK's wealth sector
proposition, where we are working with many of the UK's top ter
wealth managers and private banks

Alpha's strategy includes rolling out its proposition to new clients
and locations. After the year end, Alpha has launched a branch in
Au Dhabi. which is overseen by and wil initially form part of the
UK business. Aou Dhabi is an important financial centre, and this
branch provides access to an area that is growing and transforming
rapidly. We are delighted that our offering, including our investments
proposition and technology services, is already resonating well
and attracting demand

North America net fee income was £90 5m (FY 23: £91.1m}

and up 3.8% ona constant currency basis, This resilient performance
in a competitive market environment follows more than 30%
average annual organic growth in the previous three years.


===== page 15 =====
Annual Repori & Accounts 2024 13

Akey pillar of our growth strategy, we continued to invest in our
services and peopie in this very sizeable market, broadening and
deepening our existing relationships and expanding our client base.
We added 58 new clients in the region in FY 24, anc at the year
‘end the North America team had 357 consultants (FY 23; 342).
We are pleased that our proposition there, which now
encompasses three sectors (asset and wealth management.
alternatives and insurance}, is resonating so well and we are
proud that Alpha has again ranked in “America's Best Management
Consulting Firms" by Forbes and Statista. We remain confident in
the significant market opportunity of North America, which is over
eight” times the size of the UK.

Europe & APAC delivered net tee income growth of 6.1% to
£51.9m (FY 2: £49.01), of which 1.4% was organic, In fine with
our acquisition strategy, we welcomed Shoreline to the Group at
the start of the year. With the integration complete, this boutique
asset and wealth management consultancy reinforces our
position in the APAC region. In Europe, we now have offices in
seven financial centres and we were delighted to have been
selected as a “#1 Consuiting Firm” in asset management in
France by Décideurs Magazine in the year. Across Europe &
APAC, we continue to see @ very strong opportunity for Alpha's
combined proposition of managernent and technology consulting.

Alpha has continued to rhake progress on its strategic growth
adjectives, further cementing its position as a feading provider of
specialist consulting services within the financial services

industry, We have grown our global client base across the sectors
that we service. Our global model, expertise and the alignment of
cour practices to our clients’ sectors and core functions Nave again
enabled us to deliver some af the most complex, challenging and
defining projects in the industry.

Lionpoint, our alternatives consulting business, experienced
another year of steady growth as our expertise and capabilities
continue to resonate with private equity, credit, infrastructure, real
estate and fund of funds clients. Traditional asset managers also
continue to seek to expand their books of alternative investments,
which brings @ need for technology investment and operating
model consolidation. Joint-offer opportunities between Lionpoint
and our Asset & Wealth Management Consulting tearm therefore
represent a significant criver for future growth.

Insurance consulting rernains a strategic growth pillar for Aloha
and we were delighted to complete on a goal to launch in the US
in FY 24, appointing two senior directors to spearnead progress
in that region. Both individuals have extensive industry experience
and established networks, which we will leverage to establish the
brand. In Europe, Alpha’s insurance consulting business added
new clients, reinforced its capabilities and expanded its tear of
deep sector exgerts

#1 Consulting Firm in asset
management in France,
Décideurs Magazine

*DDECIDEURS

We have continued to develop and align the Group's technology
consulting capabiities and solutions with our management consulting
proposition for each sector: asset and wealth management,
alternatives and insurance. Our technology solutions and delivery
tears possess unrivalled knowledge and expertise in the technology
platforms and models utiised in those sectors, and we are delivering
important strategic outcomes for our clients, focused on cost
reduction, management insights, automation and efficiency,

and scale-up.

g
FA
a
=
a
a
cy
cI
g

Acquisitions

We were pleased to complete the acquisition of Shoreline in

May 2023 to consolidate our offering In the APAC region. Selective
acquisitions remain a strategic growt pillar for Alpha and we
continue to review potential acquisition opportunities. Outline
heads of terms have been agreed recently with two small bolt-on
opportunities, which are currently subject to ongoing due diligence.

Financial performance summary

Group net fee income increased 2.8% to £233,6n (FY 28: £227.21r),
mainly organically and 4.8% on a constant currency basis.

Lower consultant utilisation and r'sing costs across a farger tear,
partly offset ay reduced variable costs, resulted in reduced adjusted
EBITDA on the previous year of £42.2m (FY 23: £46.6m) at an adjusted
EBITDA margin of 18.0% (FY 23: 20.5%). The Group delivered a slightly
improved margin in 12 compared to the first half as the market
continues to rebalance supply and demand dynamics.

Adjusted profit before tax was £38.5m {FY 23: £44.0m), and
adjusted earnings per share ("EPS") was 24.90p (FY 23: 29.27p}

On a statutory basis, revenue increased 3.0% to £235.5m (FY 23:
£228.7m}, operating profit decreased to £25.1m (FY 23: £28.6m)
and profit before tax was £22. 6m (FY 23: £25.8m). Basic EPS.
was 18.85p (FY 23: 15.82p),

The Group ends the period with increased sales wins and a strong
pipeline of new business opportunities. This resilient performance,
in the context of the competitive market conditions in FY 24,
demonstrates the strength of Alpha’s business model and client
proposition. The Chief Financial Officer's report provides further
information about the financiai performance of the last 12 months.

Our people
As Alpha celebrated its 20" anniversary this financial year, we
take pride in our team and aur achievements. Alpha started life
as a single sector consultancy in the UK, The Group now includes
4.000 consulants, in addition to its business operations staff,
with offices in a number of locations across the globe,

In 20 years, one thing has remained consistent about Alpha’s
success: our people.

11 Thirking Anead instiluie ane Pensions & dovestmerts, “The world’s largest S00 asset managers” ctober 2020)

alphatme.com


===== page 16 =====
14 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

Our people continued

Our clients recognise the quality of our people and their exclusive
sectorspecitic focus. It helps to define our propasition, but what
makes us Stand out as a market-leading consulting fir is our
global teams’ unrelenting attentian to delwering projects ta the
very highest standards. This has always been reflected in the high
levels of repeat business and growth of our client base, and was
evidenced by over 90% of revenue in the year being generated by
existing cients. | am proud of Alpha's people every year, BUI this
year has been exceptional for its challenges and | am garticularly
grateful for the focus on solving clients’ needs and delivery
excellence shown in this cifficult market environment.

While we focus on identifying and attracting the right people to
Alpha, itis also important that we can retain, nurture and develop
the best consulting talent in the market. We constantly strive to
ensure that we foster an inclusive and meritocratic culture that
offers opportunities for progression and success, aided by a robust
support system. We were delighted to have been nominated and to
have won a place in the Top 10 Best Large Companies to Wark For
and as a Top 5 Consultancy to Work For by Best Companies, a
leading employee engagement specialist in the UK.

While in the last 12 months we have approached hiring selectively,
reflecting the wider market environment, we are pleased to have
grown our headcount of global consultants to 1,000 [FY 23: 994),
We made 16 director aopointments, including both strategic
additions in all our régions and internal promotions. underscoring
our ongoing investment in talent development and progression

Asat As at
31 March 31 March

2024 2023 Ghange
Consultant headcount
UK 385 394 2.3%)
North America 357 342 44%
Europe & APAG 258 258 -
Year-end totals 1,000 994 0.6%

Sustainable growth

At Aloha, we are focused on dullding a platform for long-term
success and delivenng outstanding outcomes for all our stakeholders
We nurture and safeguard a strong sustainability culture, which
for us means commitments to diversity and inclusion, cornmunity
impact werk and our actions to address climate change

Yoo 10 Best Large Companies
to Work For aware

In the last year, we have continued to develop our ESG
jrameworks and reporting disclosures. We recently published
‘our first dedicated Sustainability Report, which explains Alpha's
position and objectives, and the governance we use to apply
and monitor them. | encourage you to read it to understand
more about our focus on diversity and social responsibility,
strong governance, and the part we want to play in the
environment and combating climate change.

Diversity and inclusion is one of the most important focus areas
Yor Allpha, now and as we grow the business. We can be a better
employer and a better partner for our clients through the diversity
of perspectives that our people bring, and we are on a journey to
improving the diversity of our teams globally. We were delighted
to announce our first oublic diversity target this year, for 25% of
the global director tearm to be women or nonbinary in five years’ time.

We are also very excited about the progress being made in the
financial services sectors we operate in. We are proud that ESG
is at the heart of Alpha's service offering and that we can support
clignts in adopting relevant and meaningful approaches, We look
forward to sharing more about our developments and plans as
they progress.

Current trading and outlook

Despite some uncertainty and ongoing challenges as the supply
and demand dynamics in the global consulting market cantinue
to rebalance, client demand remains robust, and consultant
utilisation has improved through the last quarter of FY 24 and was
maintained into the early part of FY 25. While further improvernent
in utilisation is required in certain areas of the business through
FY 25, we enter the year with a strong new business opportunity
pipeline, higher sales win levels and a healthy net cash postion.

The iong-terrn structural drivers of demand including growth in
assets and insurance policies, regulatory demand, cost pressures,
client and societal expectations, and technology breakthroughs
continue to present significant growth opportunities for us.

We have continued to invest in our people, recognising their
importance m our future growth. The trust and relationships that
our people cultivate with our clients provide significant cross- and
joint-seling opportunities between our sector-focused services.
Our people and client relationships are comerstones of our
business model and organic growth ambitions.

We also continue to see and respond to the strategic growth
drivers of North America and addressing the market opportunity
in the newer sectors of insurance and alternatives. Our selective
investments in peopl, the service propositian and our business
model, make us welt placed to capitalise on improving

market conditions,

With the structural drivers of demand remaining In place, our
market-leading consultants, and our highly compelling client
proposition, we are well positioned for the future and remain
focused on our ambition to double the business again by 2026

Luc Baqué
Chef Executive Officer

Ph jars

12 The staternent that the Alpha Group's orawth plan has an ambiton to double the size of ts business by 202M is aspirational only and should not be construed as a profit forecast within

trq “nearing cl ra Takeover Coda Th
Aipra’s grewir 1p dies mater aly

be“

vig avpracead amprior

alphatme.com

ty tral Alara wil ace 9s amon

DIMES GAS ENO VAF GUS ASSLITBICNS “eke Arc UFeeTtaimas That COuk! Lasse


===== page 17 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 15

Q&A:
Luc Baque,

Chief Executive Officer

How is the competitive environment
impacting your utilisation?

The global consulting market has experienced a more competitive
environment during FY 24 and this has resulted in a longer sales cycle
and, consequent, utilisation levels were impacted. We were pleased
to be able to maintain consistent consultant day rates during FY 24,
which continue to hold steady into FY 25. This reflects the quality

of our service offering and our specialism in financial markets
sectors, where we can add significant value to our clients. We believe
that consutant Utilisation will be more straightforward to recover in
due course, as we have begun to see in Q4,

Why has Alpha continued to hire

during this period?

Whilst we have slightly increased our overall headcount, FY 24
growth was more modest than in previous years. We have been
very selective in the appointments, focusing on future
development in line with our strategy. For example, we hired two
very experienced directors to establish our Insurance Consulting
business in North America and have grown our Lionpoint team as
we continue to build up the alternative investments proposition.
Alpha is also committed to developing and fostering early talent,
offering a competitive graduate scheme, and we welcorned a
further graduate intake in the period. In all these cases, we see
these appointments as cautious but appropriate steps to
harnessing significant potential growth aver the coming years.

Can you tell us about your new business
pipeline and the sales cycle?

We expect longer sales cycles to remain a feature in the shorter-
term as clients strive to balance their costs with their immediate
and long-term priorities. However, there are signs of improvernent
and Alpha is well placed for that recovery. Our sales pipeline
indicates robust demand for our services, with ever-greater
collaboration between management and technology consulting
presenting a strong opportunity for the combined go-to-market
approach and cross-sel|, We are excited about the global nature
of our pipeline, which includes a strong mix in sectors and
practice areas, including significant multi-year orogremmes of
work. We have already seen some more positive market
sentiment at the start of the current financial year, with a good
level of new business wins.

4
3
3
i
2
z
3
8

How do you feel about your
2028 ambitions?

We remain focused on our ambition to double net fee income
again by 2028”, which has been our goal since we announced it
in March 2023. Our oriority is to achieve this while maintaining a
record of profitable growth. We have been taking action to protect
our margins and profits in the current environment, alongside a
Strong focus on business develapment, and we believe that these
market concttions wil be a short-term feature. Underpinning these
are the key pillars of our strategy: scaling up and broadening our
secler focused proposition; enhancing and diversifying our offering in
geographical markets, such as in the significarit North America
market; and making selective acquisitions.

me.com


===== page 18 =====
16 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

Business model

Our resources

Client Industry Financial
The best talent . : Expertise
relationships networks p strength
We dtaw or the We cukivate strong, We mantan close Our gonsuttants We are a consistently
marketieaaing long-term relaonsrips contacts wth vendors, specialise exclusively in profitable ard
experience, knowledgo with chants, leading to industry bosies, particuior sectors, cash-generative
and highest delvery high levels of repeat vequlatery autnanities ana meaning we are fully Group with the fniancial
standards of our people bushes and cormpetitors to inform our ‘focused cn each of the resources to invest in
to solve cur chents ‘opportunities to understanding of ihe cant sagmants we expanding our activities
problems and meet cross-sell mutiple markets in which we adidress, We offer insight, globally ard to new chert
their objectives. service offerings. ‘operate and support our methodologies and types ard consulting aes
work far clients. thought leadership basea
on pur feaging postion in
the market.
Our competitive advantages
Ablity to lertify, attract ard retain the: Abity to apply best practice, aiferantating Continuous development of the proposition
best falent. intellectual property and data, technology to anticipate client needs.
Astrong culture that fosters excellance. solutions and market-leading knowledge An emphasis on provicing the highest quality
Collaboration and ethical conduct, daveloped over 20 years, of service and, wherever possible. exceeding
A focused, specialist proposition for the asset Amult-boubque structure with an extremely chants’ expectation:
and wealth management, akematwes and Solid oross-seling framework ar culture
insurance sectors, of collaboration.
How value is shared
Clients Shareholders Our people Community Environment
We help asset and weak We defiver torg-term: We enable our people to We promote ethical conduct We prranitise evaluating our
managers, insuranc® capital appreciation for ow develop ther skits ant and a corporate cuture that impact on the eraironment
compares. prwate market rwesiors through share tner careers by workirgon ques tack to tre eager by understanding our
firms, service providers. price growth and regular high-impact projects with ‘community and values nergy usage ana our
platforms. iniermediares. dividend payments, {he feacing companies diversity arctinetusion ir arbor footprint, We wall
technology partnars and a supported by the Group's thew specialist area. We its broadest sense. We contribute to tts protection
range ot other buy-side- continued growth. We: offer a mentocratic and contribute by supporting by seeking to reduce
firms solve their most preserve the value ofther —erjoyabie corporate culture chantabie:rtaiwes greenhouse gas emissions
pressing strategie irvestmrent by managing alongside incentive inelusing our Granty of sherover possible and
problems ard became ‘asks appropnately schemes, raring and the Year programme, and cortmuing to oifsat those
mare successful support to faciltate region-speciic volurteenrg thal we carrot reduce.
indwaval develoomert atid mentoring
and progression.
9, 1°,
146 154.9% 50%+ £100,000+
7 ure routes EPS P owrector "as2C 10" Dur
Baa pot ates wong ° erariies of tre yee
xe aa sore promoted 3960 Allyl admission.

cater

engsiee acteerg

aenk? owMteenng
“AI SS ANG OO
seqg ork

aiphatme.com


===== page 19 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 17

How we create value

Data Solutions
& Products

Management Technology
Consulting Consulting

g
Fs
5
a
3
zp
3
3
Hy

Wealth Management

Platform for growth
Alpha grows in three dimensions

ps | Consulting activity Geography

Management philosophy
Alpha's mantra supports strategic and management decisions

f serene | Set experts sere

Strategy in action

1 2 3
Seale up.and. Rolt out

broaden the the client Make selective

Group's client proposition acquisitions

proposition globally

Global operations model

Business management

Finance oral chews IT operations Risk
Legal and Human resources Recruitment Responsible business
corporate affairs My Ps

alphafme.com


===== page 20 =====
18

Annuai Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

Market overview

The Group's specialist consultants provide their depth of expertise and market
experience to support clients in navigating and managing the following themes.
as well as in how to take advantage of any opportunities they pose. We remain
very well placed to address these long-term, structural trends through
developing effective solutions from operating model design, to technology
selections and implementations, to change delivery and support, as well as
implementing strategies to secure long-term growth and profitability.

46

6s

As we entered 2024 we saw some early signs of
optimism, and our discussions with clients predict
modest. positive expectations relative to 2025
While we expect continued volatility. the long-
term opportunities presented by accelerating
digital transformation and integrating
technologies like artificial mtelligence. machine
learning, and digital assets are becoming pivotat
to optimising operational efficiency and
enhancing client experiences, We predict thase
high-quality, resilient firms embracing
transformation to outperform their peers
significantly. Amongst this. we predict an uptick in
MBA activity as larger firms look to expand mto
new business areas and locations.”

Joe Morant
Global Head of Asset 5 Wealth
Management Consulting

Globally, there contmues to be an

pveral rewsignting fron: tracirona.

su/2 assets ot
3 vatives AUM Eacr a

with particular nuances in terms of the
technology and operating model required to
support it and there is an overarching focus on
consoiiaated data architectures to connect
these tools and models. We contmus to expect
growth in the sector ana with that growth we
anticipate significant opportunity to betp our
clents 1s thay focus on margins. technology
riatur ty and mereased reguiarory scrutiny

Nick Fienberg
Global Head of Lionpoint

alphafme.com

4s

66

The giobal insurance market continues to present
opportunities and challenges as FY 24 closes,
Overall market mdicaters such as GWP indicate
that the mdustry ts returning to historical norms.
of growth alongside continued improvement in
profitability of our clients. As the industry looks
forward, general insurers will need to adjust
increased cost bases m the post-inflationary
environment by more effectively managing -laims
costs and addressing process and technology
deficiencies. Life insurers will continue to see
improvements in their balance sheets via
investment terms from higher mterest rates
creating opportunities to invest in product

and techreingy ts support clans and

shannet interactio>

Stuart McNulty
Global Head of Insurance Consulting

Asset managers increasingly look for global
enterprise solutions across traditional and
alternative assets and as the

acm

Qegice

Lon

ape

dar grodacts zr Bgrisaniwes
further capitalise on opportunities as a result
af aur growirg

Lee Griggs
Global Head of Aivig


===== page 21 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 19

Long-term structural drivers shaping our financial services clients in asset
and wealth management, alternatives and insurance:

1. Growth in AUM and GWP

Trend

6% Global AUM CAGR 2018 to 2023 expected to continue”

Statistic

6% forecasted CAGR in global insurance market

2. Cost pressures and MEA

2
Fy
s
é
=
z
3
3
8

Over 14 in 3 asset managers are planning to
renegotiate fees with vendors to lower costs

219% increase in the value of M&A activity in Q1 2024
as compared to Q1 2023"¢

2 Alpha's clients have faced challenging macro conditions in the An increased cost base from inflation and higher rates coupled
8 last two years, including high interest rates and inflation, which —_with margin pressures from lower-cost products and increased
2 have not been as transitory as expected, alongside a return of _regulation have caused a deterioration in cost-income ratios
= market volatility. Despite thess hurdles, the underlying drivers Consequently, clients are looking at how to improve profitability
& for growth persist. Assets under management have continued
= to grow globally, with a five-year compound annual growth rate ‘HTS Continue to oull classic cost levers to address this,
PCAGR' of 6% with net flows remaining positive. We would including process optimisation, global enterprise technology
expect these trends te continue’ solutions, spans of contro}, outsourcing, and re-tendering.
‘Our clients follow similar guiding principles when transforming
Against this backdrop, investment firrns are actively pursuing their cost base: to ensure any cost-cutting dees not paralyse
diversification. Asset managers are broadening their investment growth, to identify and implement quick wins early, and to
strategies based on market demand, developing strategies in balance traditional cost-saving measures with the nuances
altematives, sustainable products and, particularly in the US, of their relevant sectors.
active ETFS. Private equity, alternative credit, infrastructure and
real estate are experiencing sustained growth in this regard, and Me" is a renewed focus on sales enablement ane cata orven
assets under management for this section of the market have Gecision making to improve competitiveness while seeking to
continued to grow globally with a 8-year CAGR of 119. This manage costs, which is often underpinned by technological change.
strategy allows firms to provide more comprehensive solutions We also expect an increase in M&A, joint venture or alliance
and diversification to both institutional and retail investors, as activity as well-capitalised companies look to expand globally
regulations evolve for the latter in iliquid asset classes, into new capabilities and emerging markets but with less of a
For insurers gross written premium (“GWP") projections rive to realise cost synergies via acquisition
continue to grow criven in part by higher rates and a growing We anticipate increases in this type of activity as interest rates begin
global middle class. Consequently we are seeing a particular to normalise, and pressure mounts fo out committed capital to work
focus from our clients on how to increase their share of GWP. We nave already seen a big uptick in activity from our private equity
clients from the second half of FY 23, particularly in the wealth
segment across technology, platforms and financial advisers.
8 With growth projected to continue in the Group's core client Alpha has ult a reputation among olients as a market-leading
§ markets, the demand for consutting services is anticipated to specialist consultancy to support projects that address structural
£ grow over the long term. This favourable market outlook provides cost drivers in their business. We recognise the nuances of our
robust underlying prospects far Alpha's businesses globally sector, and that benchmarks are an input, not the answer.
s Alpha has an excellent record of anticipating and addressing Our approach is valued because we not only advise on “what”

client demane and avalving needs while enhancing its competitive
advantages. This includes deepening and broadening its
sector-specitic expertise, leveraging established delwery
frameworks, strengthening technology transformation
capabilities, and providing industry insights across the asset
and wealth management, alternatives and insurance sectors

the targets should be but “how” to achieve them

We support clients in identifying long-term growth opportunities
instead of short-term remedies, recognising that cost review
exercises cannot paralyse growth

Through our sector specific offerings. we support different
clients in considering and reconfiguring operating models and
addressing cost structures across their organisations.

Our M&A proposition helps clients identify, evaluate, and execute
acauisitions to assist them in realising their strategic goals, Clear
valuation creation planning wil become ever more important for
porticlio cornpanies, an area in which our industry experts assist
our clients.

19 Broadndge G-obal Markel inteligence Date i223)
16 Allan?, ‘Nawgatng growth and challenges F a raociy

changing world” (May 2024), costs’ (line 2023)

Yb The TRADE, "Over a third of asset maragers are
planning 1o feregotate fees with verdors to lower

16 RetallSianker International, "MBA in financial services
ecraased nt 2024" May 2022)

alphafme.com


===== page 22 =====
20

Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

5 3. Ongoing regulatory change 4, Digital transformation and
r technology breakthroughs
Fat $10.5b0 of regulatory tines were imposed by authorities 73% oi asset and wealth management service providers
5: on financial services firms in 2028 believe generative Al will positively impact business in the
° next 12 to 18 months®
2 Global regulators continue to focus on the outcomes customers Technology transformation remains a core priority for our
8 are receiving from products and services. There is also an clients. Margin pressure, regulatory compliance and increased
= increased focus on resiliency driven oy market volatility anc competition are all leading to invastment in technology, There
3 geopolitical risk. A growing number of technology focused has also been significant advancement in the technologies
3 regulations are looking at technological acvances, Al and cata themselves suoh as clouid-enabled integration and Al
“ compet el 9@ adhered to without hampering Much focus on technology innovation picks up on the idea of
getting closer to clients, for example via hyper personalisation,
In addition, globel rule sets are becoming more complex. Clients andi Alphe’s clients are looking at how they can get closer to the
with a global footprint face the challenge of ensuring consistency customer relationship via technology, data and digital servicing
in their approach to diverse regulatory regimes across jursdictons, oy atternative investment managers, we continue to see growth
Alarge and evolving agenda of regulatory change puts pressure —_ across all asset classes, particularly aiternative crecit. We have
onall parts of our clients’ businesses to ensure compliance. also seen increasing retail appetite fer access to alternatives,
Heads of Risk and Compliance need to ensure that their teams’ —_ which comes with regulatory scrutiny. These asset classes
skilisets keep pace with the complexity of the regulations require best-of-breed technolagies underpinned by robust
surrounding ESG, cyber, financial, and operational resilience, and transparent data modeis and architectures,
‘The need for faster and better data to evidence complance
remains a longer-term priority. Regulators continue to follow
amore data-led supervisory approach and increase their
expectations of firms’ capabitties. The challenge of regulatory
divergence and differing rules across multi-jurisdictional
business models remains a key focus area.
3 Alpha supports some of the world’s leading asset and wealth ‘Our management and technology consulting services offer
5 managers, alternatives investment managers and insurers in complete solutions for clients looking to optimise their operations
8 developing their compliance, operational resilience, and risk and processes while investing in efficient technology solutions.
management frameworks. .
3 Alpha's sector focused consultants, including our specialist
£ Alpha's Regulatory Risk & Compliance practice covers most offering for alternative investment managers, enables clients to

financial hubs. It comprises a team of seasoned ex-reguiators,
practitioners, and experienced consultants who know how
global regulators think and what they expect

Alpha can therefore bring leading regulatory expertise

and market best practices to transform how our clients
handle regulatory compliance and risk. We focus on efficient
regulatory change implementation and supporting our clients
to future-proof with adaptive compliance and proactive risk
management frameworks.

The team also works closely with Alpna's ESG & Responsible
Investment practice, Aipna’s technology and data teams to
combine knowledge and expertise in addressing complex
regulatory challenges and obligations and making the necessary
updates to operating models and data governance

recaive highly relevant advice and implementation approaches
across technology, data and digital challenges and opportunities.

We continue to scale up and globalise other relevant practices, such
as data and cloud services in our Technology Consulting business.
We are also expanding cur data science propostion to make data
and analytics an essential business tool in delivering operational
efficiency gains and supporting strategic decision making

Alongside our consulting offering that encompasses anaiysis.
solutions definition and implementation, Alpha’s Aiviq ousiness
offers a data-driven software plattorm for asset managers. The
core AUM and flows product addresses the need for investment
managers to make informed decisions powered by data

As A| continues to evolve and present new opportunities and
challenges to our industry, Alpha’s Al specialists help clients
grapple with how best to deploy this technology, and form a
comprehensive Al strategy. We are also seeing increased
demand for Al implementation, often linked to a focus on cost

*? Fwilach Globes, "Nangatig the regulatory mneteld” Yanuery 202¢).

Agel ar Meath Maragemer: 202
Forlio © Yaragers "How Fearn at Services Fins Are Wi

alphatme.com

var vary 2028)
sting wth ESG May 2020)



===== page 23 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 21

5. ESG and societal expectations

83% of financial services firms expect more influence from
guiators to increase ESG.activities’®

ESG continues to evolve from a commercial priority to @ regulatory
necessity, Sustainability and resconsible investment teams nave
been under intense and prolonged pressure as they support their
firms’ compliance efforts with sustainabllity-related regulation and
address emerging ant-ESG sentiment in some regions.

Locking forward, we will see continued focus on meeting
ESG-related regulation and increased attention on existing
and emerging sustainability themes, including climate, natural
capital, social factors, and double materiality - considering an
investmant's ESG imgacts on the world and the financial
materiality of ESG factors. The effective integration of ESG
datasets creates a new challenge for technology and data
operating models.

A key priority for Heads of Sustainability and Responsible
Investments will be using their teams to the best effect and
positioning their efforts as a strategic driver of value for their firm
Differentiating their sustainability value proposition from peers will
be a particular challenge whilst they drive deeper ESG integration
into the investment process.

Our ESG & Responsible investment team has unrivated
experience and market insight to help clients define and embed
their chosen ESG approach and aperating model, Our extensive
expertise in sustainability regulation enables us to support them
in their journeys to uncierstanding and responding to regulations
such as TCFD, SDR and now CSRD.

We work in muitisle geographies te deliver projects across public
and private assets for asset managers, asset owners, and wealth
and insurance clients.

Our consulting work in this area remains complementary to
Alpha's core consulting capabilities, which include work on
product, regulations, data and technology scalability, and
client engagement.

In response to client demand, we are also helping organisations
in areas such as sustainability risk and greenwashing, These
caabilities undergin our core strategic offering of supporting
clients in defining their ESG and responsible investment vision,
strategy, and roadmap with market-leading assessments and
peer insights:

The power

of our people
The growth:

opportunity

g
Fy
s
a
3
2
z
3
g

Employee insight

As Head of Asset & Wealth
Management Consulting in
North America, we see growth
opportunities abound for Alpha
in North America.

Alpna’s core offerings to investment managers and
ingurers are highly differentiated and we are welt placed
to accelerate our growth in the largest single-market

in the world,

In asset management, we see huge opportunities to
expand our coverage of the hundreds of “boutique”
($10-1005n AUM) managers in the United States.

The Canadian market also offers amazing growth
opportunities particularly with the ‘arge public pension
funds. We are growing our footprint with asset owners
and insurance-owned managers across the region
Wealth management has the potential to be as large
as asset management for Aloha, and we are investing to
take advantage of the enormous opportunities for growth
that we see in this segment.

Trends in the market are creating new opportunities for us
to service our clients. We are uniquely we! placed to help
asset managers and alternatives managers capitalise on
the continued growth in private markets. We are helping
clients to navigate margin pressure with cost optimisation
programmes. And the growth of new products such as
direct-indexing and retail SMAs in the United States have
clients seeking Alpha's advice given our unique vantage
point and expertise across the value-chain

We continue to grow our technology consulting
capabilities across ali our segments in North America
and are seeing growing demand for our unique brand
of high-quality technology consulting backed by
industry-Jeading, business-focused expertise.

We see enormous potential for continued growth in the
vast and dynamic North America market.

Mike Burns.
Head of Asset & Wealth Management
Consulting North America

aiphatme.com


===== page 24 =====
22 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

svwsnipone te

Strategic Report

Strategy

To continue to develop and succeed
as a leading consulting services
group, our strategy for growth
includes the following objectives:

[Read more about our strategy in the
Chief Executive's report on p. 12

Key progress in FY 24

— Consultant headcount of 1,000 at 31 March 2024, up from
Scate up and broaden the 904 at 31 March 2023.
Group's client proposition by :
adding services and consulting pega eae eae a
activities that together present offerings: Operations, Wealth and Alternatives.
a differentiated and more Further development and alignment of technology consulting

comprehensive offering across sector taams to enhance our market-facing structure.

— Continued to expand the alternatives capability across
management consulting and technology consulting through
the Lionpoint team.

Roll out the client proposition — Continued to roll out Alpha’s consulting proposition and
lobally and activities globally, including the launch of the Insurance
globally and progress Consulting team in North America.

opportunities to grow further Regional leads in place ‘or the Group's key service areas

within our markets covering all sectors to oversee delivery excellence, cross-seling
and further growth across regions.

— Continued to identify and progress opportunities in giobal
markets, acding 146 new clients and growing market share

Growth of director neadcount by 15 to 116 at 31 March 2024
including two new directors in the newly launched North
America Insurance Consulting team ang senior appointments
to the Wealth Management segment in the UK.

— Acquired and integrated the Shoreline business with Alona’s
Asset & Wealth Management Consulting team and offering
in APAC.

alphafms.com


===== page 25 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 23

Areas of focus

— Continue to evaluate and respond to market demands for
new products and services, as well as add new propositions
that will attract new clients and enable the sale of additional
services to existing clients.

— Continue to focus an enhancing cross-selling opportunities
through a collaborative approach across all business teams
and sectors.

— Continue to deepen and extend the Group's insurance,
technology and alternatives capabilities, alongside providing
dedicated software solutions to the asset management
sector through the Aivig business.

— Continue to attract and appoint experienced directors in line
with demand, as well as grow our own talent to support and
grow the Group's client proposition further.

'

Roll out the Groun’s existing business practices anc
complementary offerings progressively across ail regions.

— Continue to establish new branch in Abu Dhabi, launched
after the year end, ensuring Alpha’s value prooosition is
accessible to clients locally and in the wider region.

'

Continued focus in North America where there is stil significant
opportunity to gain further market share through the ongoing
development and rall-out of the Group's service offering.

~ Continue to build out consulting in insurance, technology anc
alternatives capabilities giobally, as well as launch into new
markets where there is demand.

— Alpha continues to review acquisitions that can complement
organic growth and maintains @ healthy acquisition pipeline.

The power

of our people
The best

expertise

Employee insig

At Alpha, we meticulously design
programme structures and
assemble bespoke delivery teams
to ensure the most appropriate
talent is in the room with the
client from the outset, and
throughout the delivery,

of engagements.

Getting to Know the client, and understanding their asset
class-specific requirements is at the core of our offering,
leveraging specialist expertise to guarantee a combination
of asking the right questions, providing impactful answers,
and executing on a client's strategic direction,

‘As part of the Lionpoint team, | service tne alternatives
investment client sector. Throughout the lifecycle of a
programme, the experts working on it may evolve, pivoting
&$ required to the direction of the client's ultimate goal.
Our strength is in the breadth of specialists we have to
deploy across our client base and their varying challenges
This has been enabled through recruiting at an exoerienced
\evel from three core areas:

1. Industry - coming from investment firms, from the
Front to Back Offices, bringing knowledge of specific
processes and common pain points.

2. Technology vendors — to complement the
technology advisory capabilities, this ensures we
have the latest methodologies to hand on targeting
implementation efficiencies

3. Management consulting = ensuring a fundamental,
core base of quality delivery and transformation
‘experience across all our projects.

These different professional backgrounds heip build a rich
blend of experience, knowledge, and delivery techniques.
‘Once people are onboarded, Alpha nurtures an environment
in which ali members of teams are encouraged to share
their expertise and learning internally, and to support the
further development of our knowledge base, people and
methodologies. Cross-team collaboration therefore becomes:
the key way of working, often unearthing previously unseen
opportunities for our clients, and further enabling organic
growth of our expertise firm wide.

Louis de Watteville
Senior Manager. Lionpoint UK
alphafme.com

g
FA
g
a
EF
2
a
y
e
a



===== page 26 =====
24 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

Key performance indicators

The Board has defined the following key performance indicators (“KPIs”).
These KPIs link to the Group’s growth strategy and are used to monitor
the Group's income statement and performance.

These are discussed further in the Chief Financial Officer's report
on pp 26-30, which forms part of this Strategic Report.

Revenue

£235.5m

‘The revenue KPI measures how well the Group
has expanded its business through organic and
inorganic growth

Net fee income”?

£233.6m

Net fee income is revenue before incidental
expenses and is used as an alternate KPI
indicate the uncerlying productive operating
performance of the Group,

Gross profit

£78.3m

This KPI helps to measure the profitability of the
Group and the success of the business model,

FY D4
Fy2a
FY22
Fy2t
FY 20
FY

FY

FY 24
FY 23
FY 22
Fy 21
Fy20
FY 19
FY 18

FY 24
FY 28
FY 22
FY2t
FY 20
FY
FY “8

£78.3m

20 Refer to the Chief nancial OsScor's report and to note 4 of the consolidated financial statements for further information on the adjusted performance measures: net fovincome,

adjusted EBITOA and agjusted cash generated fram operations.
alphatme.com


===== page 27 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 25

Adjusted EBITDA

£42.2m

Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation,
amortisation and adjusting items is a measure
of the underlying profitability of the Group.

Adjusted cash generated
from operations

£23.6m

Adjusted cash generated from operations reflects
the Group's underlying operating cash flows,
excluding the impact of acjusting items.

Headcount

1,000

The year-end headcount KP| measures the growth
in the Group's fee-generating consultants globally.

FY 24
FY 23
Fy 22
Fy 21
FY 20
Prag.
FY 18

FY 24
FY 23
Fy 22
Fy 24
FY 20
Fy 19

FY 18

Fy 24
FY 23
Fy 22,
Fy 20
FY 20
FY 19
Fy 18

£42.2m

alphafme.com

g
Ff
5
a
3
2
E
3
3



===== page 28 =====
26 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

Chief Financial Officer's report

_

John Paton
Chief Financial Officer

bs Alpha has demonstrated resilience in a more
challenging and competitive global consulting
market environment this year, with net fee
income rising by 2.8% and constant currency
growth in all regions. The adjusted EBITDA
margin is 18.0%, with careful variabie cost control.
The balance sheet remains robust with close to

£30m net cash, and the Group starts FY 25 with
robust client demand and a strong pipeline of
new business opportunities.”

IFRS and alternative performance measures
(’APMs")

A range of results metrics are set out to demonstrate the Group's
performance. These include measures presented on a statutory
basis in accordance with international accounting standards
IFRS") and APMs, which are provided to allow further
understanding of the underlying performance of the Group across
financial periods. The differance between IFAS and APMs arises
from the adjusting items, 2s set out in detail in note 4 to the
consolidated financial statements. The APMs presented are not
consigered superior to FAS measures; these shouid be considered
together for a full understanding of the performance af the Group.
Whilst tne Group's APMs may not be comperabie across other
companies, they nave been presented consistently over time to
provide meaningful trend information, and there is only limited
change to their composition and definition in FY 24

The exclusion of adjusting items in the Group's APMs may resuft in
adjusted profitability being materially higher when compared with
the nearest equivalent statutory measures The Board uses
adjusted profit measures to assess tne performance of the Group
because it considers these measures aid understanding of the
underlying profitability of the business and allow for comparability
oetween periods. Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements
sets out further details of Alphas APMs and a full reconciliation to
the relevant statutory measures. These adjusting tems decreased
in the year, primarily retlecting a reduced earn-out and deferred
consideration expense and a lower share-based payment charge,
partially offset by some restructuring costs this year

alphatme.com

As noted above, the Group's share-based payment charge and
related social security taxes are excluded from adjusted profit
measures, This allows for better comparability between periods
given the complexity of the assumptions underiying the calculation
and the multi-year effect of mid-cycle changes to certain
assumptions being adjusted for on a cumulative bas's, sometimes
resulting in material fluctuations in the charge between periods that
are not refective of the underiying operational performance of the
business, The charge and related social security taxes are also
subject to external factors, such as the Group's share price, over
which the Directors” have less day-to-day influence compared to
‘other more directly controllable factors. This approach has been
applied consistently across reporting periods.

‘The Group will continue to assess the status of this charge as an
adjusting item in the Group's financial statements, considering the
development of the charge, the Group arid its remuneration policies.
if no adjustment was made for the share-based payment charge,
adjusted EBITDA for the year would be £34 8m (FY 23: £38.67}
ang adjusted EBiTDA margin would be 14.9% (FY 23: 17.0%), Note
22 10 the corsoldated financial staternents sets cut further details of
the employee share-based payment expense caicuiation under IFRS 2


===== page 29 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 27

12 months to. 12 months to.

31 March 31 March
2024 2023 Change
Revenue £235.5m_ £228.7m 3.0%
Net fee income £233.6m £227.2m 2.8%
Gross profit £78.3m £80.4m 2.6%)
Operating profit £25.1m £28.6m (12.4%)
Adjusted EBITDA $42.2 £46.6m (9.5%)
Adjusted EBITDA margin 18.0% 20.5% (250 bps)
Adjusted profit before tax, £38.5m £44.0m (12.5%)
Protit before tax £22.6m £25.8m (12.4%)
Adjusted EPS 24.90p 29.27p (14.9%)
Adjusted diluted EPS 23.34p 27.37p 64.7%)
Basic EPS 13.85p 15.82p (12.5%)

Group results

Group performance has been resilient this year, navigating a more
challenging and competitive market backdrop

Revenue

Ina more competitive market environment, the Group performed
teslllently Unis year will el fee inwume up by 2.6% compared

to the last financial year, and 4.8% on a constant currency basis,
(mostly organically. Revenue also grew 3.0%, including increased
rechargeable expenses, compared to last year.

Overall, the Group’s revenue and net fee income growth reflects
ongoing client demand across a slightly larger global consulting
team on average, set against the more compelilive environment
and longer sales cycles generally. We were pleased to maintain
consistent consultant day rates overall, albeit at lower than target
average consuitant utilisation, particularly during the first haif
summer months. All our geographic regions celivered net fee
income growth on 2 constant currency basis in Ine year, with

an inorganic contribution from the acquisition of Shoreline.

The Group's largest geographic region, the UK, delivered good
4.7% organic net fee income growth on last year. We continued

to see robust client damand in our established practices, retaining
‘our market-leading reputation and supporting some of the highest
profile projects. This included substantial contributions from our
asset and wealth management capabilities in Investments, Operations
and Client & Digital, and UK Alternatives Consulting also delivering
strongly, growing Ineir headcount by over 20% to 78.

Cc

TECH
2023

Aivia named in the
“WealthTach Top 100" (2023)

Our newer UK insurance consulting team consolidated its position
this year after strong growth in recent years. The UK ended the
year with total headcount of 385, dawn Qin the year including a
small recent restructuring process given UK market conditions
Overall UK consultant utilisation enced the year below target
Utilisation levels, firming closer to target levels through the first
quarter of FY 25.

Within the UK results, while Alpha’s Data and Product Solutions
ousiness, Aivig, delivered flat revenue against last year, it also
recently secured a major, new top-ten global asset management
client, underscoring the market-leading Aiviq technology offering
We are delighted that Aiviq’s proposition has been endorsed in
this wey alongside recognition from a FinTech Giobal Wealth Tech
“Top 100" award in the year.

In North America, after almost doubiing its top line in the previous year,
FY 24 saw a flatter profile with net fee income growing 3.8% ona
constant currency basis and easing 0.6% on a reported basis.
Our Alternative Invastments Consutting business, Lionpoint, continued
to tradle well enjoying strong client demand and adding 47 new
clients in the region, The North America business expanded its
domestic client base, as well as successfully capturing client
demand through a number of cross-selling opportunities with its
existing clients, although it experienced some fee rate compression
during the year. In line with the Group's selective approach to hiring
in FY 24, headcount in North America increased by 15 consultants
overall, including investing in the launch of our Insurance Consulting
offering in North America with two senior team hires. North America
witnessed the tougher market conditions earlier than the rest of
the Group and has started FY 25 with the team well deployed,
growing consultant numbers and a strong pipeline of interesting
project opportunities

21 "Directors" refers to the exaculive and ror executne members ol the Board: mearwh'le "dractors” raters t0 ror Boare dvectors within the Taragement teams ot the Grcuep.

alphafme.com

g
B
s
a
a
2
>
3
g



===== page 30 =====
28 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

Revenue continued

Europe & APAC delivered the strongest regional growth in FY 24,
with net fee Income increasing by 6.9% ona constant currency
basis and 6.1% overall. Organic net fee income growth was 1.4%,
with some rates progression in Europe, plus the acquisition of
Shoreline in APAC, Eurape & APAC headcount remained flat overall,
in line wath the Group's selective hiring approach, The Europe &
APAC region has started FY 25 well, with good utilisation being
enjoyed across all teams.

Given the more challenging market conditions prevalent this
year, the Group adopted a selective hiring approach, focused
‘on growth areas, and the number of consultants reached 1,000
by the year end (FY 23: 994}, Despite a selective approach to
recruitment we remained committed to our well-established
graduate programme, the fuzure talent of the Group, welcoming
a number of graduates through the year globally.

Group profitability

Group gross profit was £78.3m, 2.1m lower than the prior year
{FY 23: £80.4m). Gross profit margin was 33.5% (FY 23: 35.4%),
and consistent witn H1. This primarily reflects reduced average
consultant utilisation in the cornpetitive market environment.
alongside consistent day rates on average and increased costs
from selective investment in growing our team whie maintaining
a competitive remuneration package, partly offset by active
management of variable costs given performance. Utilisation
levels were most affected through the second quarter's summer
months, ticking up through H2, and reaching close to target levels
of 70% to 75% on average globally towards the year end.

The UK business generated £2.0m legs gross profit than last year,
at 36.2% gross margin (FY 23: 40.2%), reflecting lower consultant
utilisation levels than target and the previous year, particularly in
the insurance consulting and asset & wealth management teams,
alongside consistent day rates. North America's gross protit is
also ‘ower than last year by £1.7m, generating 31.3% margin

(FY 23: 32.9%), reflecting good levels of average consuttant
Utilisation, some day rate compression in the region given the
competitive market, and a higher cost base accompanying

North America team growth. This includes the establishment

of an insurance consulting team in the region during the year.
Europe & APAC grew gross profit to £17.0m {FY 23: £15.4m),

with an improved margin of 32.7% (FY 23: 31.4%) reflecting good
average consultant day rate progression in Europe, partly offset
by an easing in utilisation, particularly in APAC, The North America
gross margin saw the greatest currency headwind in the Group.
On a constant currency basis, North America’s gross margin
would be broadly flat with the prior year.

Adjusted administration expenses, as detaiied in note 4,
increased by £2.3m to £36.1m in the year (FY 23: £33.8m).

This increase mainly reflects investment in the Group's central
team in the second half of the prior year and increased overall
Spend Supporting the larger average consultant headcount base
including further office space and IT licences, partially offset oy
lower recruitment spend in the year.

alphatme.com

6é Aresilient performance
through a more challenging
market environment.”

Including the adjusting items. which decreased against the
prior year, administration expenses increased overall to £53.2m
{FY 23: £51.7m) on a statutory basis. The adjusting Items, set
out in note 4, decreased in the year to £14.3m (FY 23: £16.8m),
reflecting decreased earn-out and deferred consideration
charges, share-based payment charges and intangible asset
amortisation. partially offset by redundancy-related restructuring
costs in the year.

‘The tower garn-out and deferred consideration charge of £1.1m
(FY 23: £2.5m}, reflects payments in the year and last year’s net
{air value increase in acquisition hatlities held, Further details on
the earn-out and deferred consideration charges are set out in
note 13, The share-based payment charge also reduced to £7.3m
(FY 28: £8.0m}, having updated the ingut assumptions to reflect
FY 24°s lower performance, Alpha's lower share price and share
option vests in the period. Further details of the share-based
Payment charge and sensitivity analysis are set out in notes 4
and 22.

This year, the Group incurred £0.9m of restructuring costs,
relating to the exit fees and costs involved in a small UK
redundancy process. Acquisition and integration costs were
£0.3m (FY 23: £0.3m) as the Shoreline team was successfully
integrated into the Group during the first half, The acquired
intangibles amortisation charge decreased against the prior year,
retlecting some fully amartised intangibles, party offset by the
newly acquired Shoreline intangibles, Further detail of these
adjusting items 1s set out in note 4.

‘The depreciation charge grew to £2.8m (FY 23: £1.9m), reflecting
increased depreciation on a higher lease right-of-use asset. The
amortisation of capitalised development costs was nil FY 23: £0.2m)
as the asset became fully amortised in the prior year.

Adjusted EBITDA was £42 2m (FY 23: £46.6m) and adjusted
EBITDA margin was 18.0% (FY 23: 20.9%), reflecting bath the
lower gross profit ang the higher adjusted administration
expenses, If no adjustment was made for the share-based
payment charge, adjusted EBITDA for the period would be
£34.8m (FY 23: £38.6m) and adiusted EBITDA margin would be
14.9% (FY 2: 17.0%). Operating profit was £25.1m (FY 23: £28,6m)
after also charging increased depreciation,


===== page 31 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 29

Currency

Currency translation was a headwind on net fee income and
profits during the year, particularly in North America. [n the
year, pound sterling averaged USD 1.26 (FY 23: USD 1.21) and
CAD 1.89 (FY 23: CAD 1.59), which, with some other smaller
currency movernents, resulted in an unfavourable net currency
effect on net fee income of £4.4m and on gross profit of 21.3
Ona constant currency basis, North America net fee income
would have grown 3.8% and Europe & APAC net fee income
would have grown 6.9%.

Overall, the Group's net fee income would have grown 4.8% te
£238.0m on this constant currency basis. Similarly, the Group's
gross profit would have been £79.6m and would have reduced
0.9% on a constant currency basis.

Net finance expenses

Net finance expenses fell slightly to £2.5m (FY 23: £2.9m},
primarily reflecting reduced non-underlying finance expenses
relating to acquisition consideration discount unwinding, which
decreased given acquisition related payments in the period, as
set out in note 13, This reduction was partially offset by increased
underlying interest expenses reflecting refinancing fees on enlarging
the Group's revolving credit facility (RCF"] and interest on
periodic RCF drawings, plus additional lease costs.

Adjusted profit before tax was £38.5m (FY 23: £44.07 after
charging increased depreciation: aiid nel uriderlying finance
axoenses. Statutory pre-tax profit was £22.6m (FY 23; £25.8m).
The larger decrease in adjusted profits as compared to statutory
profits is driven by the lower level of adjusting Items ang
non-underlying finance costs.

Taxation

The Group's taxation charge for the year was £6.7m (FY 23: £7.8m},

reflecting the lower taxable profits and the blended tax rate of the
increasingly international jurisdictions in which the Group operates,
as set out in note 8. The Group's cash tax payment in the year
was £7.6m (FY 23: £13.3m), reflecting increased prior year
payments as the Group moved to a quarterly tax payment cycle
in North America that year.

For further taxation details, see notes 8 and 9 to the consolidated
financial statements. Adjusted profit after tax is shown after
adjustments for the applicable tax on adjusting items as sel Out
innote 4,

Earnings per share

Adjusted earnings per share (EPS") was 24.90p per share
(FY 23: 29.27p} and adjusted diluted EPS was 23.349 (FY 23.
27.379), reflecting the adjusted profit after tax and the increased
number of weighted average shares, which increased as a result
of share option exercises in the current and prior periods, partly
offset by the Group's purchase of shares into Aipha's employee
benefit trust ("EBT"). After inclucing tne adjusting items, basic
earnings per share was 13.85p (FY 23: 15.82p), while diluted EPS
was 12.98p (FY 23: 14.79p), after including the dilutive effect of
the share options awards outstanding

As at 31 March 2024, 11,227,844 share options (FY 23: 9,996,040)
remained outstanding, with FY 24 grants partly offset by some
share options exercised and forfeited in the year. See note 22 for
further detail

Cash flow and net funds

Cash generated fram operations was £20.4m (FY 23: £43.9m)
and, after adjusting for employment-linked acquisition payments,
acquisition, integration and restructuring costs, was £23.6m

(FY 23: £46.2m).

Underiying working cagital remains well managed, with debtor
days within the typical range, albeit higher than the previous year.
The overall operating cash generation in FY 24 primarity reflects
profit share bonus payments relating to prior years, and their relative
size compared to the Group's profitability this year, These bonus
payments include both the payment of FY 23 profit share and the
second tranche of deferred FY 22 bonus payments. These payments
alongside the tower performance-adjusted bonus accruals in FY
24 result in an increased movement in working capital in the year.
Adjusted cash conversion is similarly affected and was 60%

(FY 23: 104%}. We refined the definitions of adjusted cash
generated from operations and adjusted cash conversion in

FY 24 to exclude tax paid in the year, to allow for consistency

in the caiculation to exclude tax from both profits and operating
cash flows in line witn cornoarable companies, as detailed in

note 4, Given the weightings and timings of bonus payments,

we expect adjusted cash generated from operations and adjusted
cash conversion to return to more normal levels in FY 25.

2
8
s
2.
2D
Ey
3
3

During FY 24, the Group mace payments of £17.0m relating to
deferred and contingent acquisition consideration principally as
regards Licnpoint, including £1.8n of employment-linked
amounts. Please see note 13 for further details

The Group also provided £3.8m of funding to Aipna’s employee
benefit trust ("EBT") to purchase 1,035,154 shares at the prevailing
market share price, tc held for the satisfaction of future award
vests. Alpha will likely fund the EBT further in the future to build
the shares held in the EBT for the satisfaction of future share
option exercises.

Net interest paid was £1.3m (FY 23: £0.5rn), reflecting the higher
cost of maintaining and geriadically drawing the Group's enlarged
ACF to manage the Group’s ongoing currency requirements and
RCF refinancing fees paid, partially offset by interest income from
cash balances held

The Group also capitalised expenditure of £0.3m in relation to
the development of enhancements to Aivia’s client data and
analytics software

Dividends paid increased to £16.2m (FY 23: £12.8m), reflecting
the Group's dividend policy and a consistent FY 24 interim
dividend payment

At the year end. the Group's cash position was £29. 4m

(FY 23: £59.2m), During the year, the Group refinanced and
upscaled its RCF to a £50.0m facility to provide additional
liquidity, and alongside the net cash position, provides Alpha
further flexibility,

alphafme.com


===== page 32 =====
30 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

Statement of financial position

The Group's net assets at 31 March 2024 totalled £148.5m

(FY 23: £149,3™}, This movement principally arises from the
retained profits net of dividends and other reserves movernents,
including additional share-based payment reserves, offset by
foreign exchange losses on overseas assets. The Group
continues to maintain a strong financial position

The Group's non-current assets movernent principally results
from ongoing amortisation and depreciation charges on intangible
assets and right-of-use assets on leases, partly offset hy goodwill
and intangibles added as par! of the Shoreline acauisition

Working capital remains well managed. Trade and other
receivables balances increased in FY 24 through the ongoing
growth in the business. Debtor collections continued to be strong,
albeit with debtor days increasing on the previous year's strong
collections and closing balance.

Trade and other payables balances decreased, principally
representing fower performance-adiusted bonus accruals and
acquisition liabilities. The decrease in acquisition-related deferred
consideration and eam-out liabilities reflects Lionpoint deterred
and contingent consideration payments, partially offset by
employment-linked consideration as well as the unwinding of
Giscounting in the year, as disclosed in note 13.

As at 31 March 2024, the Company had 122,009,736 ordinary
shares in issue (FY 23: 120,509,736}, of which no shares were
held in treasury and 7,537,386 shares were held in the Company's
EBT to satisty future option exercises (FY 28: 6,274,380}

Dividends

In view of the recommended cash offer to acquire Alpha by Bidco,
anewly incorporated indirect subsidiary of certain funds managed
by Bridgepeint, the Board is not recommending a final dividend
If the acquisition does not complete, it is expected that the Board
would deciare a final dividend in respect of FY 24 at a later date

Risk management and the year ahead

The Group’s risk management approach inctudes regular
monitoring of macro-ecanomic and end-market conditions and
assessing the potential impacts across all business areas. In tne
risk management framework, which was reviewed during the
year, the senior leadership team, including the Cheet Executive
Officer and me as Chiet Financial Officer, has primary responsibilty
for keeping abreast of developments that may affect the implementation
of the Group's strategy and financial performance. This entails
identifying and agreeing the approprate mitigating actions that
should be taken and ensuring, as far as possible, that those
actions are then executed by the senior management team

The Board as a whole oversees risk and, within that framework,
considers the material risks that the Group faces and agrees

on the principal risks and uncertainties. Alpna has a set of core
Company values, which are embedded globally, that reflect the
Group's ethical and responsible approach to operating and
managing the business.

alphafine.com

Alpha has navigated well through this more challenging year.
While closely monitoring the ongoing market rebalancing, Alpha
continues to enjoy a strong pipeline of new business opportunities:
and incrementally improving current trading. The structural drivers
in the sectors in hich we operate, which drive ongoing demand
for Alpha's services, remain prevalent. We are confident in the
quality of our people, our excellent market reputation, and business
‘opportunities to extand the service offering, and therefore the
Board looks forward to further progress ahead,

The Board has considered ail of the above factors in its review
of going concern and has been able to conclude the review
positively. While cognisant of potential macro-economic risks
and the more competitive environment, the Group's talented
peopie, widening range of service offerings and international
footprint, tagether with the jong-term structural drivers, position
the Group well.

Summary and current trading

In a more competitive market environment with a longer sales
cycle, the Group performed resiliently in the year, The Group has
grown net fee income, while maintaining consistent consultant
day rates,

While the global consulting market continues to rebalance
and present some challenges, a mare positive market sentiment
ig returning, with improving sales wins over recent months
Utlisation rates ticked up in the final quarter of FY 24, close

to target levels overall, maintaining this level into the early part
of FY 25,

We are very confident in the quality of our people, our excellent
market reputation, and business opportunities to extend the
service offering for our clients further. Accordingly. the Group
remains well positioned for the future,

John Paton
Chief Financial Officer

me O21



===== page 33 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 31

Section 172 statement

way that they consider, in good

faith, would be most likely to

promote the success of the

company for the benefit of its

members as a whole, and in The interests of the
doing so have regard (amongst
other matters) to:

Under Section 172(1) of the a
Companies Act 2006, a director The likely consequence of Fl
of a company must act in the any decision in the long term. &
3
3

company’s employees.

The need to foster the company's
business relationships with suppliers,
customers and others.

The impact of the company's operations
on the community and the environment.

The desirability of the company maintaining
a reputation for high standards
of business conduct.

The need to act fairly between
members of the company.

The following disclosure describes how the Directors have had regard to the
matters set out in Section 172(1)(@) 1o (f) and forms the Directors’ statement
under Section 4140ZA of the Companies Act 2006.

The Directors remain committed to engaging with the Group's stakeholders
and considering their interests when making strategic decisions.

alphafmc.com



===== page 34 =====
32. Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

Key Board decisions during the year

The Board considers the following to be the key decisions and considerations that it has made during the year to 31 March 2024:

Board decision

Considerations

The Board formally approved the appointment
of Luc Baqué as Chief Executive Officer on
1 April 2023.

Aprit

— To provice effective executive leadership that will ensure the
sustainable, long-term success of the Group.

The Directors approved the acquisition of
Shoreline {see pp 132-133 for details).

— To support the long-term growth and success of the Group
by Incorporating Shoreline’s complementary client base,
employee skill Sets and capabilities

— To enable the Group to take advantage of opportunities in
APAC and provide a piattorm for further growth in this region

To broaden the range of services and expertise the Group
provides its clients and maintain its position as a market leader.

The Board reviewed and approved the
FY 23 Full Year Results and the Annual Report
and Accounts,

June

To provide transparent and accurate information to the market.

The Board considered and agreed to
recommend a final dividend of 10.50p for FY 23.

- To address the interests af shareholders in the context of
the long term while maintamning the Group's policy of paying
approximately 50% of adjusted profits.

The Board appointed the Group's first in-house
Company Secretary,

— To further strengthen the Group's corporate governance
framework, thereby safeguarding the interests of
shareholders and other stakeholders.

The Board approved the grant at FY 24 equity
incentive awards to management and certain
employees of the Group.

— To reward and incentivise the management of the Group
and ensure the alignment of interests between employees
and shareholders

‘The Board approved the exercise of options
that had vested under the management
incentive olan and employee incentive plan to
management and certain employees of the
Group, together with the purchase of the
Company's own shares by the employee
benefit trust to satisfy the exercise of share
options awards.

— To reward and incentwvise the management and employees
of the Group and ensure the alignment of interests between
employees and shareholders.

‘The Board undertook a scenario planning
exercise 10 review the FY 24 forecast against
prevailing market conditions.

To ensure the accuracy of forecast performance and consider
potential outcomes against a range of market concitions.

The Board considered and approved the FY 24
interim pre-close trading update to the market.

fF

To provide transparent, accurate and timaly information to
the market.

alphatme.com


===== page 35 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 33

Board decision

Considerations

The Board reviewed and approved the FY 24
interim Report and payment of the FY 24
interim dividend of 3.70p to shareholders

— To provide transparent and accurate information to the
market and to address the interesis of sharenolders in the
context of the long term while mamtaining appropriate levels
of reserves to run the business effectively,

The Board reviewed the provisions of the newly
publishee 2023 QCA Corporate Governance
Code and agreed steps to ensure compliance
with its recommendations from 1 April 2024.

To ensure that the Group’s governance mechanisms reflect
best practice, taking into consideration the interests and evolving
expectations of its sharehalders and broader stakeholders.

January

The Board approved the exercise of options
that had vested under the management
incentive plan and emoloyee incentive plan
for management and certain employees of
the Group.

— To reward and incentivise the management and employees
of the Group and ensure the alignment of interests between
employees and shareholders.

February

The Board considered and approved the
retease of a Trading Update to communicate
an update to FY 24 performance expectations.

— To provide transparent, accurate and timely information to
the market.

— To agree on actions relating to revised profit expectations.

Z
3
g.

in accordance with the Remuneration
Committee's recommendations, the Board
undertcok to consuil with major shareholders
‘on proposed updates to the Remuneration
Policy for Executive Directors, to take effect
‘on 1 April 2024,

To ensure that remuneration arrangements evolved in line
with market practice and investors’ expectations.

— To provide a remuneration structure that will enable share
option dilution levels to be reduced over time.

At each meeting, the Chief Executive Officer updated the Board on the Group's businesses, geographies and progress on key client
relationships and engagements.

Further details on the Group's strategy and long-term decisions are set out in the Chairman's report on pp 9-11, the Chief Executive

Officer’s report on pp 12-18 and in the strategy section an pp 22-23

g
Ff
g
&
2
2
3
§



===== page 36 =====
34 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

Engagement with
key stakeholders

The Board considers its key
stakeholders to b¢ its employees,
shareholders, clients and the
communities in which it operates,
The Board also recognises other
stakeholder groups cluding
vendors and sugpliers, industry
bodies and competitors with
which Alpha works or associates
in the marketplace. Engaging
effectively with these stakeholders
strengthens the Group's business
reiationships and decision making
and, therefore, supports its
long-term success

aiphafme.com

Shareholders

Attracting, retaining and developing The Group priotitises open
5 the best talent is essential to Alpha's communication anc effective
5 business success. The Group is engagement with its shareholders,
5 committed to providing a highly whose support is integral to long-term
2 rewarding workplace and maintaining growth and success.
3
astrong, meritocratic, and inclusive
culture that recegnises the
importance of our people and
encourages open communication,
B — — Career progression. — Financial performance
3 including share price
— Recognition, eS
2 I performance and dividends.
= — — Training and development.
a — Governance and transparency,
3 — Morale and motivation :
z — Operating and financial information
2 — — Engagement and feedoack.
£ — Confidence and trust in the
§ — ~ Reputation Group's Directors
— Wellbeing — Transparency and
— Heaith and safety. appropriateness of Executive
— diversity and inclusion, Director remuneration structures.
— Sustainability.
3 — Global employee — Dedicated investor section on the
5 feedback framework, website and AIM Rule 26 disclosures.
2 — Leadersnio communications. — investor strategy updates.
2 — Monthly Company meetings. — Capital markets days.
£

— Competitive remuneration package.

Professional qualification and other
training opportunities

+ Employee success framework.
— Mentoring
— Management incentive programme.

— Diversity & Inclusion programme
and networks.

— CSR networks.

Intern and preliminary
results announcements.

- One-to-one meetings
with investors.

Investor conferences/roadshows.

1

Annual Report, including details
of how the Quoted Companies
Aliance Corporate Governance
Code has been applied

— Annual General Meeting, including
a voluntary vote on the re-election
of ali Directors each year.

Dunng April 2024, the Group
consutted with major shareholders
‘on updates to the Remuneration
Policy (see pp 86-31 for Cotas}. tt
1s also intended that @ sharenoider
vote on remuneration will be
introduced at the 2025 AGM



===== page 37 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 35

Clients Communities 2
The Group’s success is based on delivering a The Group is @ growing, profitable business commntted to fostering the 2
proposition that helps its clients address their same growth and success within the communities in which it operates, 8
challenges and capitalise on their opportunities. including supporting reievant or active organisations in those communities. iad
The Group works hard at developing and sustaining As part of this engagemert, the Group also considers its corporate

long-term client relationships, which it supports responsibility and how to maximise the positive environmental and social

through its glooal team of consultants and by impacts of its activities, and to minimise the downsides, giving a solid

extending the range of services it cffers and the ‘vaseline for developing retevant action plans and targets.

types of projects it carries out,

— Specialist industry proposition. — Effective and transparent engagement with local communities
— Integrated end-to-end service offering — Available SG reporting and disclosures.
— Excellent service delivery. — Working closely with charities, corporate saciai responsibility ("CSR")

— Continuous development of practices, partners and other organisations.

products and services. — Contributing to awareness of diversity, inclusion and other
— Subject matter expertise sustainabilty-related topics

_ Emphasis on client satistaction. — Taking effective action on climate change.

— Abily and experience ta helo clients shape — Pursuing a positive impact on local and global environments.

their business for the future.

— Senior level client relationship management. — Diversity and Inclusion networks and initiatives, ceveloping and
— Continuous clent satisfaction monitorin empowering Alpha’s people with shared knowledge, toolkits
Y and training,

— Regular assessment of client demand
and interests, — Work on climate change and carbon offsetting.
— 8G reporting ineluding the Sustainabllity Accounting Standards

— Industry round t ns.
Industry round table discussions Board and the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related

— Dialogue with vendors, regulators and Financial Disclosures.
\dustry bodies.
industry bodies. — The Group's Sustainability Report and relevant sections within the
— Publication of market and industry insights. Annual Report.
— Alpha Outlook whitepapers and — Energy usage and emissions reporting.

thought leadership. — Charity of the Year programme.

— Taking appropriate steps where regulations are introduced by
establishing new policies

— Modern Slavery Statement and Living Wage accreditation.

— Tax evasion and anti-brivery policies, supported by
whistteblowing policy.

— CSR schemes and initiatives, including mentoring schemes for
young people from lower socioeconomic oackgrounds and
team-coordinated fundraising tor charities.

alphafme.com


===== page 38 =====
36 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

Looking after our people

Alpha's success depends on the
expertise and dedication of our people.

We strive to provide the best service and deliver excsptional client
results. Our highly talented people enable us to do this as they
deliver complex, transformative and strategically important projects
for our clients, Aipha is therefore committed to attracting,
retaining ang developing the best team in the industry.

We want the years that our people spend working at Alpha to be
the bast of their career, and we believe that providing a positive
and inspiring work environment wil help to foster a high-performance
culture that delivers exceptional outcomes for clients, as well as
great professional and cersonal fulfilment for cur employees

What we offer

The talented graduates and experienced congultants who join
Alpha benefit from our distinctive and highly attractive proposition.
built on:

— Astrong corporate culture that places people at the heart
of the business;

— Our reputation as the ieading consultancy in the sectors
in which we operate;

- Opportunities to gain invaluable experience by working in small
teams on high-profile, industry-defining projects

- Comprehensive training, development and feedback to build
consulting skilis and specialist knowiedge;

— Career progression based on merit, with no fixed period
at any lavel;

— Recognition of talent on an incividual level, while encouraging
and celebrating success at a team level,

— Anopen and inclusive environment with a strong employee
support tramework for people of all levels and backgrounds;

— An entrepreneurial environment where ideas to develop our
business are welcomed;

— Ahighiy competitive corngensation package, including
benefits and participation in the Group's profit-sharing or
cash bonus schemes; and

— Management incentives that celebrate success and recognise
contributions to Group perfarmance.

alphafme.com

Our core values define who we are both
as a company and as professionals

We provide deep expertise
in our specialist areas

We provide a meritocratic, sociable
and supportive environment - we
want to be recognised as the best
place to work in our industry, with
personal career progression

based on transparent and
meritocratic considerations

Everything we do is defined by
integrity — we hold ourselves to the
highest standards of transparency,
honesty and personal integrity

Integrity

We are socially and

ns
Responsible ethically responsible

We pride ourselves on working

Collaborative
MEARE collaboratively with our clients

We are proactive - we use our
extensive personal and corporate
experience to find solutions

Proactive

We take accountability for
delivery - we own and take
responsibility for outcomes

Accountability


===== page 39 =====
Annuat Report & Accounts 2024 37

Emphasis on culture and inclusion

Alpha puts peoole at the heart of the ousiness, so that they feel
engaged and empowered to drive success, both at an individual
and team level. We take enormous pride in creating and fostering
an envitonment where everyone can thrive.

To ensure this, we base our corporate culture on integrity, fairness
and meritocracy and our people management frameworks favour
inclusion, seciability anc support. We believe this is a key reason
why we have lower staff attrition rates than rnany of our peers,
with many of our team having been at Alpha ler 10 years or longer.
We are proud to be a company where people feel they can grow.

Focus on diversity and inclusion

Championing diversity and equity and fostering an inclusive
culture at all levels are key elements of our aoproach to looking
after our people, We operate several employee-managed networks
globally that champion ethnic anc cultural diversity. social mobility,
gender equality, welloeing, disability confidence - including our
accreditation as a Disability Confident Level 2 employer — and
pride (LGBTQ+

We ate committed to enisuring that our people, structures and culture
work together to improve diversity and inclusion at all levels of the
organisation, particularly at senior levels, where decision making
is concentrated and representation is vital. More information can
ve found about this in the Sustainable Business section on p. 44.

The power
of our people

g
Fy
a
a
]
a
3
3
a

Employee in:

Alpha invests in our people
through three key areas,
mentorship, training
opportunities and providing
diverse experiences.

We aim to provide a supportive environment of senior
mentors and professional coaches, as well as enaole
upwards feedback to ensure every employee is given the
opportunity to thrive and grow. We also provide training
at every level upon promotion in addition to hands-on
training throughout the year. Furthermore, we ensure our
rising talent has a diverse set of client experiences to welt
round their consulting and technical skills.

Alpha's consultants demonstrate a wide variety of qualities
and values thal adds to the effectiveness and collaborative
nature of our tems, Our consultants provide deep expertise
in Alpha’s specialist areas and take accountabilty for delivery
through ownership over client outcomes. Their work is
defined by integrity and held to the highest standards of
transparency and honesty. Alpha consuitants are proactive,
and use their extensive personal and corporate experience
to find the best solutions for clients.

in order to continue to foster a meritocratic approach to
talent, Alpha maintains a relatively flat hierarchy, ensuring
all consultants have access to senior leadership to provide
them with the support they need to succeed. Great ideas
are encouraged and recognised across leve's. Many of
our best ideas have come from a consultant groactively
oringing an idea to life and collaborating with colleagues
to make it a success.

Natalie McIntyre

Technology Consulting Lead.

Asset & Wealth Management Consutting
North America

alphatme.com


===== page 40 =====
38 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

Astrong record of recruitment and retention

Alpha is sougnt after as en employer thanks to its excellent
reputation, positive and collaborative culture, prestigious client
relationships and increasing range of opportunities that our
strategy provides ambitious professionals. in hiring, we look for
extremely talented individuals from all backgrounds who show
strong commitment and the desire to succeed, and we review
our recruitment processes continually to ensure that they are
therough and effective and integrate diversity considerations
at avery stage.

Once on board, our employees are provided with the specialist
knowledge, support and training that they need to thrive. At Alpha
we are committed to providing a high-quality onboarding experience
for new employees. We ensure that new employess are quickly
allocated a mentor who will welcome them to the firm and

‘support them with their professional development.

4b While we focus on identifying
and attracting the right people
tc Alpha, it is also important
that we can retain, nurture and
develop the best consulting
talent in the market.”



===== page 41 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 39

For us, itis important that new employees feel part of the Alpha
community from the start, Our efforts to ensure an excellent working
environment, exciting opportunities for career development and
highly competitive compensation packages have been critical
factors in the Group's growth over the last years, alongside
maintaining strong retention for cur industry.

Creating a social and supportive environment

Alpha organises oversight and support tor its peopie through a
number of coardinated functions: HR, Recruitment & Learning,
Responsible Business and management members who are
responsible for diversity, people and talent locally. The teams
are organised by regions and individual tearns as appropriate,
allowing for a highly agile. efficient and connected network of
support for ail our people.

We strive for Alpha to provide as inclusive, sociable, end supportive
an environment as possible, Our management teams, social
teams, HR teams and other groups regularly work on ideas and
opportunities to bring together Aipha as a community. We also
review Alpha’s social agendas to ensure activities are attractive

to all our employees, and we encourage our people to get involved
in making these plans and arrangements so that different
viewpoints and interasts can be captured.

A key focus of the corporate teams, including HR and Recruitment,
is to support the business as we grow geographically across different
sectors. In the past year, this has included successful implementation
of anew, leading | iR information system and the development of
HR frameworks for different career paths, as the Group grows
and continues to broaden its client proposition globally.

Learning and development

We have training programmes extending across ali grades, from
analyst to director, who receive high-quality training and uoskiling
on valuable topics for their roles. Examples include upskilling on
content knowledge, presentation skills, people management,
sales and delivery excellence.

All employees are also encouraged to take a proactive approach
to their career develooment. The Group provides access to.
Linkedin Learning for all employees, meaning they are able to
supplement their professional development, and further develop
their skilisets across a number of topics, such as communication,
presentation, technology and problem solving skills. Furthermore,
relevant formal certifications ere encouraged te support the
development of individual career paths and corporate expertise.

Alongside these format training initiatives, we ensure that
employes gain unique knowledge and practical experience by
working alongside more experienced colleagues and attending
meetings with some of our client organisations’ most senior and
influential people. We also offer secondments and permanent
moves between geograpiies and consulting oractices, which
provides our people with a possible range of wider experiences
and development opportunities within the Alpha business

Career progression

We are proud to be a Group where people recognise future
opportunities and feel they can grow. Alpha has a meritocratic
approach to career progression where our consultants have the
‘opportunity to progress based on their performance. We do not
subscribe to a “fixed time” at each level.

2
Fy
3
a
=
2
3
3
3
EN

We believe the ability to take on responsibilities early, receive
mentoring and ovarsight from experienced consultants, alongside
relevant development and training plans, allows for rapic progression
and 1s essential in attracting the most talented consultants to join
us. Many of our current director team joined Alpha as graduates
or early in their careers, meaning our senior team has a deep
understanding of the organisation and culture, while oroviding
continuity to employees.

External benchmarking confirms that the average time to
progress from graduate to director is signticantly less than our
peers. This is aided by our belief in promoting from within where
possible and identifying opoortunities for staff at all levels of the
Group. These factors help us stand out from our competitors and
enable us to attract top-quality talent.

Recognising that everyone's career path is individual, we place
great importance on mentoring and feedback. Mentors help to
guide development throughout the year, alongside mid-year and
annual performance reviews and regular feedback touchpoints
with projact leads, As part of a new HR information system
roll-out in FY 24, we have implemented a feedback mechanism
that allows 360-degree feedback at any time.

Employee communications and feedback

We use a range of channels to facilitate employee communication,
collaboration and engagement, Each regional team has regular
company meetings to update on key business topics and provide
the opportunity for Q&A. The senior management team, including
the CEO, uses internal communication channels to celebrate
successes and provide updates in important areas; recent topics
have included diversity and inciusion and the announcement of
Alpha’s first public diversity target.

We take time to understand the team's sentiment about life at
Alpha and identify strengths and areas for focus. As such, we also
provide a range of anonymised channels to facilitate employes
engagement including an annual enonymous feedback survey.
Employee feedback has led to many new initiatives that include
changes to internal policies, communication formats and technology
improvements. This year, we have introduced the employee net
promoter score ("eNPS"} to enhance our insight. While this is a
new concept for all members of the Group, with which we wil
need time to familiarise, we were very pleased with a first eNPS
rating of “good”

aiphatme.com


===== page 42 =====
40 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

Sustainable business

At Alpha, our dedication to
sustainable business practices is
integrated across our operations.
reflecting our commitment to long-
term success and positive stakehoider
outcomes. Over the past year, we

have made progress in the Group's
environmental, social, and governance
(“ESG") agenda, including releasing
our first Sustainability Report, which
details this. Looking ahead, we have
defined a number of ambitions to
continue our positive mamentum.

EQ visit us ontine to see our Sustainability Report

Alongside our internal efforts, Aipha’s ESG & Responsiole
(investment practice is a core and growing part of the work we
do with clients. Our consulting tearns actively advise on ESG
within the investment community, across the asset and wealth
management, alternatives and insurance sectors. These teams
employ distinct approaches to navigate ESG demands, for
example supporting financial services organisations in defining
their ESG and responsible investment strategies, in adapting to
regulatory changes and leveraging technology and data
management approaches in managing ESG commitments.

We hope that our sustainability efforts continue to build trust
across our diverse stakeholder groups. including investors,
chents, employees, and industry bodies,

Highlights from the year

There have been a number of key developments across

the Alpha Group in identifying and progressing ESG goals.

This year we

— Conducied a materiality assessment and developed
our ESG roadmap, involving analysis of the needs of a
wide range of our stakeholders and assessment of
benchmarking data from the AIM ESG specialist
third-party consultancy, Addidlat:

- Set our frst Group diversity target for women and nenbinary
employees in our global director team (25% in five years)

-- Conduysted our first UK Gender Pay Gap disclosure;

- Became a member of the UN Guiding Principies
Feparting framework;

— Continued to deepen and refine our emissions reporting
under SEGA, working closely with Normative; a
partnership now in its second year,

Released our first standalone Sustainability Report

— Produced our tirst Task Force on Climate-related Financial
Disclosures report,

— increased the level of our annual Carbon Disclosure
Project reporting:

- Conducted Energy Saving Opportunity Scheme reporting
in the UK; and

~ Made our first voluntary submission to the UN Global
Compact demonstrating how we integrate the global
leading responsible business principles nto our operations.


===== page 43 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 a

Strong governance

As a growing business, maintaining
strong governance is central to our
operations and strategy.

This year we have focused on ensuring our governance
frameworks and policies are a continuing strength for Alpha,
including maintaining robust oversight and proper business
practices; an increasing area of interest with our stakeholders.

We continually scan the regulatory horizon and assess the
Group's exposure to and appetite for risk, which may result in
the development of new policies and processes, or updates to
existing policies and processes. Further information on Alpha’s
risk management framework is detailed in the Risk Management
section of the Strategic Report on pp 52-56.

This year, we have combined our policies into a newly created
and publicly available Corporate Compliance Manual

Compliance with these policies by all employes is supported
by our policies and adherence framework.

Alpha’s policies and adherence framework

The framework ensures that our operations meet the stringent requirements expected of a public company, that we achere to the
highest ethical standards, and that our policies are easily accessible and complied with by ali Alpha staff

Relevant Employee Policies

Effective adherance tc policies
somes from an understanding of their
practical impications and importanca.
Alpha's extonsive emplayos policies
and guidelines clearly define expected
benaviours and procedures. To
support this, any new joiner must
read core policies as part of
‘onboarding and employees more
broadly must acknowledge any
updated policies systematically.

Relevant
Employee
Policies

Terms of Employment
Alpha's employmant agroements and
contracts include relevant and rigorous:
clauses both to enforce confidentiality,
and to require a|| peopie to comply:
with tne Group's policies and
procedures. These lerms are
fundamentai to employment practices.

ey Policy Reminds,

Communication ~~ -

We send annual remingers te our team on the importance of training
and attestation of key policies. Communications are also sent during the
year if there are new policies or policy components. Alpha will aise use
communication channels to highlight any practical examples of when a
poliey is relevant or has apphed

22 Gur Comnorale Campliarce Marual el.ces the followirg policies: anh bribery and
Corruption. Chiral Finances Act, ant faciitation cf tax avawsarce, Mogarn Siavary
statement, whistieblowing policy, sanctions policy, MNP! share-dealing policy, confers
of inlerest ard outeds business irlorests policy, eavity dhearsuly and inclusion policy,
infornatior sacunty policy, business continuity palcy, ard pricy palicy.

Mandatory Training Components
All employees complete annual training
7 policies where thera is a regulatory
angle or where we determine a
sightticant ievel of potential risk to

‘our business or business functions,
Training includes reinfercing the
components of the poboy, testing
individuals on their understanding,

‘and cepturing attestation.

Values and Culture
‘Our corporate values (see p 36} are
underpinned by integrity, collaboration
‘and responsibilty. We monitor those
attributes through retovant core
Competencies i Our SUCCESS
fremeworks, which are assessed
ennually. Acting with integrity anc
corporate citizenship are of hugh
importance and they encompass
compliance with comoany policies
and those of our cients.

The external
transparency of our
policies is also a key focus
and we have published the
Corporate Compliance
Manual? on the
Alpha website,

aiphatme.com

2
FA
s
2
5
Zz
Ey
3
3
a



===== page 44 =====
42 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

Strong governance continued

Corporate Governance Code

As in previous years, Alpha continues to align with the QCA Code,
reflecting our dedication to maintaining the nighest standards of
corporate conduct. In 2028 the Code was updated, and the first
cisclosures in line with this are required in 2025. The Group has
taken proactive steps to ensure that it complies with these new
principles for the financial yser beginning 1 April 2024

The corporate governance report on pp 70-75 sets out further
information about the Group’s governance framework and how
the Board compiies with the principles of the QCA Code.

Information and cybersecurity

Alpha remains commitied to maintaining a secure operational
environment, which is crucial for protecting our business,
investors, employees, and clients from the threat of cyber attacks
and data breaches. As part of this ongoing commitment, we
ensure that cybersecurity and information security form a
fundamental part of operations, management responsibilities
and oversight discussions, We recognise that while technology
and specialist third parties form the backbone of our
cybersecurity measures, our staff will often represent the first
line of defence. We have a number of security pillars in place

to eneure that they are adequately prepared in identifying and
responding to any cyber, information or data security threats.
We conduct simulated phishing exercises at least quarterly;

we mandate annual training and attestation on Alpha's data
handling policy; we ensure that information security policies
and support contacts are accessible; and we conduct ad hoc
training on cybersecurity hot topies as appropriate.

This training and testing forms part of our broader cybersecurity
approach that is managed by Alpna's Head of IT, supported

ny an Information Security lead. Executive oversight for the
security framework comes from the Group's Managing Director.
This framework includes:

— Comprehensive suite of information security policies and
procedurai controls, Sased Upon best practices from NIST
framework. Policies are reviewed annually and disclosed
publiclyin the Corporate Compliance Manual on our website;

— Third-party securities operations centre ("SOC") that
monitors the network 24/7 for suspicious actwity or
anomalous behaviour that could pose a threat to the Group

— Regular promotion of goad cyoer hygiene across the global
Alpha workforce with annual mandatory learning, testing,
regular training campaigns and assessments;

alphafme.com

Board diversity
As well as being important for Aipha’s own D&l programme,

the diversity of Board members is a key interest for external
stakeholders and 2 focus of emerging regulation.

The Group believes that the Board's current composition brings
an appropriate diversity of skills, personal qualities, credentials,
and perspectives and the Board benatits trom a balance ot
gender diversity. You can read more about Board diversity at
Alpha in the Nomination Committee report on p. 77,

— Two factor authentication log-in, industry-leading cloud
security tools and auito-backups managed by cloud vendors;

— Approoriate due diligence, vetting and annual auditing of
Cloud praviders to validate information security and risk posture;

- Quarterly effectiveness review and adjustments of our
infosec processes in line with continual improvement of
A\ipha’s security posture:

Proactive testing of technical defences through external
team exercises, annual penetration tests of internet facing
assets, anti-virus Software real-time scanning, and iniernal
phishing assessments;

A Data Privacy Working Group that manages incident
Tesponse; and

— Extensive cybersecurity insurance policy coverage.

While a strong cybersecurity framework is recuired Group wide,
this is particularly important for Alivia, due to its product offering,
Aivig adopts a Zero Trust security aporoach, and since
Novernber 2021 has attained |S027001 certification, which is
reguiarly audited and renewed annually. In 2024 Aivig will be
recertifying, as per the |S027C01 stipulations. In adcition,

Aiviq obtained its Cyber Essentials Plus certifications this year,
bolstering the security of the ousiness further

These combined measures allow the Group to provide a secure
and reliable service for employees, clients and other staxeho\ders,
which is vital to the long-term sustainability of the business.

Ej reau more about the management of information and cyber
tisks in the principal risks section on p. 59


===== page 45 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 43

ESG governance and reporting

The ESG Committee of ihe Board, oversees the development
and implementation of the Group’s ESG strategy and roadmap.
The Committee works alongside senior leadership and the
Responsib'e Business team, who support the Group in regulatory
horizon scanning, addressing ESG demands, and progressing
Alpha's ESG roadmap.

In early 2024 we delivered an important milestone by publishing
our first standalone Sustainability Report. A key objective of this
report was to provide transparency and increase engagement
between Alpha and stakeholders on ESG focus areas and objectives.
An important part of this hag been the compietion of a carnprehensive
ESG materiality assessment to align our strategy with best practices
and stakeholder expectations, and to identify the key issues and
opportunities that Alpha should prioritise in its ESG roadmap.

Alpna remains fully cormpliant with all current agplicable ESG regulation,
which includes tulliling the following ESG reporting requirements

Alpha also voluntarily aligns with the United Nations Gichal Compact
(‘UNGC”). The Human Rights, Labour, and Anti-Corruption
Principles are integrated in our poiicies, as referenced in the
Strong Governance section of this report. We continue to make
strides with the Environment Principles, as detaved in the
environment section on pp 46-47 and further in our Sustainability
Report. We will continue to review our alignment bi-annually and
engage with the UN Global Compact team on a quarterly basis.

Alpha also aligns with the Carbon Disclosure Project (‘CDP"}
when engaged to do so by clients, providing a view of our
sustainability performance to support thelr procurement
processes. We have again this year reported to Ecovadis for our
French operations and achieved a Silver rating, which confirms
that the approaches we take across sustainability and managing
risk are above average for our industry.

Publicly available disclosures Availability
Energy use (greenhouse gas) p. 47
reporting (UK), in line with

Streamlined Energy and Carbon

Reporting (“SECR")

Task Force on Climate-related pp 48-51

Financial Disclosures (“TCFD")

The Energy Savings Opportunity
Scheme regulations (“ESOS”)

alphafme.com

UK Companies Act and Climate
Change Act

Annual Report,
various sections

Modern Slavery Act

alphatme.com

Gender Pay Gap reporting in the UK
and Gender Equality Index Score
in France:

alphafme.com

Governance, risk and
compliance (“GRC”) requirement
for a reporting framework

smart inne

Annual Report,
Sustainability Accounting
Standards Board ("SASB")
disclosure, pp 184-157



===== page 46 =====
44 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

Social

At Alpha, we recognise that our people are our greatest strength,

and understand that the success of the Group is dir

ctly linked te the

empowerment, performance, and wellbeing of our team. Our efforts
wili continue to allow the business ts provide a diverse. inclusive and
angaging workplace for all, over the long term.

Diversity, equity and inclusion

Alpha is an equal opporturities employer, and we know that
taking steps to improve diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI") 10
the workplace is key to ensuring an equitable future for all, which
in turn supports our intention fo be a company where everyone
can thrive and contribute to the success of the Group,

In recognition of this, the past year represents a pivotal moment
in our journey. This year, to further substantiate our DEI ambitions,
we set our first diversity target: for 26% of our global director
team to be women oF nonbinary in five years. Our baseline for that
target is 13%, as reported in our 2023 Annual Report, and we are
pleased to report that our director team comprises 16% wornen
and nonbinary individuals (as of 31 March 2024).

This target was defined through extensive internal consultations,
including 40 workshops with over 50 senior stakeholders across
the business. Our target is also data driven, closely linked fo the
Global Equal Opportunities survey information. The survey was
launched in 2023, and has seen a strong initis! upteke, enabling
Us to assess the Group's diversity profile now and on an
ongoing basis.

Please see our SASB disclosure on p. 196 for further details on
this target. We will report on our progress against this target in
future years, as well as the development and dslivery of our action
plans and diversity targets.

initiatives and networks

At Alpha, aur commitment to diversity and inclusion continues

to be a fundamental part of our culture, underpinned by an active
globa! programme of volunteers. Central to this are the six
voluntary empioyee-led networks, which each play a crucial rote
in shaping our corporate culture. These caver Disability Confidence,
Ethnic ang Cultural Diversity. Gender Equality, Social Mobility.
Pride and Wellbeing

Each network provides a platform for dialogue, awareness-raising
learning, planning, and action. contributing significantly to our OE
inihatives and ESG roadmap. Example initiatives from our glabal
teams in the last year include the launch of an anonymous.
speak-up platform, social mobility-focused intermships, and DE|
traming programmes for jeadersnip and statt, using both oniine
and third-party providers. For example, Alpha partnered with
Leature for International Women’s Day to host an online event
series covering a range of tanics including gender equality
ailyship. inclusion ang leadership

alphafme.com

The Social Mobility Internship that sits within the UK insurance
business is an excellent example of how our emplayes-led initiatives
can support DEI at Alpha across a number of key areas. Across
2022 and 2023 we welsomed eight interns, which were 50%
female, 66% from diverse or mixed ethnicity backgrounds and all
from non-fee-paying schools. interns received a competitive gross
salary which we have since increased further to align with that

of a full-time analyst, effective this summer. We offered full-time
graduate pos'tions to tive of the eight, a strong conversion rate.

We are delighted to support the launch of raw groups that
resonate with local topics and social importance; for example. in
the year a North American Asian Pacific Network was launched
within the team. We are proud to have such a strong level of
engagement, which supports our action setting linked to the ESG
roacimap and reinforces our probability of success.

Employee framework

We are delighted to have a talented team of industry leading
consultants at Alpha and recognise that the engagement and
satisfaction of our team are vital to the success of the business.
We believe that Alpha should seek not just to bring together the
best and most talented people, out to provide a fantastic place
to work and an environment where everyone can flourish,

We foster long-term retention through the opportunities that we
offer, our culture and cur frameworks for development. support
and feedback.

while our tearns are detivering on some of the industry's most
challenging change projects, ensuring that we pnoritise welldeing
and support is of paramount importance. We have established
HR, mentoring and employee oversight frameworks across al
global locations and levels. At the same time, we continue to
invest in our learning and development opportunities. which seek
ta buld confidence consulting skills and industry content, at all
stages in the employee journey.

4% Alpha is committed to providing
a diverse, open and inclusive
workplace. We know that taking
steps to improve diversity and
inclusion in the workplace is key
to ensuring an equitable future
for ai.”


===== page 47 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024

We are committed to providing an open, interactive

and collaborative working environment, To this ena, there

are opportunities throughout the year to actively gather the
insights, priorities, and sentiments of our team members.

This helps us to focus our attention on what matters, The looking
after our people section of the Annual Report on pp 36-39
provides more detail about the employee experience at Alpha.

Corporate social responsibility

Our social responsibilities and the impact we have in the
communities in which we operate are extremely important to us.
We promote ethical conduct, social responsibility, and a corporate
culture that values fairness and oositive actions at all times.

Alpha's Corporate Social Responsibility ((CSR"} vision and
activities in this area are executed mainly through the work of
our internal CSR team, which is employees participating on a
voluntary basis, while supported by the Group’s Responsible
Business team.

Our community focused activities include fundraising, pro bona
consulting, volunteering, outreach networks and mentoring.

We are very proud of our long-standing voluntary charitable work
and our main Group-wide CSR initiatives in our Charity of the Year
(COTY”) programme.

in 2023, our COTY programme teisud more than £20,000
alongside delivering valuable volunteering initiatives and pro bono
work. In the UK and Europe, the team raised £13,758 for The
Institute of Imagination, @ pioneering education charity that
designs and delivers creative workshops across the arts,
sciences anc digita! technologies for children aged 5-11 years
old. In North America, the team raised $10,000 for Greenwood
Project: a charity that partners with companies in the financial
services industry to create accessible career pathways for Black
and Latins students,

These efforts reflect our ongoing commitment to making a
positive impact within the communities we serve and marks the
eighth year of running our COTY programme. The programme is
yun regionally with employees from each region voting on their
charity of choice each year. This aliows us to tailor our support
more effectively and deliver more impact and engagement with
local communities.

Suppliers
As a responsible business, we ensure that our supplier
relationships are in line with fegislation and best practices, which
is supported by & new supplier code. We are in the process of
rolling out this Code which will be issued to new key suppliers,

and existing ones upan contract renewal. The code includes
expectations around environmental responsibility, ant-modern
slavery action, and health and safety minimum standards. We
also assess the policiss of our suppliers in areas such as social
policies, employee wellocing and, in the UK, payment of the Living
Wage. This helps us maintain our dedication to fair and responsible
business practices across all aspects of our operations.

Modern slavery

We are committed to combating and preventing modern slavery,
human trafficking, and exploitation. We have procedures and
policies in place throughout our own business and our supply and
procurement chains to support this. A copy of these can be found
‘on our wabsite in our Corporate Compliance Manual. These
processes are reviewed annually, and Alpha's Modern Slavery
Statement is ultimately approved by the Board.

Human rights

In 2023, Alpha proudly became a member of the UN Guiding
Principles Reporting Framework. This membershio enhances our
commitment to human rights and social responsibility but also
aligns with our strategic approacr to integrating sustainable
practices across ail levels of our operations

alphafme.com

nie

g
FI
5

é
3
2
3
3
8



===== page 48 =====
Environment

With growing evidence of the reality and impact of global warming,
it is critical that we understand our environmental impact and play

our part in combatting climate change.

As a professional services firm our direct carbon footprint is smaller
than that of high-emitting industries. However, environmental
stewardship remains an important part of our ESG strategy, and
we recognise a clear global imperative far emission reduction,

Due to the growth of the business, Alpha is in scope of new
environmental regulatory demands this year to report in alignment
with the TCFD frarnework for the Group, see pp 48-51, and with
the ESOS regulations for our UK operations, for which we will
submit our notification of compliance in August 2024

Alpha’s carbon footprint

We are committed to reducing our emissions and aim to develop
our science-based cerbor reduction plan and communicating our
net Zero ambition and targets in the year ahead. In the meantime,
we offset where we cannot reduce our emissions, and we have
again this year offset our Scope 2 and calculated emissions
globally wa a verified scheme.

Ensuring the quality and accuracy of our data related to carbon
emissions, and tracking and reporting on them are «ey first steps:
in setting meaningful targets. We continue to complete this
activity Group-wide, working closely wath carbon reporting firm
Normatwe, 2 partnership now in its second year, who are nelping
us to both understand our emission data and improve our
calculations, This important work is setting the foundations for us
to reduce our emissions and communicate our Net Zero amattian

alphafme.com

The total Scope 2 and 3 emissions for FY 24 were 3,420 tCO,¢
Scope 2 emissions account for approximately 4% of cur total
emissions, with the majority (3,294 tCO,e) coming from Scope 3
emissions categories. Alpha has no Scope 1 emissions to report.

Our total emissions have risen by 263 tCO,e yeer on year, and
‘our revenue intensity metric has also increased from 13.8 to 14.5
1CO,e/2m revenue, The year-on-year increases in our emissions
reflect increased average global headcount, including in APAC,
with the accuisition of Shoreline, as well as an increase in employees
working from our offices or client sites, increasing Scope 2 and
Scope 3 commuting and business travel emissions.

As we develop our data collection and analysis methodologies,
we will continue to update and enhance our emissions calculations
and disclosures in line with evalying best practice and the GHG
Protocol. This will also include bringing new Scope 3 categories
into our carbon footprint calculation that are appropriate for
assessing the impacts of our business model, geographic reach,
and protessional services profile


===== page 49 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 47

Carbon reduction Reviewing and potentially expanding our Scope 3 GHG emissions
reporting will be a part of developing our net zero plans as we
consider the materiality of Our supoly chain and aim to increase
understanding and explanation of our carbon foolorint. We will
use this work to seek opportunities to reduce the Group’s impact
an the environment.

Our efforts to reduce carbon emissions include continuing to
work with service providers and property managers to expand
our purchase of renewable energy globally, as well as working
with our clients to minimise business travel wherever practical
Alongside the initiatives of our global CSR team, we continue to
raise awareness and educate our people about the environmental Environmental reporting and disclosures
impacts of activities. We encourage them to think about
implementing measures that could reduce our carbon footprint, We have calculated our carbon emissions anc reporting in line
such as in travel, whilst still considering our commitments to with SECR, as wel as voluntary reporting of selected supply
fulfiling client relationships and service delivery. chain (Scope 3) emissions, and Group-wide energy usage and
resulting emissions.

g
FI
&
@
3
z
z
3
8

Adherence to mandatory and voluntary intiatives, notably ESOS
in the UX, Ecovaais in France, and TCFD and CDP globally, all
support and help celiver against our environmental strategy,
performance and joumey towards net zero.

SECR table
Emissions
FY 24 160.0 FY 231CO.e FY 22 tC0,¢
Global Global Global
Scope Activity Total UK exclUK Total UK excl UK Total UK_exel. UK
2 Purchased heat 623 331 19.2 677 250 42.7 48 1.8 3.0
Purchased electricity 730 (192 538 32.5 18 307 18.5 3412.4
3 Flights 2373.9 756.1 16178 1125.7 3698 755.9 3337 150.5 183.2
Public transport 445.2 204.2 241.0 1,566.7 6558 9108 12.3 a4 2.9
Taxis/car mileage 1427 0 476 0954 891 363° «828 02230 1071.6
Working from home 332.6 1477 (184.9 2747 111.4 168.3 164.8 = 68.1967
Total 3,419.7 1,207.9 2,211.8 3,156.3 1,200.0 1,956.3 553.4 243.6 309.8
Energy
FY 24 MWh FY 23 MWh FY 22 MWh
Gisbal Global Giobal
Scope Activity Total UK exclUK Total UK excl. UK Total UK excl UK
2 Purchased heat 2086 163.2 45.4 3586 122.5 2364 658 501 157
Purchased electricity 401.7 225.2 176.5 221.5 80.2 141.3 158.7 104.9 53.8
Total 610.3 388.4 221.9 580.1 2027 3774 2245 155.0 69.5
Intensity Metrics
FY 24 FY 23 FY 22
Global Global Global
Scope Activity Total UK exchUK Total UK excl. UK Total UK_ excl. UK
283 Sm of revenue 235.5 915 1440 2287 874 1413 1580 721 859
tCO,eperfmofrevenue 145 13.2 15.4 19.8 13.7 13.8 3.5 34 3.6

Notes

1. Aloha does not havo ary offices where it owns or controls the boilers, but rather pucchasas heat fram each building's managarnent; hence the consumption af grid-suoplied gas is
classed as Scope 2 ernissiers and the aesocialed corveisicr factor has beer .sedt

Normatwe, our ‘hid party prowder has used Exobase, BEIS, Oetra, Ecorvenl ard other acurees for emissions factors The accourting mathodelogy Normative follows 8 she

Creerroise Gas Protocal Corporaie Stancerd Alpha supplied the working (earn home calcuiaion 7olowing the EcoAe! Homewarking Ernicsions Whitebaper (2020),

Whore we have nol bee” able (9 oblain acinity data we have used ostimations in line wilt the GHG Corgorale Reperting Methodology,

Where km lravellad have rat bear rmcorded n our experse Syslerrs for rave! ecarpls, we nave used a spenc-based melhadclegy in ine withthe GHG Corporate Repor’ tig Melhadaloqy

We are dependent on our service providers and office management companies providing accurate data.

alphafme.com


===== page 50 =====
43 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

Task Force on Climate-Related
Financial Disclosures

This report has been produced in line with the new climate-related reporting
requirements in accordance with Section 41408 of the Companies Act 2006,
which is aligned with the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures
(“TCFD”) recommendations.

This is the first time that the Group has reported in line with TCFD.
The associated analysis and disclosures allow us to identity and
monitor the impact of climate on our usiness and are being

overseen by the ESG Committee of the Board with support from

the Group Responsible Business team.

Governance

Strong governance that embeds climate change

The governance framework for managira nk,
which covers environmental nsk (including
climate) and sociel risk, is avaitable in the Risk
Management section of the Strategic Report.

The ultimate responsibilty for Group wide risk
and opportunity governance lies with the Board
of Directors ana can be mewed in the corporate
governance report. The Board has delegated
certain responsibilities to the ESG Commitee
and the Audit anc Risk Committees to ensure that
the Company's overall strategie cirection aligns
with its ESG goais, incluaing climate-related
objectives and nsk management,

The ESG Committee nas specific ‘esponsibilty
for considering climate-related ESG risks anc
opportunities in connection with the Company's
operations. Il meets at least twice a year, wath
part of these meetings dedicated to overseeing
tho development and implementation of the Group's
FSG roaaman and strategy, which includes
climate-related risk and opportunity response
plans. Aller every maeting, an update is oroviced
to the Beard by the KSG Committee in the form
of minuted cecisions and eiscussion to erable,
alignment on ESG matters throughout Ine year.
For delails of thes process, see the ESG
Committee report on po 78-79.

Risk management

deci

Significant findings and recommendations or
sks and opportunities from the ESG Committee
are integrated into the breador risk management
framework overseer by the Audi and Risk
Committee. It meets at least three times a year,
with sessions focused on evaluating the
Company's risk pokey and principal risks,
including those related to climate. The
significance of these climate related risks is
assessed, and the risk policy 1s updated annusily.
Further detail is in the Risk Managament section
of the Strategic Report on pp 52-56

The ESG Committee 1s accountable for
‘converting prorites, including eLaput rom the
Board ana the Audit and Risk Gommutlee, into
actionable tasks within the ESG Roadmap.

The ESG Stearing Committee”? is accountable for
efinng the ESG roadmap, ineuaing amate-retated
1k and opportunity resgonse plans. Implementaton
is managed by the dedicated and aopropnately
skiled Responsible Business team, with oversight
{rom the Group Head of Risk & Responsible
Business. Alongside this, business contacts

and senior leaders across the Group are
engaged regularly.

The Audit and Risk Committee considered numerous
climate-related risks that might impact the Group but
concluded that none identified are principal risks to the Group.

n-making across the business

‘Stakeholder feacback is considered on an
‘ongoing oasis, including that ‘rom investors and
clients, and we undertake industry benchmarking
to help inform our ESG strategy and climate
governance. There is aiso engagement with the
Remuneration Committee to ensure that any
aspects of remuneration linked to ESG related
objectives ara aopropnately aligned to he ESG
roadmap and reflect westor and other exoectations.

‘There is common mambership of the ESG, the
‘Audit and Risk, ano Remuneration Committees
(@toeit that each committee has a different Chan),
which facilitates a cordinated approach to risk
evaluation and management. Lines of communeation
between the Chairs of hese committees and the
Responsible Business team are also maintained
outside af scheauled meetings to ensure ongoing
engagement and timely responses to emerging
Issues outside of the scheauled meetings.

Relevant reports:
Erick management on pp 62-56

[corporate governance report
on pp 70-75,

Eijesc committee report on pp 78-79

integration of climate-related riske into our Group-wide risk management approach

Aipha’s nsk management framewors combires
clear governance, robust processes and
contiols, and a strorg culture of sk awareness
among all employees. Climate-related risks and
opportunities are wentified, assessed, anc
Mmanagee within the Group's existing framework,
takirg both @ top-cown arc bottom-up
approach. Details of this can be found in the Risk
Management sectior of the Strategic Report

Alongside our risk management framework,
‘otectve management of Dusiness risks incuairg
being @ goos corporate citizen is embecaed into
our performance management process which is
applicable to evary employee across the Group,

‘This is the first year Alara has undertaker
reporting ir ime with TGFD. Whilst we already
laertily the clmate-relates nsks as part of the
risk management framework, we a'so conauctoa

a scenang analysis 10 cently ard assess:
clmate-related opportunites that present
to the business see p. 51.

Relevant reports:

Ea)risk management on pp 52-56

22 The ESG Steering Comminas includes the Chie' Executive Gficer, Group Managing Dirscer, and Group Head of Risk & Pasponsinle Business,

alphafme.com


===== page 51 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 49

Strategy
Anal

AS part of our first TCFD aligned chmate ampact
‘assessment, we conducted a qualitative scenario
analysis to test the long-term rasiiiarce of our
business with considerations across the whole
Group. Two scenarios were chosen, which stress,
tested the extremes of potential future states —
intense physical climate change ir tte "Hot
House World’, and a proactive transition to a
low-carbon world in the *Net Zero by 2050":

1. Hot House World: resuils in a temperature
rise of 4°C by 2100.

2. Net Zero by 2050:
by 2100.

The impacts of the risks and opportunities
were assessed against three time-horizons:

imils warming to <2°C.

— Short-term: FY 25 - occurring now
or imminently.

— Medium-term: FY 26 to FY 28 — aligns with
the Group's medium-term office leases and.
service arrangements, new business
activities, anc the current strategy te double
the business by 2028".

— Long-term: FY 29 to FY 50 —algns to the
UK Government's Net Zero pledge and the
fonger-term potential physical impacts of
climate change.

Metrics and targets

Avange of risks and opgortunities were assessed
in the scenario analysis against the likelihood of
‘occurring in the three timeframes and the financial
exposure to the Group. All were consicered against
the risk poly for social ang envionment risks
and none are considered matenal (95% of our
annual spend). This is pnmanly cue to the nature
of the professional services industry we operate
mn, 8 well 6s our business model, including the
locations ef our offices and the flexibility of our
‘operating model

The analysis indicated that cimate nsks are not
expected to have 2 significant impact on our
business, particularly m the short to medium-term,
‘There may be a ‘evel of impact in the long-term,
‘which will be monitored via our risk menagement
framework, Overall, the analysis highlighted the
chrate resitence of our ousiness, and indicated
‘the potential for growth in some af our oractucts
and services in response to the climate transition,

‘We have reported the six risks and one
‘opportunity of most significance, detailing the
impact and our response, alongside the scenario
analysis output, on the next two pages. These
were included in our <eporting as they were
deemed to have & madium or high ikkeihood of
occurring across one or more of sithar of the
scenario timeframes, and/or to have a medium
financial exposure rating

pact across the Group

These risks will continue to be Monitored by the
‘Audit and Risk Committee and are recorded in
the nisk register for moritonng, The Group
teguiatly reviews and updates policies to ensure
compliance with all applicable enmironmental ang
social regulatory standards, anc this is captured
within the "regulatory environment” principal risk,
‘which can be found in the Principal Aisks and
‘Uncertainties section of the Strategie Renort

2
FI
3
a
3
2
3
3
3

‘AS par ino regulation, we will repeat the scenario
analysis of slmate-related risks and opportunities
in three yours, il the business mode! undergoss
significant change, or if the regulation guidance
changes - whichever is sooner

Relevant reports:

Eelciimate-retated risk and opportunity
matrix on pp 50-51

Exlciimate-retated risk and opportunity
scenario analysis on p. 51

Eefrrincipat risks and uncertainties on
pp 57-60

The ways we assess our climate: ed.risks and opporturiities to monitor progress.

Alpha is currently monitoring and reporting on
Scope 2 and selected Scoge 3 greenhouse gas
('GHG") emissions, which provide ongoing
metrics to help in assessing the Group's.
managerent of ts cimate-related trensition risks
and opportunities.

The Group is committed to Net Zero, ang in this
‘coming financial year will develop its Net Zero.
target and plan, which includes baseining our

emissions This will allow for more detailed risk
and performance tracking and will be overseen
by the ESG Committse once fully enplemented,

The GHG metrics ana the Net Zero target will
iso be integrated into Alphas risk management
framework, ensuring that we align our strategic
decision-making processes wat? our long-term
climate objectives.

Relevant report

[Reporting on our Scope 2 and 3 carbon
emissions, and our SECR report can be
found onp. 47

24 The statement that the Alpha Group's growth plan has an ambition to double the size af its businass by 2028 ss aspirational only and should not be construed as a profit forecast within,
tha meaning ot the Taknovar Gods. Ther car be so certainty that Alpha will achieve ls ambilien, which is subject fo various assumptions, nsks ard uncertanntes Iret coulc cause

Algha's growl tc dhifer maternally rom sls expresset ambition.

alphafme.com


===== page 52 =====
50 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

Climate-related risk and opportunity matrix

Physicat climate risks

‘Theme Description and impact Response plan
Chronic (ionger term "An mereasa in extreme weather events or a Aloha’s largest revenue generating offices are primanly located in areas where acute
shifts ir weather chronic/prolonged higher temperatures and and chron climate risk i lower (UK, East Coast US). Offices in hignar risk areas such

patterns) and Acute sea levels, may resull sn potential business as Australia and California constitute a smaller percentage of our revenue ~ however,
(increased frequency —_gisruption and loss of service. Examples of they will stiloe monitores and planned for
and sevatity of extreme this incluve

‘weather evarts) Regardless, we have business continuity and disaster recovery policies that are
— Property damage, ang potentiat regularly reviewad and updated, to handie emergencies effectively. In adcition,
legal tabsities; we have a robust flaxibie working framework which has been tried and tested with

success dunng the COVID-19 pandemic, This enables work to continue when offices

Challenges tor offige cosling, and
may be inaccessible,

increases in energy costs 16 contrat

these environments; Moving forwards. we will consider cimate-risk factors in our decision process when

— Lowered team morale and wellbeing, ——_odtaining/leasing new ofice spaces for our team, including any offshore arrangements
ability to work, and physical health; and that may be oursued.

— Adottional disruption in parts of our We utiise global enterpnse grade cloud-based data centre providers that have strong
business or our supplier's business business continuity processes and ave investing in efimate sdaptations/Not Zoro

outside of our core operational locations. gignment, mitigating against the risk of oata centrs cisruption and price rises.
This may impact project delivery ang the:
Group's supply cham, and negatnely affect
ur reputation and revenue

Transition risks

Theme Description and impact Response pian
Regutatory Potential for rgher esis ineurres for enaray Due to the business model and industry of the Group, our energy consumption and
(policy and iegal consumption, and via transportation, and —_ transportation costs are relatively low. However, we will monitor the cost of any
carbon taxation/atiset requirements potental carbon taxes and consider the mpact on our operations.
Failure to comply with evolving regulations We will continue to monitor for new cimate-related regulations ‘o erable @ response
related to GHG emissions could result 9 —_in.a timely manner to help mitigate «isk of fines and engage external support if required.
fmancial penaities, iegal risks, and camage We nave a well-delined arecess for identifying and managing regulations that may
to the fire's reputation, impact the Group which includes:

— Ongoing horizon scanning across Aipha’s geographies and markeis i order to
identity and meet emerging requirements m ail contexts: as 4 consultancy proves,
allisted company, and a business organisation;

Regular engagement ana proactive dialogue with ragulators, industry bodies and
adusers, 28 well as Aloha's own cient Regulatory Compliance Consulting practice:
Regular review anc update of the Group's policies and procasses to promote and
ensure complance with all applicable regulations; and

— Ongoing aiversification and expansion of the se~vice offering, which can reduce the
overall impact on te Group of particular new or chenging regulation.

Reputation There 1 @ potential for loss of revenue we We wall maintain open communication channels with clients, investors, and suppliers,
{ail to meet investor, chent anc supplier promptly accrassing ary concerns or complaints, and demonstrating lransparency
climate expectations and requirements. and integrity in all business cealirgs, As noled above, we will scan for any incomming

regulatory demands that (hose stakeholders may be subject to tat require Alpha’s
Inout, to ensure we are respongirg effectively and delivering ir tire with these.

il Aipna (or Aipha's ehents) make net zero/ We will Set realistic and tangible targets based on available data and careiul analysis
‘chmate commitmonts that they are unable to to avoid the risk of them being unattainable. We will also seek to improve the available
achieve, this could impact Allpha's reputation data on an ongoirg bass ano are currertly using a thrd-party tool to help us track arc
ang result n lost revenue. analyse our emissions impact. We are also planning for a travel Survey to obtaia better
Inforrralion on employee commuting fo ensure augnmert and progress, we will conauct
regular audits. ymplemem mterna! contol, and orovde ongoing stat raining wnare relevan:

Froma chent perspective, we will actively engage with them to aramate responsible
enwronmental stewardship and support them in achieving their Net Zero targets.

Technology Mowng 10 new applications. data ‘Oureurrent systems preserily support our epartirg requrements, but we wil monitor
managemert processes or techraiogy in ths risk asit surely to mnpact the Group in the short te meaium-term. In the fong term.
order to aigr wit regiaton or regorting monitoring the reverue, avatahie debt, and cash reserves ol the business wll De

requirements, or to support the Group's own unportant to ensure any potential mareasad costs are able to be absorbed.
environmental poles ard climate targets,
which could incur higher costs for he busiress.

alphatme.com


===== page 53 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 51

Opportunities

Theme Description and impact Response plan

Products Potential growing demand for consultancy Our solid growth over 20+ years, oroves that we understanc the structural drivers of
Setvi08s that specialise in providing gutence the market, anc can innovate and enhance the service offering accordingly, inoluding o
‘on sustainable prachees, carbon foaipnint —_ developing of market Jeading technology and data capabilities. This is enabled by an hf
reduction, and climate nsk management. It effective and coordated ovector tear working across multiple geographies and sectors. &
may also open more opportunities for Alpha. =
e partes ‘nth to ennoey and date bageg, _7h2 Group wll proactively engage with our cients lo undorstand thar evolving nests 3s
companies to deliver solutions and new around climate change, and to offer tallored consultancy services and stratagie 2
projects across our propositions ano products that can help them navigate new regulatory expectations, customer and 3
e9pacialy atematives. By leveraging ts investor demands, anc climate challenges g
expertise in ESG integration and climate
risk management, Ajpha can attract new
cliants, enhance its market share, and deve
revenue growth,

Technology noreesing availabilty cf new green tecinclogy We monitor the availabilty of new technology, and how it could positively impact the

and improvements in existing technology in
response to the climate transition will open
new opportunities to the Group and may
have a positive imoact including:

Group if implemented.

When engaging with supphers in our procurement process, we will question them on
the technology used ans the anvironmental benefits or mpications of such to inform
‘our decision-making process.
— Reduced costs as technology becomes

more efficient and less energy intensive;

Abilly to improve our technology stack

and supply chein to make it greener anc

reduce our emissions;

‘The opportunity to consolidate our

technology stack and move 20 one prowder

‘hal js tha most ESG-triendly, instead of

being spread across multiple, ane
— Beller availabilty of ESG data that will

inforen our client projects ang internal

€8G decisions.

Climate-related risk and opportunity scenario analysis
Impact
Origh Oaeaum Low

Likelihood
Scenaria 1: Hot House _ Scenario 2: Net Zero by 2050
Financial FY26- FY 29~ FY26- FY 29-
Risk type Risk Summary description exposure’ FY25  FY28  FYSO FY26 FY28 FY 50
Physioat Acute and Potential business disruption and loss of Medium a
riske Chronic service induced by extreme/chroric, o o 9 ®
weather events
Transitional Regulatory Higher costs due to carbon Low ~ + °o oO
vieks taxatior/ottsets
Failure 0 comply with evolving regulation Low s 5 oO oO o
Reputation Failure to meet chent and supplier Net Medium . oO
Zero requirements
Alpha/Alpha's alients unable to achieve Low F °o oO
their Net Zero commitments
Technology Higher costs of environmentally Low .
trendy tecinoiogy : Qo 8 9
PPE Products incrsaseu demand for ESG services Medium .
ti data coracss o 0 9
Technology increased availabilty of graen technology — Low : : . ms o °o

Financial exposure estimated % of annual spend Low < Ms; Medium 2.3%, High $* or nore

alphatme.com


===== page 54 =====
52 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

Risk management

The Group continuously enhances its
risk management practices to reflect its
geographic reach, scale, business profile
and the evolving external landscape.
Underpinned by a comprehensive risk
management framework, its approach
integrates clear governance, robust
processes and controls, and promoting
a strong culture of risk awareness
among all employees.

Overview

The Group's business organisation, and the industries in which
it operates, expose it to a number of potential risks arising from
internal or external events and actions. The Group manages risk
actively and closely in order to limit potential adverse effects on
the implementation of its strategy, the financial performance and
‘on the interests of its clients, shareholders and employees.

The main objectives of the risk management
framework are to ensure that there is:

— Astrong corporate culture of risk awareness and
responsibility embedded at all levels of the organisation;

— Mitigation of ongoing ns¥ as far as possible, without
unduly affecting the Group's competitiveness
and flexibility:

— Proactive identification and reporting of risk information,
with clear management and mitigation responsibilities; and

— Provision of a suitable basis uoon which the Audit and
Risk Committee ang, ultimately, the Board can assess
the effectiveness of the Group's risk management and
interna! controls.

Risk governance

The Board has averall responsibility for risk monitoring and
management at Alpha, and ensures that risks that could impact
the fulfilment of the Group's strategic objectives, including growth
trajectory, are moritored and managed effectively. The Audit and
Risk Committee provides aseurance to the Board on the
appropriateness of the Group’s risk processes, controls and
governance, including reporting.

The Audit and Risk Committee, alongside the Goard, is responsible
for overseeing and reviewing the key risks facing the business,
principally through the formal meetings of tne Committee and
quarterly risk reporting. The Board decides whether these risks
should o8 avoided, mitigated or tolerated. The Group follows a
"top-down" and "bottom-up" approach to monvtoring and managing
risks, Top-down strategic risk management is directed from the
Beard and applied through the actions of the executive team and
wider senior management. Bottom-up operational risk management
\s implemented through the engagement, nsk awareness and
corporate responsibility of all Alpha employees, supported by
Alpha’s operations functions.


===== page 55 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 53

Risk assessment

The effective management of risk requires governance, oversight
and management, all of which are key components of Alpha's
robust risk management framework and underpin the Group's
abllty to execute its strategy and deliver long-term growth. in managing
risk globally, Alpha identifies risks both strategically and on a daily
basis, closely monitoring risk exposures by considering their
probability and potential impacts, and undertaking any management
actions to mitigate them with appropriate risk responses.

Alpha's risk management framework is built around its business
modei and strategy, and comprises six key components. All risk
management adheres to this process, which emphasises the
importance of business integrity, transparency and accountabilily.
The framework is cyclical and ensures the effective handling of all
emerging and identified organisational, strategic and relevant
extemal risks, while permitting the opportunity for continual
monitoring and improvement

‘The Group’s main tools for managing risks are its risk register
and its statement of risk apoetite. Alpna’s risk register records the
detail of risks that could have a material impact on the Group's
performance, financial resilience or reputation. It is overseen by
the Group Coordination Comrnittee and maintained using information
and perspectives from the core business and operations functions
of the Group (olease see the risk management governance on

p. 52 for more details).

For the risk register, risks are assessed using a scoring system
that captures the likelihood of their occurrence and the impact
that they would have on the Group. This approach altows the
Group to consider risks, identify trands and define responses
centrailly and consistently.

Atpha’'s approach to risk management
Responding to risks

Risk app

The statement of risk appetite defines the type and amount of

risk that the Group is willing to take in order to achieve its strategic
objectives, which has deen agreed by the Board. The Group then
assesses whether it is operating in line with its stated risk appetite
by monitoring movements in its key risk indicators, which are
incorporated In the Board’s risk reports.

Group risks are reviewed, discussed and challenged centrally by
the executive team through the Group Coordination Committes.
‘The Group Coordination Committee, supported by Alpha’s Group
Ask function, considers the risks that are or could be of significant
impact to the business and its strategy, and determines which
zisks should be escalated to the Board. As the Group Coordination
Committee represents ali areas of the business and operations.
its also able to agree the approach to and coordinate the
implementation of relevant risk mitigation actions

Reporting decisions are documented sa that the assessment and
escalation approach can be reviewed! by the Aucit and Risk Committee
as part of its assurance responsibilies. in exceptional circumstances,
where the risk is of a sensitive business nature, it may be raised
on an individual basis with the Chief Executive Officer, who can
present that risk directly to the Board.

The most material current risks to the Group are presented
in the Annual Report as the principal risks and uncertainties:
(see pp 57-60). The Board confirms that, having apptied the
approach described above, a robust assessment of the
principal risks and uncertainties has been carried out.

We use our risk appotite to tall us whic!
risks we will an will not tolerate. We define
the fevel of risk we can support (H.M.L:

and apply qualitative tits on spacitic risks
that can be monitored (‘key nsk indicators’),

Risk context

We target risks that emerge from our
industry are operating environment (the
“risk context"), We use govarnarce forums,
including monthly risk oversight and
bi-monthly business function meetings,

to proactively capture and undorstand
emerging nsks and future events.

Assessing risks.

We assess risk using a structured
process and consistent scoring approach,
which takes account of probability and
impact. The assessment of each is
documented or the Group Risk Register.

We regularly review our risks, icentity
trends and resgond with actions that allow
‘continuaus Improvement end development
through systematic horizon scanning and
ongoing assessments of extemal markets
events, to define kay principal risks and
widor risk themes, Each risk must be
owned and updated by a Risk Owner,

who Is a member of the Group Coordination
Committee or Divisional Leederstip,

Reporting
risk

Reporting riek

We provide assurance thal risk is
managed, escalated, treaiad and
mitigated. Risk reports [rom across the
Group. and the processes of control can
be assessed by the Audi & Risk Commitee

Governing risk

We govern risk through executive
oversight and responstilities covering
all business areas.

Ag

Corporate
risk culture

eo

alphafme.com

g
3
é
é
3
D
3
3
3
5



===== page 56 =====
54 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

Risk policy and categorisation

The Group's risk policy is reviewed at least annually and
enhanced periodically so that it remains relevant, taking into
account any emerging risks such as those linked to climate
change. As part of this, the Group ensures that it has effectively
identified the areas in which risks may arise, and could need to be
monitored or managed. To do this, the Group categorises and
assesses risk exposures using the following main groupings:

Operational risk

The Group's approach to minimising operational risk is to centralise
relevant processes and oversight frameworks through the leadership
team. which includes the Group Managing Director, and global
leads from Operations and IT, HR and Recruitment, Responsible
Business, Legal and Corporate Affairs. Operational risks are mitigated
through operational processes and, where required, projects that
are designed to strengthen the control environment, manage the
delivery of change effectively and protect Alpha's competitive
standing with regard to people and quality of service.

Industry and market risk

The Group's approach te minimising industry risk is to undertake
a regular assessment of the market and its influencers, including
regulatory, political anc structural change, and to maintain a close
dialogue with market participants, such as clients, competitors
and industry bodies. This review is delivered through the Group's
defined corporate governance responsibilities, wherein the directors
and regional leadership manage those relationships on a day-to-day
basis and communicate the key findings and perspectives to the
Group Coordination Committee and, in turn, to the Board of Directors.
Financial risk

The Group's approach to minimising financial risk is to manage
utlisation, day rates, costs and cash collection actively and
closely. The Group's target is for client projects to be chargeable
mainly on a time and matenals oasis, and to ensure that consultants’
time is recorded and billed each month

alphatme.com

Otherwise, the Group ensures that any delivery-based
arrangements have clear milestones for invoicing. A considerable
amount of attention is paid to consultant utilisation and day rates,
and their alignment to budget, which are reviewed and monitored
by the neads of region alongside the Group Finance tearm.

Environmental and social risk

The Group's approach te minimising environmental and social
risk is predicated on maximising the banetits and minimising the
downsides of the Group's economic, social and environmental
impacts, Within this category, the Group monitors a number of
individual risks including transition risk, which is the risk inherent
in any changing strategies, policies or investments as part of any
“net zero” or othar societal targets, and its ability to meet the
requirements of new regulation. Alpha has an ESG Committee
to oversee ESG risk management and monitor the delivery of the
Group’s ESG strategy in addressing these matters.

Legal and commercial risk

As 2 professional services provider, Alpha recognises that it is
exposed to risk from inadequate contracts and commercial terms,
as well as claims by clients or other parties. The Group's approach
40 minimising commercial and legal risk is to ensure that consistent
guidelines ang terms are in place for all contractual arrangements,
which is overseen by the Group Head of Legal & Corporate Affairs.
This approach 1s reinforced through strong senior leadership
responsibility across relevant areas in which claims and dispute
could occur, such as in client delivery. External advice is available
and sought where appropriate

Any risk could impact more than one of the above categories or
fall outside the above categories. However, this categorisation
facilitates the processes of identifying the risks that the Graup
faces and for distinguishing the risk appetite across the different
categories of risk



===== page 57 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024

55

Risk management governance

Top down
Top-down strategic risk management is
directed from the Board and applied
through the actions of the executive
tear and wider senior management
within operations. The Group's risk
function supports the Board, Audit and
Risk Commitiee, and senior management
through regular reporting and cascading
down processes and decisions about
the nsk policy.

Bottom up

Bottom-up operational risk
management is implemented through
the engagement, risk awareness and
corporate responsibilty of all Alpha
employees. The Group's risk function
faciltates awareness and structured
risk assessment processes, and
ensures an appropriate flow of risk
information and reporting upwards.

[illcore business tunctions canbe found on p. 17

Board of
Directors

Corporate accountability for risk:

— Assesses and reports on principal risks
and uncertainties.

— Agrees the risk appetite
— Agrees the key risk indicators.

— Deiermines strategic action points.

Audit and Risk
Committee

Corporate assurance:
— Oversight of risk processes and procedure.

~ Interna! control.

- Assasses affectivaness of risk management
framework and reporting

Group
Coordination
Committee

Executive responsibility:
— Monitors external environment.

— Oversees business-ievel risk
management activities.

— Monitors key risk indicators.
— Oversees strategic action points.
— Ownership of the risk register.

— Regular engagement with global
divisional leadership.

Group.
Executive
Committee

Strategic risk management:
— Oversees definition of the strategy.

— Monitors execution to strategic objectives.

— Identifies and addresses risk to business strategy

and direction,

Operational risk management:

— Monitor operating environment.

— Identity, assess and mitigate operational risks.
— Implement strategic action points.

— Execute policies, training and controls.

ation:

Operational risk ident
-~ Identify and report nsks.

Manage and own risks where relevant to role.

— Participate in risk training and follow risk processes.

~ Utilise risk toolkits and develop awareness.

alphafme.com

g
a
A
cs
a
P
3
3
H
a



===== page 58 =====
56 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

Enhancements to the risk management approach

The Group continues to review its isk management framework
annually and updates it to reflect any changes in the Group's risk
profile and its operating environment. During the past year, a
number of enhancements were introduced to Alona’s risk
management framework. These include:

~ Continuing to review and update the Group's risk governance
to capture the Group's ousiness forums correctly and the
integration of any new teams or functions. In the year, ts
included the integration of the Shoreline business into Aipha's
risk monitoring for APAC;

— Amendments to Board risk reporting to align with the review
and update of the principal risks in the year. This included the
alignment of key risk indicators te support the assessment of
those material risks, and increased reporting cycles to ensure
‘ongoing and active risk reporting to the Board:

~ Further focus on ESG as this topic continues to grow in terms
of ragulation, reputational consideration and reporting. This
included updating the framework to clarity the responsibilities
of the Resoonsible Business function in managing ESG-related
tasks and climate change risks;

— Continuing to build positive engagement and nunure a
risk-aware culture across the Alpna business, This nas been
enacted through relevant communications, attending company
meetings to spotlight and support risk topics, and knowledge
sharing on business-related matters, including enhancements
in the year to client due diligence coordination:

Further development of risk governance with key operational
functions and regional business ieadership to ensure regular
touchpoints, proactive risk-based discussions and consistent
approaches. This included bringing tagetner the Management
Consulting and Technology Consulting risk review given the
closer collaboration on market and delivery approaches across
the two aisciplines; and

— Advancements in artificial intelfigence (‘Al’) are prominent in the
landscape and present an opportunity for professional services
firms like Alpha to adapt accordingly. At the same time. the
Group must proactively iantify any adoption or security risks
that this presents. Alpha's internal governance around technology
advancements, including Al, includes representation from IT,
Legal and Risk to support this assessment,

In aiming to balance successtully corporate growth and
development with the consideration and management af Key
risks, Alpha reviews its risk framework and the need for any
enhancements at least annually. Following the year end, an
internal audit was algo initiated on the Group's risk management
practices and processes, faciltated by Grant Thornton to provide
assurance of Alpha’s risk management framework in identifying,
assessing and managing risks.

alphafme,com

Financial risk management

The Group has established internal contro! and risk management
structures in relation to the process for preparing the consolidated
financial statements. The key features of this framework are

— The Group's executive team understands the importance of
internal control and of adhering te the principles of risk
mritigation on a global, operational basi

— The Audit and Risk Committee has primary responsibility for
reviewing the quality of internal contrals and checks, to ensure
that the financial performance of the Group can be properly
measured and reported on;

— The Chef Financial Officer and Finance team regularly monitor
and consider developments in accounting regulations and best
practice in financial recorting and, where appropriate, rellect
developments in the consolidated financial statements;

— The Group's results are subject to various levels of review
within the Group's finance and management teams;

~ Both the Audit and Risk Committee and the Board review the
draft consolidated financial statements;

— The Audit and Risk Committee receives reports from senior
management and the external augitor on significant judgements
or estimates, changes in accounting policies, changes in
accounting estimates and other pertinent matters relating to
the consolidated financial statements; and

— The annual financial statements are subject to external audit

Market-related risks

‘The global consulting market experienced a more competitve
environment during the financial year — and the supply and
demand dynamics continue to rebalance. A longer sales cycle
remained in place during the year, which Alpha navigated through
resiiently, taking appropriate approaches to reinforce its position.
including an ongoing focus on day rates, selective hiring in key
growth areas and active ranagernent of its cost base.

The Group sees improving market conditions and. with that, more
positive market sentiment returning towards the end of FY 24,
albeit at a slower pace than first envisaged. The Group continues
19 see robust client demand and maintains a strong pipeline of
new business opportunities. These factors, together with the
strong long-term structural growth drivers that underin demand
for Alpha's services and the Group's compelling proposition to
clients, grovides confidence that the Group is still well positioned
for continued growth.

Alphe continues to monitor carefully the dynamics and risks
aasaciated with the competitive market enviranment, which is
captured within the macro pnneipal risk,

The Directors and the senior management team aiso continue to
manitor closely the situations in Ukraine, Israel and Gaza as they
evolve. Alpha’s operational foatprint does not extend to thase
particular areas. and we do not serviee clients based in those
territories. Currently, the principal risk to Alpha is from the wider
possible market impacts to the economy (piease see "Geopaltical”
‘on p. 58 for more information|; however we continue to track and
assess the risk of the conflict encompassing wider parts of the
Middle East region.


===== page 59 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 57

Principal risks and uncertainties

The table below outlines the principal risks and uncertainties faced by the
Group. They are not the only risks that may affect the Group, but they are the
risks that the Board currently believes would have the most significant impact
on the Group's strategy to achieve long-term profitable growth. There may be
additional risks that materialise over time that the Group has not yet identified
or deemed to have a potentially material adverse impact on the business and
the business strategy.

Overview of our principal risks and uncertainties

Risk Net risk rating Risk trend ie risk oe
High Medium — Low
@ Macro o
Risk trend
Geopoliticat a

B ceopoi a a increasing EZNochange Decreasing

@ Business strategy g a

@ vata security g

@ Acauisition and integration og

QO veople i]

© auality of service r]

Q competitors is]

© Regulatory environment
C7) Macro Net risk rating Risk trend
Risk Mitigating factors
Rigk that wider markel, economig,  — Monitoring ot key ousiness and growth activities within the Group's geographical locations
commercial and financial risks can and sectors, while consistently engaging with key internal stakeholders to identify, anc
impact the Group's ability to plan around, significant trends or events.

service clients, their demand for
consultancy and technology
services and, therefore, tne
Group's own performance — Business model that is responsive to change and regularly reviewed, and a proven record
and financial position. of developing the proposition successfully to anticipate and meet client needs.

— Regular horizon scanning to identity and assess emerging risks and to ensure an effective,
coordinated response to any macro challenges that are identified.

— Ongoing diversification and exoansion of the service offering, which can reduce the
overall impact on the Group of particular restrictions or challenges in certain geographies
or markets where Alpha is operating

alphafme.com

g
FI
8
é
2
3
3
3
3



===== page 60 =====
38 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

@ Geopoliticat

Net risk rating J Risk trend

Risk

Risk that external events and crises
‘can bring significant uncertainty,
volatility, and fragility to geopolitics
and markets, which can impact
bath the Group's operating mogel,
empioyess and ability to ceiver on
its strategic objectives.

@ Business strategy

Mitigating factors

— Regular engagement with regional busmess ieads to identity any changes in the
geopolitical landscape, as well as considering risks in potential new geographies or
operating locations.

— Use of external advisers, international third-party risk and global assistance information to
provide real-time security information, risk assessments, news alerts and forecasts for the
timely detection of geovolitical risks and global security events.

— Globat management governance that is highly responsive to emerging events, and market
and geopolitical trends ~ and ensures an effective, coordinated response to any
challenges that emerge.

— A strong track record of considering necessary changes to delivery approaches,
operating locations and business focuses; alongside a comprehensive HR and support
framework for employees affected by external events, crises and challenges

Net risk rating Risk trend

Risk

Risk that the Group responds
inadequately to changing merket
factors and/or opportunities,
including technofogicat
advancements and disruptors. The
success of the Group's strategy
depends on anticipating changes
and developing a proposition that
best serves its clients.

alphafme.com

Mitigating factors

— Robust ousiness model that involves proactive and adaptive planning and execution,
alongside strong governance at a market, sector and service offering level to enabie close
review of performance and identify any changes to the Graup strategy in line with evolving
market factors

— Proven ability, through successful growth and expansion over 20+ years, to
understand the structural drivers of the market, and to innovate and enhance the
service offering accordingly, including the development of market-leading technology
and data capabilities.

— The Group continues to support and drive client demand by identifying and investing
in new market-leading service propositions and developing technology complements
to support clients across the financial services sectors in which It operates.

— Strong visibility of market advancements and growth opportunities, enabled through
an effective and coordinated director team working across multiple geographies and
sectors, and a roadmap to increase the business both organically and inorganically,


===== page 61 =====
Annuai Report & Accounts 2024 59

Q Data security Netriskeating Ef Fisk trend g

a
Risk Mitigating factors a
Risk of cyber attacks, security -- A comprehensive suite of data protection and information security policies, overseen Fd
breaches and cata mishandling, by the Information Security function, to monitor and ensure compliance with 3
leading to consequent risks to processing agreements across key stakeholders and suppliers. =

client data, loss of integrity or

availability of core data. — IT Operations function collaborates with proficient external partners to facilitate

the global delivery of the Group's internal and client-facing IT services.

— Best practice controls to prevent, detect and resoond quickly to any cybersecurity
events and data handling anomalies.

— Policies, processes, testing and training are in piace to define the standards of control
and educate staff on the operating context and potential risks, inchiding the constantly
evolving cyber risk landscape.

@ Acquisition and integration Net risk rating Risk trend
Risk Mitigating factors

Risk of failure of the Group to — FU acquisition due diligence and integration framework, including analysis, planning
select, complete and integrate and mitigation as part of the upfront framework and dedicated integration projects with
businesses that contribute worksireams across business, commercials and operations for each acquisition.

positively to the business model

and growth strategy — The Group's extensive experience of working with clients on high-profile acquisition

and integration frameworks is leveraged and constantly refined through the Group's
own acquisition activities.

— Continuous monitoring of the market for acquisition opportunities that would support
the Group's strategy, positively enhance the offering and client satisfaction, and align
with Alpha's cutture and values.

— Dedicated project teams assess and integrate the acquired entities, people, processes
and systems into the Group and also ensures compliance to Alpha’s standards.

oO People Net risk rating Risk trend
Risk Mitigating factors

Risk of failure to attract, incentivise — Unique culture that values diversity, inclusivity, high performance, meritocracy, sociability,
and retain the best people with the and support, accompanied by a broad and responsive support structure — incorporating
right capabilities across all HR, individual mentors, and externai advice schemes — to ensure @ continuous focus
propasitens, levels and geographies. ‘on our values and cuiture, alongside a robust set of policies.

A failure to undertake effective
succession planning for key roles
could also adversely increase this
risk and impact performance.

— Rigorous in-house recruitment process, which targets the highest calibre consultants
in the Industry, demonstrated through Alpha's record of attracting top talent versus
the competition and increasing haadcount.

— Competitive, regularly benchmarked remuneration package with benefits for career
development, recognition, and participation in profit-sharing or cash bonus,

. Extensive focus on retention, building capabilities, and providing targeted learning
and development opportunities with a hyperfocus on support, career development,
and effective succession planning.

alphatme.com


===== page 62 =====
60 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

C7) Quality of service

Netrisk rating BQ) Risk trend

Risk
Failure to maintain quality of service
on client delivery engagements.

3 Competitors

Mitigating factors

— Clearly defined terms agreed uo front, ensuring that each delivery framework
is appropriate and the delivery objectives are achievable.

~ Clear client account ownershio structures to ensure accountability for client relationships,
from opportunity generation, to ongoing monitoring of client satisfaction and tulfiiment
of agreed delivery criteria,

— Dynamic and integrated risk managernent framework, which encompasses service
delivery oversight, to support the Group's focus on delivery excellence and early risk
identifcation, and promotes business collaboration on bath opportunities and challenges.

— Close attention to client satisfaction and retention in the market, as well as the generation
of re-sell and cross-sell opportunities, demonstrating the strength of the Group's full cient
proposition suite and consistency of reoutation for Quality across all business areas.

Net risk rating [J Risk trond

Risk

Risk that a competitor or new
entrant may be able to achieve
success and win work from the
Group’s existing clients, Less
mature Or more specialist
propositions, which the Group
chooses to develop, may present
less of a competitive advantage.

© Regulatory environment

Mitigating factors
— Continual development and investment in key competitive differentia‘ors, including
-~ Highly focused sector proposition, working exclusively in asset and weaith
management, alternatives and insurance sectors;

— Strong, global reputation amongst clients, with the broad and deep expertise,
and very high quality of the Alpha teams as a key competitive advantage;

— In developing new specialist propositions, Alpha leverages its strong global client
retationships anc extensive industry insights to earn cornpetitive advantage from
an early stage; and

— Monitoring of the market to identify and assess any changes in competitive position,
including growth rates and the link between demand and supply overall.

Net rskrating J Risk trend

Risk

Risk that the Group does not
successfully identify, address and/
of meet forthcoming regulation, or
that the business model and
strategy are materially impacted by
legal and regulatory changes that
restrict the service offering or
access to key markets.

alphatme.com

Mitigating factors

— Ongoing horizon scanning and reguiatory assessment across Aipha’s gecgraphies
and markets in order to identify and meet emerging requirements in all contexts:
as a consultancy provider, a listed company, and a business organisation.

— Regular engagement anc proactive dialogue with regulators, industry bodies and
advisers, as well as Aipha’s own client Regulatory Compliance Consulting practice,
to complement horizon scanning and fully assess reguletory and legal changes.

— Regular review and update of the Group's policies and processes to promote and
ensure compliance with all applicable regulations (including ESG regulatory standards).

-- Ongoing diversification and expansion of the service offenng, which can reduce the
‘overall impact on the Group of particular new or changing regulation while relevant
responses are implemented


===== page 63 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 61

Non-financial information

and sustainability statement

The Group has complied with the requirements of Sections
AIACA and 414CB of the Companies Act 2006 by inciuding
certain non-financial information within the Strategic Report.
The following table constitutes our non-financial information
statement, and includes cross-references to where more
detailed disctosures of non-financial information can be found.

Reporting Principal locations in this
requirement Annual Report Pages Summary of business application
Business medel Business mosel — Strategic Report 187 ‘An exslanaltion of the Group's business model is given in the
business model section of the Siralegic Report
Principalrisks "Uk management and pnnoipal risks and 52-56 The Board's process for considering and reviewing principal
uncertainties - Stratogic Roport ‘isks is outhned in the risk management ang principal nsks and
uncertainties saction of the Strategic Report.
Non-financial __ey Performance indicators - Stratego Report 2-25 The Board approves non-financial KPIS, such as headcount
KPIs and clients, More information on these can be found in the
key performance indicators section of the Strategic Report.
Environmental Sustainable busmess — Strategic Report 40-47 Information on the Group's corporate social responstolry
matters objectives, poly ana the Group's envronmentat focus, Is provided
incluc ding inthe sustainable business section of the Strategic Report.
climate-related —TCFO statement 48-51 Information on climate-ralated risks and opportunities and the
disclosures governance arrangements thal are in place to assess and
ESG Committee report 78 manage these, are includad tha TOFD statement.
Employees Looking after our people ~ Strategic Report 26-09 Our employee-related policies and procedures are available
10 all employees — this includes policies around welveing,
360 feedback, parental leave, otc.
More information on how we jock after our people is provides
wn the sustainable business and section 172 statement sections.
The Group's Corporate Camplance Manuals available on the
Alpha website and is made availble to all ersployees,
Human rights, __ Sustainable business ~ Strategie Report 40-47 Our anti-bribery arid whistieblowng review processes are
anti-corruption Audi ard Fisk Commitee report — 2-83 set out in the Annual Report, The policies are available to
and anti-bribery _ Corporate Governance all employees and are contained in the Group's Corporate
yY— Conipliance Manuel wher is published on the Alpha website
SASE aisclosure 184-157
ur humgn tights approach 1s detailed in uur sustainable
business section n the Strategic Report
Socialmatters  _ Looking after our people - Strategic Report 238 Details around our corporate social responsibilty approach
Sustainable business Strategie Report dona? are explained in the sustamable business section.

The Strategic Report was approved by the Board of Directors on 20 June 2024.

By order of the Board

Luc Baqué

Chief Executive Officer

20 June 202 ¢

alphatme.com

2
Fy
a
2
3
Fa
z
3
8



===== page 64 =====
af

sie
62 Annual Report & Accounts 2024 eon .



===== page 65 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 63

Corporate
Governance

64 Chairman's introduction

66 Board of Directors

68 Corporate Governance Code

70 Corporate governance report

76 Nomination Commitiee report
78 ESG Committee report
80 Audit and Risk Committee report

°o
g
3
3
a
3
2
8
2
Ey
3
Fd
3
8

84 Remuneration Committee report

95 Directors’ report

88 Statement of Directors’ responsibilities

99 Independent auditor's report

66 Alpha brings an unparalleled
level of expertise and depth
of market experience to its
work in the financial advice
sector. They bring unique
insights to the market
landscape and are
established as our leading
consultancy partner in this
growing part of the business.”

Director,
FTSE 100 advice leader

alphafme.com


===== page 66 =====
64 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate Governance

Chairman's introduction

Ken Fry
Charman

The Board recognises the benefits of

a robust governance framework and
remains committed to strong corporate
governance, appropriately aligned with
the Group's priorities. This includes
managing risk, promoting a responsible
corporate culture and delivering the
growth strategy.

An introduction from the Chairman

4s Directors of the Board, we understand that an engaged
Board and an effective committee structure facilitates the good
governance af the entire Group. As such, we have developed our
governance structure to support the Group's continued success
and growth. The Board has an Audit and Risk Committee, a
Remuneration Committee, a Nomination Committee and an.

ESG Committee, each with format delegated duties and responsibilities.
The structure of the Board and its committees, together with the
executive management of the Group. is set out in the corporate
governance report on pp 70-75.

The role of the Chairman is 10 lead the Board and be responsible
tor its governance, performance and effectiveness. The Chairman
sets the tone for the Company and ensures that the links betwesn
the Board and the executive team, as well as between the Board
and the shareholders, are strong and efficient.

Recommended cash offer to acquire the Group

On 20 June 2024, the Baard of Directors announced a
recommended cash offer to acquire Alpha by Actium Bidco (UK)
Limited, a newly incorporated indirect subsidiary of certain funds
managed by Bridgepoint Advsers Limned, which is expected

to be implemented by way of a scheme of arrangement {the
*Offer”), Completion of this Offer will be subject to approval by
shareholders at a Court meeting and a General Meeting. The
tings and arrangements for these meetings will be confirmed
ina scheme document to be sent 1o shareholders, Further information
on the Offer can be found on the Company's website.

alphatme.com

Should the Offer be approved by shareholders, upon completion
of the Offer the Company is expected to be re-ragistered as a
private company, and will therefore no longer be subject to the
reguiatory and governance framework applicable to public
companies, Upon completion of the Offer, itis the intention

of the Independent Directors to step down from the Board.

As at the publication date of this report, the Company's shares
remain admitted to trading on the AIM market and the provisions
of the AIM Bules for Companies and the QCA Corporate Governance
Cade continue to apply to the Company. Cenain aspects of the
governance disclosures set out this report relate to the Group’s
governance arrangements and areas af focus for FY 28, including
the Group's new Remuneration Policy as in effect from 1 April 2024
These arrangements remain in piace as at the date of publication
of this report and will continue to apply to the Group up to the
date of completion of the Offer.

The progress of the Offer in the coming waeks will determine
whether the Company is required 10 hold its 2024 Annual General
Meeting. A further update will be provided to shareholders on this
matter in due course.

Compliance with the QCA Corporate

Governance Cade

{n recognising the importance of high standards of corporate
governarice, integrity and business ethics, the Board continued to
apply the 2018 Quoted Company Alliance Corporate Governance
Code {the “2018 QCA Code”) during the year ended 3% March 2024
A description of how the Boars has applied the principles of this
Code is provided on pp 68-69. The corporate governance report
on pp 70-75 sets out further information about the Group's
govemance framework,

The Directors recognise the ned to continue developing the
corporate governance structure ard processes to refiect the
evolving requirements of the Group's shareholders, employees,
clients and wider stakenotders,

The Board has carefully considered the updates to the 2023
version of the Quoted Companies Corporate Governance Code
tthe “2023 QCA Code’, and the Company has taken proactive
steps to ensure that it is now compliant with these new principles
for tne financial year beginning 1 Apri 2024, Furthermore, a process
of implementing a number of enhancements fo our governarice
framework has already commenced during the current year,
including bolstering the Board evaluation process and the evolution
of executive remuneration arrangements. We will report fully against
tne 2023 GCA Code in our FY 23 Annual Report, in ine wit QCA
recommendations (if stil relevant, m view of the Ofer

FY 24 in focus

In FY 24, arumber of developments relating to the Board structure
and governance framework, as outined in the FY 23 Annual Report
became fully embedded. Luc Baqué formally took on the role of
Cinef Executive Officer on 1 April 2023, following the completion
of a thorough handover from Euan Fraser, the former Chief Executive
Officer, Euan supported the Board as a Strategic Adviser until

9 January 2024, which ensured @ smooth transition,


===== page 67 =====
66 The Board is dedicated to
upholding the highest standards
of corporate governance. We
consider business ethics, integrity.
and strong governance fundamental
to reducing risk and securing
long-term shareholder value.”

FY 24 also saw the first full financial year with the ESG Committee
in place. This Committee aligns the Board's environmental, social
and governance priorities and decision-making processes with
internal and external stakeholders, and it has overseen the shaping
and implementation of a comprehensive ESG strategy, alongside
other disclosures. The Group was pleased to have published its
first Sustainability Report and public UK Gender Pay Gao report
on its website, and its first TCFD report is published within this
‘Annual Report and Accounts (see pp 48-51). The Group's ESG
Committee report on pp 78-79 sets out this Comrrittee's
activities during FY 24 and its priorities for FY 26 in more detail

Several new initiatives and enhancements to the governance
framework commenced during FY 24 and will continue to evolve
in FY 25. The Remuneration Committee, with the guidance of an
extemel specialist remuneration consultant, undertook a comprehensive
review of the Group's remuneration arrangernents for the Executive
Directors and senior management. This has culminated in a new
Remuneration Poticy for FY 25, which is more closely aligned with
current best practice for a large AlM-quoted business. Details can
be found in the Remuneration Committee report on pp 84-94,

An important element of this process was proactively consulting
with our major shareholders to seek their views on the proposals:
before implementation.

‘The Group also took st¢os to strengthen an already robust risk
management orocess, Under the supervision and direction of the
Audi and Risk Committee, the risk policy has been reviewed and
updated as oar of the annual review process, and an external
firm has been engaged to provide internal audit services to
supplement the existing ausit process. Details of these developments
can be found in the Audit and Risk Committee report on pp 80-83.

The Group appointed its first in-house, full-time Company Secretary
in June 2028, Following the completion of a structured transition
process from Prism GoSec during the year, the Company Secretary
works closely with the Board, its committees and the Group’s
stakeholders, to ensure tne governance framework continues to.
be robust and, importantly, is able to evolve in line with best practice

9
8
3
8
&
é
g
3
a
Fy
F]
F
8

in the coming year, the Board will continue to champion the
Group's positive culture and robust governance framework

and ensure that they remain appropriate and proportionate to
the Group's size, complexity, risx profile, and strategic ambitions.
The Board will implement further enhancements to the Group’s.
governance credentials during FY 28, including demonstrating
progress against the ESG roadmap.

Stakeholders

The Board considers its key stakeholders to be its employees,
its shareholders, its clients and the communities in which the
Group operates, and understands these relationships facilitate

its decision making at an executive level. A statement setting out
how the Directors have discharged their duties under Section 172
of the Companies Act 2006, inciuding a description of how the
Group has engaged with its key stakeholders, is set out on

pp 31-36.

Corporate culture

The Directors believe that the Group’s culture, together with a
strong emphasis on integrity, business ethics, and good corporate
governance, ensures its ability to execute the strategy, deliver the
right outsomes for the Group's clients, and create value for
shareholders and other stakeholders,

The Board is able to promote and monitor the desired corporate
culture across the Group through its engagement with emplayee
representatives, review of relevant policies and decision making at
an executive level. The Group's culture and values are described
in the Looking After Our People section on pp 36-39.

Ken Fry
Chairman

124

alphafme.com


===== page 68 =====
66 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate Governance

Board of Directors

->
Ye ‘ ;
. ee
. ee
4
Ken Fry Luc Baqué John Paton
Independent Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer
Non-Executive Chairman
Committee BEG
membership
Term of Ken joned the Alpha Board as a Non-Executive Luc was apoointad as Chief Executive ohn joined Alpha as Chief Financial Officer
office Director in 20°6 and wes apparted Officer of Alpha on + Apri 2023 ir 2018.
Non-Executive Chanman of tha Group in
2018, In 2028, Kan will have Served on tre
‘Boars for nine years, and succession planing
arargemens are therefore uncer consiceration
Committee Kens Charr of the Nomination Commitice, Lue attends meatings of ne Audit and Risk, John regularly attends the Audit and Risk
membership and a member of the Audit and Risk ESG, Nommaton and Remuneration Committee meetings by invitation. Ho is also
Committee, the ESG Committee anc the Committags by invitatian when aporopnate. invited to attend’ meetings of the E86,
Romuneration Committee. Nomination, ang Remuneration Committoas
by inutation wher appropriate,
Skills and Ken was Global Chief Operating Otticer at Lucjoinec Alpha ir 2010 as Head of Asset John is @ chartared accountant with aver
experience bergen Asset Managemen! fornearly 10 & Wealth Management Consuting~ France 26 years’ finance, banking, corporate finance
years anc has over 30 years’ experience in from 2010 to 20"5, Head cf Asset &Weatth ang accountancy practice expenance. He
financial sernices. Ho has corsiaerable Management Consulting — Europe from 2015 started his career at KPMG, warking across
experience integrating accuisitons within 102020 and Global Head of Asset & Wealth financial serwces auc, risk managernert,
the investment management industry anda Management Gansulting from 2020 untilis financial reporting governanca, risk and
‘strong technology and operations background, appointment as Chief Executne OMtcor of intemal controls, and systems implementations
having undertaken many transformational the Group. Luc has ows 20 years of experience Jatin jomed! Aipna from HSBC where he was
projects Curing his career. He drecied the inthe industry. Prior to joining Alpha, he was @ Dreciorin both ine Global Banking & Markeis
integrator at major acauisitans whhie at Heag of Change Management al UBS Wealth and Cornrrercal Banking divisions in Loxcon
Aberdeen Asset Management, roluding ‘Management in Pars for frve yoars, and (Over ns 1-year tenure at HSBC, ne advised
assets acturec from Deutsche Asset Spent six years specialising in iranciat ona variety of MBA transactions and lec loan
Management, Crocit Suisse Asset serces with Seiving international, a financings for UK corporates. Prior to this, re
Maragement and Scottish Wiciows strategy management consultancy. focused on césital raisings, nelucing AIM
Investment Partners, . IPOs, While at Alpha, John has managed the
Luc holds a Master's degree in Engrreering financial aspects of the acquisitions ana
‘Kon keeps tha skils #6 support and asiver from Ecole Centrale oe Marseite ard curnpieted —meqrations of Axxsys ana Obsidian Solutions
the Grauc's stiategy Up to Cate by marrtamrg ar Executive Program at the Stanlora in 2019, Lionpaint in 2024 and Shoreline in
a wide retwork of giobal contacts wihintre University Graduate Schaot of Business. say 2023
finarcial services industry. He regularly
atiends conferences arc ciscussion forums AS Chet Executive Otficer, Luc has to He is 2 member of the Institute of Charterot
to keep aoreast of ncustry issues and meets Understand ana manage the interests of a Accountants of Scotland, graduated LLB
with clients, employees, advisers and range of stakeholders, meudirg employees, cna) trom the Unversity of Aberdeen and
instluttonal evestors. He also advises on Gleants, compettors and investors. Luc halos an Executive MBA from the Linwersity
MBA strategy within the investment maintains strong industry relationships of Gristol and Ecole Natiorale des Ports et
management and wealth industry. which involves sharing of Krowieage arc Chaussées, France.
perspective on curfent themes and tosins.
John's rola muolvas deep knowledge of the
Group's management, nancial and operaitoral
‘actwies, and mportart corporate and statutory
resconsbbiites. He also maintains a celalec
vvew of ndusty, inarca! ard ‘equiatory cnanges:
ard stays updated through tialegue with
advisers, regular techrical reaairg, or ire
courses and altering relavart everts.
Externaf Ken has no other significant commutmnents, Nore None,

appointments

‘or appointments to other publicly
traded companies.

aiphaime.com


===== page 69 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024

67

Committee membership key
B¥ Audit and Risk Committee
IESG Committee

{2 Nomination Committee
Remuneration Committee
chair

Penny Judd Jill May Maeve Byrne

Senior Independent Independent independent
Non-Executive Director Non-Executive Director Non-Executive Director
ooo gang ngoo

Penny joined the Alpha Board as Senior
Independent Non-Executive Director in
February 2018.

uilloined the Alpha Board as a
Non-Executve Director July 2020.

‘Maeve joined the Alpha Board as a
Non-Executive Director on 16 May 2022.

Penny is Chair of the Remuneration
‘Commuttee and a member of the Audit and
Risk, ESG anc Nomination Committees.

Villis Chair of the ESG Committee anc a
member of the Audit and Risk, Nomination
and Remuneration Committees,

Maeve is Chair of the Augit anc! Risk
Committee and a member of the ESG,
‘Nomination and Remuneration Committees.

Penny has a strong public markets anc
financial services background, with over 30
years’ axparignce in compliance, regulation,
corporate finance and audit and is a qualified
charlered accountant, Pner te jeiring Alpha,
Penny beld the roles of Managing Director
and EMEA Head of Compliance at both
‘Nomura International ple and UBS AG.

‘She was Non-Executive Chair of Pius500
Limtted from 2016 19 202°.

Penny maintains the skis to suoport and
deliver the Group's strategy through her
experience gained on ather listed company
boards and has @ wide network of contacts,
in financial services anc! regulation. She
attends various conferences and events
covering relevant moustry and governance
matters, and reguiar'y meets with a range of
advisers and institutionat iavestors in AIM
and main market companies

Jul has over 20 years’ experience in
investment banking, with her execute
career spent working in corporate finance
tor SG Warburg 8 Co. Ltd (1988-25) and
Senior positions In group strategy at UBS,
where she was a Managing Director trom
2001 to 2012. She was a Panel Mamber
(2013-18) and a Non-Executive Director
(2013-16) of the Compelition and Markets
Authordy ("CMA") and a Non-Executwe
Cirector of the Instaute of Chartered
Accountants in England and Wales
ICAEW") (20°5-19).

vill maintains a wide network of contacts in
financial services and regulation. She attends
various conlerences and events cavern
relevent incustry and ESG mattors and stays
undated on ESG regulation and reporting
practice develoomants.

Maave is g Fellow ol the Institute of Chartered
Accountants in Ireland and has over 80 years’
experience in financial services. She started
her career a3 an auctor with KPMG Ireland
and workec in several other KPMG intemabonel
offices in Europe anc North America. Within
KPMG, Maeve moved trom auctt to transaction
sorvices where she was a Financial Services
Partner from 2002 lo 2014, From 2010 to
2013, she was seconded to Royal Bank of
Scotland ang the Non-Core Division, were
she was Chief Financial Officer and a member
of the Group Finance Board and Risk &
Control Committee. From 2014 to 2017, she
ald senior executive rolas at the Rayal Bank
of Scotland in Capital Resolutions Group ang.
Williams & Giyn.

Since 2017, Maeve has fooused on
transformation serwoes, offering board
advisory services as en independent
consultant, She has werked with financial
services companies including Santander
and clients in the fntech/neobank space,

‘She maintains the skills to suppart and deliver
the Group's strategy by attending events
covering relavant industry and governance
matters, particularly in ralation to her role as
Chair of the Augit ang Risk Committee.

Perry is currently Non-Executive Director
and Chair of the Audit arg Fisk Commuttee
of Trutin plo and Tear’ 7 Group ple and
Non-Executive Chai of FRP Advisory Group
Pic, Penny is also Chair of the Audit and Risk
Committee of Lendinvest ple as at the date
of this report, but will stea down from this
role with effect from the publication of
Lonainvest plc's armnual results in July 2024

villis currently an External Member of tre
Prudentiat Regulation Committee at the Bank
of England ard a Non-Executive Director of
‘abrdn Property Income Trust Limted are JP
Morgan Claverhouse Investment Trust ple. She
's also an Adviser to the Strategy Gommutiee of
James Hambro and Partners, and a Trustee of
Tusk, a charity supporting progressive
conservation initiatives across A‘rica.

Maeve has no signficant com*ritmonts or
appartments to oiner publey iraded compares

alphatme.com

o
g
3
Hy
a
a
a
8
¢
FY
3
3
g
3
8



===== page 70 =====
68 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate Governance

Corporate Governance Code

The 2018 QCA Code requires the Group to apply the 10 principles of corporate
governance as set out below and to publish certain related disclosures in the
Annual Report, on the website, or a combination of the two. The Group followed
the 2018 QCA Code's recommendations throughout FY 24, providing disclosure
relating to all the principles in a corporate governance statement on its website.
Asummary of the Group's compliance with the principles is set out below.

The revised principles of the 2023 QCA Code apply to financial years Beginning on or after 1 April 2024 and, in accordance with the
QCA's recommendation, the Board will disclose how it has applied the principles of the 2023 QCA Code in the FY 25 Annual Report
(if still relevant, in view of the Offer},

Section 1: Deliver growth

Links to the following report section

Principle 1: The business mocel s premised upon delivering growth The Group’s ousiness model and strategy
Establish a strategy through the cross-sell and up-sell of its high-quality are described inthe Strategic Report on
and business model _service offering to existing clients and the sale of i's pp 16-23.
that promote long-term services fo new clients.
value for shareholders. 6 strategy is to continue growing in bath existing and
new jurisdictions by ceveloping the service proposition
in seeking fo implement its strategic aims, the Board
lakes account of the expectations of the Group's
shareholder base in addition to its wider stakeholder
and social responsibilities.
Principle 2: Goog, consistent engagemnent with shareholders is given The Group's approach to shareholder
Seek to understand ahigh priority by the Board. The princivel methods of communications is desorbed in the corporate
and mest shareholder communication with shareholders are through regular, «governance report on pp 70-75.
needs and expectations, direct executive-level engagement at meetings and capital
markels evens, the Annwai Report and Accounts, ne Te Chel Execute Officer Ihe Ciel Franca
interim and full-year results announcements, the Annual ficer and the Company Secretary act as
General Meeting AGM") and Ine Group's webste, the main points of contact for shareholders
siphatino corviwestors (company.secretary@alohatme.com}
The Chalrman and Non-Executive Directors are available Duting the year, the Char of the Remuneration
to meet with shareholders, if required, to discuss any Committee offered fo meet with Major
toms of importance shareholders in relation to the consultation
onthe FY 26 Remuneration Policy.
Principle 3: The Board, supported by the executive team, is committed The Groun’s community and corperate social

Take into account wider
stakeholder and social
responsibilties and
their implications for
long-term: success.

to operating a socially and ethically responsible compary.

Engagement with stakeholders and wider communities
engures alignment of interests and facilitates good
decision making.

Principle 4:
Embed effective risk
management, considering
both opportunities and
tnreats, througnout

the organisation.

The Board has overall responstbility for the Group's risk
management tramework, including internal controt and
risk managernent systems. In executing this role, it regulary
considers and reviews the risks and opportunities facing
the Alpha business

The goat of the Board is to set policies that seek to reduce
ongoing risk as far as cossible, without unduly affecting
the Group's competitiveness and flexibility.

alphatme.com

responsibilty disciosure is provided as part
of tne sustainable business section on

p. 45. A separate Sustainability Report is also
publisned on the Group's website.

The Group's engagement model with clients
and wider stakeholders is descnbed in the
Strategic Report on pp 31-35.

The Group's risk management framework
is described in the Strategic Report

on pp 52-56 and in the corporate
governance report on pp 70-75.



===== page 71 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 69

Section 2: Maintain a dynamic framework

Links to the following report section

Principle 5:

Maintain the Board as a
well-functioning, balanced
team led by the Chair.

The Group believes that the Board's composition
brings a desirable range of skills, personal qualities

and professional credentials. Suitable Board operations,
access to advice and administrative services, effective
induction of new Directors and a regular performance
assessment also ensure Board effectiveness.

The Board’s composition and operating
frarnework is described in the corporate
governance report on pp 70-75,

Principle 6:

Ensure that between
them, the Directors
have the necessary
up-to-date experience,

Alpha's Board needs to represent a range of skills anc
comgetencies as an AIM-quoted provider of specialist
consultancy services to the asset management, wealth
management and insurance industries. The Board
includes experience in public markels, financial services,

Biographical details of the Directors, including
relavant experiences and how skill sets are
kept up to date, are provided on pp 66-67
of the corporate govemance report.

Ail Directors voluntarily offer themselves for

‘skills and capabilities. governance ana auc the consulting sector, and re-slection by shareholders at each Annual
es General Meeting.

Principle 7: The Board's objectives are lo aporove the Group's strategy, The Board's evaluation framework and

Evaluate Board ‘oudgets and key corporate activities, and oversee its FY 24 evaluation process are described

performance based on progress towards its goals. The Group has 2 process for in the corporate governance report

clear and relevant
objectives, seeking
continuous:
improvement.

evaluating the performance of the Board, committees
and individual Directors in respect of those objectives.

‘on pp 70-75 and the Nomination
Committee report on pp 76-77.

Principle 8:

Promote a corporate
culture based on ethical
values and behaviours.

The Board recognises its role in fostering and safeguarcing
a culture of inclusion, responsibility and openness. These
values are embedded throughout the Group's teadership

and organisation

The Group's cuiture and values are
discussed in the looking after our people
section on pp 36-39.

The ESG strategy and roadmap is overseen
by the ESG Committee and details of its role
and activities are included in the ESG@
Committee report on pp 78-79.

The Group's Sustainability Report, which
can be found on the Alpha website at
alohafme.comanvestors, also provides
supporting complementary information
on the Group's ESG activities.

Principle 9:

Maintain governance
structures and processes
‘that are fit for purpose
and good decision
making by the Board.

The Group operates an offective, streanilinted governance
framework, In this framework, the Board supports the
executive team in developing and executing the Group's
strategy, and key decisions are reached through open and
constructive dialogue

A governance chart is provided on p. 74 and
processes are described on pp 72-73 of the
corporate governance report.

Section 3: Build trust

Links to the following report section

Principle 10:
Communicate how the
Company is governed
and ts performing by
maintaining a dialogue
with shareholders and
other relevant stakeholders,

The Group places a great emphasis on nigh standards
of corporate governance and effective engagement with
its shareholders and stakeholders. In addition to the
Annuai Report and Accounts, the website is updated
regularly with information regarding the Group's activities
and performance.

The governance of the Company, which
is led by the Board, is described in the
corporate governance report on pp 70-75.

The website, alphatmc.com/investers, provides
the Graup's reports and presentations,
notices of AGM and results of voting on all
resolutions at AGMs.

alphatme.com

fe}
g
3
g
s
s
2
3
2
g
3
B
a
a
&



===== page 72 =====
70 Annuat Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate Governance

Corporate governance report

Board composition

The Board comprises six Directors: the independent Non-Executwe
Chairman, three independent Non-Executive Directors and Iwo
Executive Directors.

As a leading global provider of specialist consultancy services
to the financial services industry and an AIM-quoted company,
Alpha requires a range of skills, capabilities and competencies
to be represented on the Board, including experience in public
markets, financial services, governance and audit, the consulting
sector and business operations. The Board is confident that its
members have the appropriate balance of functional and sector
experience, skills, personal qualities and capebiliies to provide
constructive support and challenge to the Executive Directors,
and to deliver the strategy of the Group for the henefit of the
shareholders over the medium to long term. The biographies

of the Directors, including a summary of their relevant skills

and experience can be found on pp 86~67.

The Board aiso recognises that, as the Group evolves, the mix
of skills and experience required on the Board may evolve and
the Board composition will need to reflect those changes. The
Nomination Committee has responsibilty for sucession planning
for the Board, its cammittees and senior management.

A rigorous Board performance evaluation for FY 24 was undertaken
during March and Apri 2024. The evaluation was conducted
using a recognised oniing platform and was followed by an
in-person review of the output by the Nomination Committee.
‘The results of Board performance evaluations are used to inform
the Group's succession plans and any Board development needs.
Further details of the FY 24 Board evaluation review, including the
scope of the review and key findings, can be found on p. 77.

Roles of the Directors

‘The Group operates an effective, appropriate governance
framework. The Board has collective and ultimate responsibility
for establishing a strategy and business model that promotes
long-term value for shareholders. The Board is supported by the
Group's executive team, led by the Chief Executive Otticer

in developing and executing the Group’s strategy.

The Executive Directors have strong knowledge of the operations
of the Group, the interests of its stakeholders, and its market and
financial positions Senior executives below Board level attend
Board meetings upon request to present and discuss ousiness
strategy and updates

The Executive Directors that served on the Board throughout the
year were Luc Baqué, as Chiet Execute Ofticer, and Jonn Paton,
the Chef Financial Officer. Luc Baqué was appointed as Chief
Executive Oificer on 1 April 2023, following a structured transition
from Euan Fraser. the outgoing Chief Executive Officer. To maximise
continuity. Evan Fraser undertook a part-time role as Strategic
Adviser to the Board between 1 April 2023 and 4 January 2024,

alphafme.com

The independent Non-Executive Directors of the Board are
Ken Fry, Penny Judd, ull! May and Maeve Byrne. They were
selected with the objective of increasing the breadth of skills
and experience of the Board, bringing constructive and
independent challenge to the Executive Directors and
monitoring theif performance. The Non-Executive Directors
are also responsible for the effective running of the Board's
committees and ensuring that the committees support and
facilitate the stratogic priorities of the Board,

Penny Judd is the Senior Independent Non-Executive Director
('SID"), The principal role of the SID is to act as a sounding board
for the Chairman and to serve as an intermediary for the other
Directors when necessary. Penny is also available to sharenolders
should they wish to discuss concerns that they feel have not been
resolved through the normal channels of engagement with the
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer or Executive Directors, or far
which such contact is inappropriate

At the head of the Group, there sa clear delineation of responsibiities
between the Charman of the Board ang the Chiet Executive Officer
The Non-Executive Chairman leads the Board and is responsible
for its governance, performance and effectiveness. This includes
ensuring that the dynamics of the Board are functional and
productive and that no individual Director dominates discussion
or decision making. In this role, the Chairman sets the tone for the
Company and ensures that the links between the Board and the
executive team, as well as between the Board and the shareholders,
are strong and effective, Meanwhile, the Chief Executive Officer is
responsible for the day-to-day management of the Group's global
operations, for proposing the strategic plan and focuses to the
Board, and for implementing the strategic goals agreed by the Board.

Board of Directors Ken Fry Independent
Non-Executive
Responsible for estabishing Charman
the Company's strategic
rection and overseeing
a robust framework
of governance.
Executive Directors Luc Baque one Executive
Rasponsivie for day-to-day Oneer
management of the
Company's busmess John Paton Chiel Financial
operations arc deivery Ottcer
of Group strategy.
Non-Executive Panny Juco Senior Incenencert
Directors Non-Bxecutne
Owrector
Responsible for proviairg
Indeperdert challenge to, il May Independent
anal oversight of the Non-Executive
performance af, the Drector
Executive Diractors.
Maeve Bye Indeperdert
Non-Executwe
Director



===== page 73 =====
Annuai Report & Accounts 2024 71

Board independence

The Board considers an independent Nen-Executive Director to
be free from any relationship that might materially interfere with
the exercise of incependent judgement.

‘The Non-Executive Directors are considered to be independent
and therefore the Board is compliant with the QCA Code on the
topic of Director independence. All Directors are encouraged and
expected to use their indepencient judgement and to challenge all
matters, whether strategic or operational.

Appointments to the Board and re-election

‘The Board has delegated to the Nomination Committee the task of
reviewing Board composition, searching for aporopriate candidates
and making recommendations to the Board on candidates to be
appointed to the Board. Decisions regarding the appointment and
removal of Directors are reserved for the full Board. Further details
are sot out in the Nomination Committee report on pp 76-77.

Under the Company's Articles of Association, tha Diractors
have the power to appoint new Directors during the year, but

ary person appointed by the Board since the last Annual General
Meeting is obliged to retire and offer themselves for e-election.
Furthermore, in accordance with recommended best practice,

all Directors intend to offer themselves for re-election at the 2024
AGM (if held). The Board considers that each of the Directors
offering thamselvas for re-election makes a vaiuable contribution
to the Board and demonstrates camimib ent lo the Group,

Diversity

The Board vaiues diversity in its broadest sense and is committed
to creating an inclusive culture, free from discrimination of any kind.
When assessing new Director appoimments, the Nomination
Committee considers the benefits of diversity for Setter decision
making and diversity of thought, in addition to iooking at how to
maintain within the Board the appropriate balance of skills,
independence and knowledge of the Company, its services and
the industry as a whole. Recognising the benefits that diversity
can boring to all areas of the Group and noting the recommendations
in the reports of the Hampton-Alexander review and the FTSE
Women Leaders review", women currently represent 50% of
Alpha's Board, including the role of Senior Independent Director.

The Group has a comprehensive Diversity & Inclusion programme,
which was first established in 2075 and which has evolved
steadily year on year. Diversity & Inclusion initiatives are run
voluntarily by members of tne global Consulting tearn, supported
by the Group Responsible Business function, and overseen by
the ESG Committee. Alpha is committed to a positive policy of
promoting equality of opportunity and diversity, providing an
inclusive environment, and eliminating any unfair or unlawful
discrimination, which apples to all offices, all business areas
and all levels from graduate to the Chief Executive Officer.

In order to consicer the effectiveness and priorities of the Divarsity
& inclusion programme, the ESG Committee receives regular
updates on the programme, The Group has a Social Responsibility
Lead who, working alongside senior business leads, helps ensure
that Aloha's governance, recruitment and internal processes are
managed and evolving appropriately to deliver a sufficiently
diverse group of candidates, hires and employees.

The Board is committad to supporting tangible actions that will
support civersity across the entire Group, and in April 2024 the
Group publicly communicated its first Groug-wide divarsity
ambition. This is for 25% cf the global director team to be
women or nonbinary in five years’ time.

[Dy Read more about the Diversity & Inclusion programme and policy
within our Sustainability Report

Board statistics

Gender
@ae-3
Female -3

Role

@ o8PeNcient Non-Exscutive
Chairman - 1

Independent Non-Executive
Directors - 3

Executive Directors ~ 2

Length of tenure

@ 0-4 years — 2

@ 1-3 years

WBS years 1
8-10 years -3
10+ years -0

25 Relers th the Hampton-Alexander ‘view and FTSE Women Leaders review (UK) into inersasing the number of women on boards and in senior lsadership positions. The finat report of the
Hampten alexander view was published in Februsry 2021, ihe taleat report of Ihe FTSE Women Leaders review vas publistad in February 2024

alphatme.com

°o
g
3
8
Py
3
3
3
a
FA
3
8



===== page 74 =====
72 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate Governance

How the Board operates

‘The Board is responsible for the Group's strategy
and overall management. The operation cf the

The Board has an agenda of reguiar business, financial and operational matters
for discussion, as well as a review of each of the Board committees’ areas of work.
The key activities of the Board meetings during the year included the following:

Board is documented in a formal schedule of
matters reserved for its approval, which sets out
the Board's responsibilities,

Strategic

The Board is required to meet at least six times a
year, During the financial year, nine Board meetings
took place. Five of these meetings were held in
person and four of these were held via video
conference facility. A number of ad hac calls

and Board committee meetings were also held

to discuss topical or time sensitive matters, to
approve financial results announcements and

Discussed the strategy anc reviewed the progress of
strategic priorities.

Discussed the Group's capital structure and
financial strategy.

Considered and approved the acquisition of Shoreline,

Reviewed and discussed the Group's accuisition
strategy and potential acquisition targets.

Received presentations from members af the senior
management team, covering key regions and business areas.

trading updates, or to implement decisions taken
by the Board as a whole under delegated authorities,
The Board alse held dedicated strategy sessians
with input from senior management in April and
September 2028, in line with the schedule of
annual Board activity.

Performance

The Directors seek to attend all meetings of the
Board and the committees on which they sit and
ensure that they allocate sufficient time to the

Approved the financial reporting, including interim and
full-year results

Reviewed the dividend policy and approved a final
dividend of 10.80p per share in relation to the year
ended 24 March 2023.

Considered and dectared an interim dividend ot 3.700
per share for FY 24,

Group as is needed to enable them to carry out Governance
their responsibilities as Directors. and risk

The time commitment required of all Non-Executive
Directors is currently three days per month, which
is set out in their letters of appointment. During
the year, the Board reviewed the time commitment
of the Non-Executive Directors and is satistied
that each of the Directors dedicates sufficient time
to the Group's business,

The Board and committee schedules are planned
in advance of the financial year ahead. in order to
faclitete attendance and ensure that the approcriate
discussion time is available. The number of meetings
of the Board held during FY 24, and the attendance
by each Board member are provided belaw:

Under the supervision of the Audit and Risk Comrnittee,
reviewed and updated financial and non-financial policies,
including the risk policy and the whistleblowing policy,
and reviewed and agreed updates to the Group's risk
policy and risk management framework, including the
principal risks.

Under the supervision of the ESG Committee,
reviewed and approved the ESG roadmap.

Discussed and monitored the regulatory and
compliance landscape and reviewed corporate
governance requirements and processes, including
reviewing the 2023 QCA Corporate Governance Code.

Under the supervision of the Remuneration Commitiee,
reviewed the existing Remuneration Policy and agreed
updates to this, to take effect from 1 April 2024

Appointed the Group's first in-house Company Secretary.

Continued an open dialogue with the investor community.

Reviewed the progress of key clint relationships and
engagements across the Group.

Reviewed the actions taken by senior management to
reviaw and supoert employee retention and wellbeing

Eligible to
Board member attend Attendance

Ken Fry (Chairman) 9 9 Stakeholders
Lue Baqué a a

Maeve Byrne 9 9

Penny Judd 9 9

Jill May 9 8

John Paton 9

9 The Charman. aided by the Company Secretary, is responsible for ensuring that
the Directors receive accurate and timely information for the Board meeting
Board packs are circulated at least four business days prior to the meeting

The Company Secretary provides minutes of each meeting and every Director 6
aware of the right to have any concerns documented. in addition, the Company
Secretary ensures that any feecoack or suggestions for improvement of the
Board papers are documented and evaluated for amendment or enhancement
with respect to future meetings of the Board

alphafme.com


===== page 75 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 73

Committees of the Board

The Beard has in place Audit and Risk, Remuneration,
Nomination and ESG Committees, each with delegated
responsibilties and duties set out formally within terms of
reference. The terms of reference for the individual committees
are reviewed regularly and approved by the Board.

From time to time. separate ad hoc committees may be set up by
the Board to consider and address specific issues cr objectives,
when the need arises.

Audit and Risk Committee

Responsible for monitoring the integrity of the Company's
financial statements anc overseeing the effectiveness of the
Company's systems of risk management and internal control
The Audit and Risk Committee report can be found on

pp 80-83,

Nomination Committee

Responsible for the structure, size. composition, effectiveness
and succession planning of the Board. Further information can
be found on pp 76-77.

Remuneration Committee

Responsible for setting fixed and variable Executive Director
remuneration and monitoring senior management remuneration
fevels. Further information can be found on pp 84-94.

ESG Committee

Responsible for the development and implementation af the
Group's ESG strategy. The ESG Committee report is included
on pp 78-79. Further information about the Group's ESG
oriorities, efforts and orogress can be found in the sustainable
business section on pp 40-47.

The structure and operation of the Boarc’s committees were
considered by the Board as part of the FY 24 Board evaluation
The Board concluded that the compesition of each committee
remained appropriate, and that each committee wes operating
effectively. This year saw the first full year of operation for the
ESG Committee and the publication of the Group’s first BSG
Committee repur! and its first Sustainability Report. Further
information about the key areas of activity and focus of this
Committee can be found on pp 78-79.

External advisers

The Board members may seek the advice of the Group's legal
advisers, corporate brokers, external auciitor and the Nominated
Adviser ("NOMAD") on matters within the Board or the committees’
terms of reference, or to obtain recommendations on specific
corporate or governance events. During the year the Board also
appointed Grant Thorton to conduct internal aucit services

(see p. 81 for details) and the Remuneration Committee appointed
haglentern to provide advice on remuneration matters (see p. 93
for details).

Investec is the Group’s NOMAD, as well as its joint broker
alongside Berenberg. The Directors have direct access to
the advice and services of an in-house Company Secretary.

°
gs
3
g
es
a
a
2
g
3
&
3
3
8

Development, information and support

The Company Secretary ensures that all Directors are kept
abreast of changes in relevant legislation and regulations, with
the assistance of the Group's other advisers where appropriate,
Executive Directors are subject to @ oerformance review and
development process through which their performance against
predetermined objectives is reviewed and their personal and
professional development needs are considered. Non-Executive
Directors are encouraged to raise any personal development or
training needs with the Chairman or Company Secretary. During
the year, training undertaken by the Board included refresher
training from the Company's NOMAD on the chligations on
AIM-quoted companies, anc training on pertinent ESG matters,
including diversity and inclusion

Board effectiveness

The objectives of the Board are to review, formulate and approve
the Group's strategy, to review, discuss and agree budgets and
key corporate activities, and to oversee the Group’s progress
towards its goals. The Group has a structured process for evaluating
the performance and effectiveness of the Boarc, its committees
and the Directors individually in respect of these objectives, |n
addition, the Chairman assesses the Board as a whole reqularly
to ensure that it is functioning efficiently and productively

A formal Board evaluation process was undertaken during March
2024 and April 2024 in respect of FY 24, with oversight from the
Nomination Committee. A variety of approaches were considered
for the FY 24 evaluation, including enhancing the existing internally-lec
process and the engagement of an externa! Board evaluator.
Following careful consideration. the decision was taken to
introduce an online beard evaluation platform, “BoardClic’, to
enhance the process. Details of the FY 24 Board evaluation,
including the areas covered by the review and the key findings,
are detailed in the Nomination Committee report on p. 77.

alphafme.com


===== page 76 =====
74 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate Govercance

Board structure
Alpha Board.

Agrees Group strategy
Oversees progress towards strategic goals
‘Shareholuer and stakeholder engagement
Chairman of the Board
Leadershie of the Board

Reviews performane of the Board Drrectors

nsures appropriate and
eflective corporate governance

Key

@ excuse

Q Audit and Risk Commies
@ E56 Gommites

{ Nomnaton Commitee
 Pormuneration Commitioe

Group Coordination Group Executive Audit and Risk Environment,
Committee Committee Committee Social and
Managementof -Montors and addresses —_—Eneures affective Governance

business operations strategic direction of the ‘systems of internal Committee
Group's business control anc isk
coorcraten srrolareiek verses cevtoprato
commercial actwities Execution of strategy and oe econo eaels
proposes any changes to Oversees the Group's 90"2P8 assoriates fargo

Maintains Group
governance structure

the strategy

financial roporting

Rewews implementation

Nomination
Committee
Reviews Boar
composition anc
balance of skills
Leads the process for
Goard appointments

Ersures aperopriate

Remuneration
Committee
Agrees remureration
policies for the Executive
Directors anc members:
of senior management

Ensures operation of
transparent, single

orttrs coordination, Apooiisanc oversses MMU ONTEHECT ——ccassonDaning ——_iqgonta sah
cross-seling ano Weelationship with ne
ettective decision-making — externa! auditor and Ensures appropriate Considers alignment of
across tne Group eversees thesrernal_ ESO ploies within eward wih iong-trm
business mace! auc process Algha'g governance ane sherehocer value
bysiness modet
Chief Executive Global Head, Global Head, Global Head,
Officer Lionpoint Aiviq Insurance
Consulting

Chief Financiat
Officer

Conflicts of interest

The Company has effective procedures 1n place to identify,
monitor and rnanage any conflicts of interest. At each meeting of
the Board or its committees, the Directors are required to declare
any interests in the matters to be discussed and are regularly
rertinded of their duty to notify any actual or gotentiat conticts of
interest, The Gompany's Articles provide for the Board to authorise
any actual or potential conflicts of interest if deemed appropriate
to do so.

alphatme.com

Group Managing
Director

Global Head,
Asset 5 Wealth
Management
Consulting

Internat controls and risk management

The Board has overall accountability for the systems of internal
control and risk management. The Audit and Risk Committe
reviews and assures the effectiveness of the Group’s internal
controls and risk management on the Board's behalf

As part of that duty, the Board determines the Group's risk
management appetite and policies. In this respect, the objective
of the Board is to set policies that seek to reduce ongoing risk as
far as possible, without unduly affecting the Group's compet'tveness
and fiexitilty. The Board believes that this approach serves the
interests of creating sustainable shareholder value while also
protecting the Group's corporate culture and other

stakeholder interests,


===== page 77 =====
Annuai Report & Accounts 2024

75

Engagement calendar FY 24

April 2023 June 2023,
Pre-cloge Full-yeor results
investor virtual roadshow,
meetings UK and Europe

September 2023

Private client oroker
and shareholder
meetings, UK

++

April 2023

Pre-close
trading update

+

September 2023

Annual General
Meeting

The operational functions of the Group are carried out within a
practical and effective risk management framework. The Group
Coordination Committee has executive responsibility for identifying
and managing risk effectively across the business. Any material
operational decisions made by the Group Coordination Committee
in this respect are reviewed by the Boarc.

The identified materia! operational, industry and market, financial,
environmental and social, and commercial and legal risks facing
the Group are also reported tn the Raard. A summary of the
principal risks and uncertainties, ag weil as rnitigating actions,

are provided in the Principal Risks section of the Strategic Report.
The Board formally reviews, agrees and documents the principal
risks to the business at least annualiy.

Alpha has a full-time Group Head of Risk & Responsible Business
who oversees Alpha’s risk framework and processes. During the
year, the Audit and Risk Committee reviewed the Group's risk
policy along with the risk framework and internal controls, and
Sudjecl 10 Certain updates, it was agreed that they were aporooriate
for the operating context and business model. The Group's risk
management processes and any opportunities to introduce
further enhancements are reqularly reviewed and changes are
implemented as appropriate

Shareholder communications

The Board places great emphasis on maintaining an effective
dialogue with shareholders, which it considers to be integral to
long-term growth and success. It is committed to communicating
consistently and openly with shareholders.

The principal methods of communication are the Annual Report
and Accounts, the interim and full-year results announcements,
the AGM and the Group’s investor website, alonafme.convinvestors.
The website is updated regularly with information regarding the
Group's governance, activities anc performance, including both
statutory and non-statutory regulatory news announcements,
which are issued throughout the year to update on financial,
operational and other matters.

The Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer meet with
the representatives of the Group's institutional investors as well
as investment analysts to ensure that the Group's corporate
objectives, strategies and operational developments are clear
and understood.

October 2023 March 2024
Pre-close. ‘Trading update
investor g
meetings 3
3
+ a
> + FI
4
October 2023 Nevember 2023 March-April 2024 é
Pre-ciese: Interim resutts investor conference 3
trading update virtual roadshow, catls, UK and Europe 3
UK and Europe g

In-person and virtual investor roadshows are held following the
announcement of the final and interim results, attended by the
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and there are
also ad hoc investor meetings that are part of the building of
relationships with existing and future shareholders. Details of
investor relations activity and 2 review of the shareholder register
are shared with the Board on a regular basis during the year.

Understanding what analysts and investors think about the Group
is al equally important component of these interactions. The Board
as a whole is kept informed of their feedback and views by the
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. This includes
information provided by the Group's joint corporate brokers, Berenberg
and Investec, following investor meetings. The Chairman and
Non-Execulive Directors are also available to meet with shareholders,
if required, to discuss any items of importance.

The Board will also engage cirectly with major shareholders on
certain strategic matters where this is accepted good practice.
For example, during April 2024 a consultation with major shareholders
was undertaken in relation to the Group’s FY 25 executive
remuneration arrangements and updates to the Remuneration
Policy. Further details can be found on p. 86

Annual General Meeting

On 20 June 2024, the Board announced a recommended cash
offer to acquire Alpha by Actium Bidco (UK) Limited, a newly
incorporated indirect subsidiary of certain funds managed by
Bridgepoint Advisers Limited. Further datails can be found on
p. 64 and on the Company's website. If this Offer is completed,
it is expected that the Group will be re-registered as a private
company, in which case il may no longer be necessary for the
Company to hold a 2024 AGM, depending on the timing of that
re-registration. A further update will be provided to shareholders
in due course.

By order of the Board,
Ken Fry

Chairman
29 Sure 2021

alphafme.com


===== page 78 =====
76 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate Governance

Nomination Committee report

Membership
Ken Fry (Chair)
Jill May

Maeve Byrne
Penny Juda

Key actions from FY 24
— Enhanced the existing Board evaluation process.

— Engured a smoot transition and induction tor the
Chief Executive Officer.

— Reviewed succession plans for the Board and
senior management.

Priorities for FY 25

— Progress actions identified from the FY 24 Board
evaluation process.

~ Consider any training and development needs for
Board members.

— Further review succession plans tor the Board and senior
management to ensure that these remain up to date.

— Undertake succession planning for the Chair, who will
have served on the Board for nine years in 2025.

The Nomination Committee leads the
process for Board appointments and
makes recommendations about Board
composition and succession planning.

‘On behalf of the Board, i am pleased to present the Nomination
Committee's report for the year ended 31 March 2024

Committee composition and governance
The Committee is composed wholly of independent Non-Executive
Directors. Itis chaired by the Chairnan of the Board, Ken Fry,
and its other members are Penny Juda, Jill May and Maeve
Byrne. All members served throughout the year.

The Nomination Committee meets as and when necessary, but
at least twice a year. The Nomination Committee met formally
twice during FY 24 and all members of the Committee attended
both meetings.

in the event that the matter uncer ciscussion relates to the Chawman’s
re-appointment or succession, the Committee is chaired by an
independent Non-Executive Director. The Group's Company
Secretary attends each meeting. and the Chiet Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer are invited to \oin meetings as appropriate.

Key responsibilities
The Committee's main duties are set out in its terms of reference,
which are reviewed annually and are available on the Compery’s

investor website (aiphafme com/nvestors/board-commitrees)

alphafme.com

Ken Fry
Chair of the
Nomination
Committee,

The ourpose of the Committee is to keep under review the
structure, size and composition of the Board, as well as
succession planning for the Directors. It leads the process
for identifying and nominating, for approval by the Board,
candidates to fill Board and committee vacancies.

The Committee follows a robust process for recommending
appointments and re- appointments to the Board, ts primary
responsibilities in this area include:

— Regularly reviewing the structure, size and composition of
the Board to ensure that it has an appropriate balance of
skilis, independence, knowledge, experience and diversity;

Considering succession planning for the Board Directors and
senior executives, taking into account the challengas and
opportunites facing the Company and wider Group, along
with skils and expertise that may be required in the future;

Identifying and nominating for aporoval by the Board
candidates to fill Board vacancies as and when they arse;

— Ensuring that the necessary due diligence and conflicts of
interest checks have been undertaken before an appointment
is made;

Monitoring whether satisfactory induction 1s provided to new
Directors to develop their knowledge of the Group, and their
Board and committee responsibilites; and

— Reviewing the results of the Board evaluation process and
ensuring that the conclusions are captured and actioned
where necessary.

Activities during the year
Chief Executive Officer appointment and transition

On 1 Apri 2023, follewing the completion of 2 handover process
from Euan Fraser, Luc Baqué was appointed as Chvef Executive
Officer. Between this date and 9 January 2024, Euan Fraser
undertook a part-time role as Strategic Adviser to the Board,
During this time, Euan was inwted to attend Board and certain
committee meetings in an advisory capacity. This arrangement
enabled the Board to continue to benefit from Buan's extensive
knowledge of the Group's history and client base during this,
transitional period, The Board 's grateful Jor Evan's contrinution
during the year.


===== page 79 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 77

Board induction and training

During the year, Luc Baqué completed a thorough induction
programme, which included receiving coaching from the outgoing
Chief Executive Officer, time spent with the Non-Executive Directors,
on a one-to-one basis, and training in investor relations. In April
2028, a Board training session was delivered by the Company's
NOMAD, Investec, which covered the responsibilities of directors
of AIM-quoted companies, including relevant legal and regulatory
obligations. This formed part of Luc Baque’s induction pragramime
and served as a refresher for ali Board members. Subsequent to
the year end, the whole Board has also undertaken ‘raining on
relevant ESG-related matters, including diversity and inclusion.

Succession planning

Akey role of the Committee is to ensure that the Group has
appropriate succession planning in place, and this is reviewed by
the Committee each year. During the year, the Committee reviewed
and approved contingericy and succession plans for each member
of the Board, Succession plans for the Executive Directors are
considered over three timescales: i) immediately in the event of an
unexpected event such as illness; i three years’ time; and ii) five
years’ time. The Committee's succession considerations during
FY 24 included a refresh of succession plans for Luc Baqué
following his aopointment to the Board on 1 Apri! 2023.

By 2028, | will have served on the Board as Chair for nine years
and, as such, | wili no longer be considered independent under
generally accepted UK corporate governance standards
Therefore, the Committee is actively considering succession
planning for my role

Renewal of appointment letter

The Committee has considered the renewal of Penny Judd’s
appointment, which is due to expire at the 2024 AGM. The Committee
recommended to the Board that Penny's appointment be renewed
for a further three-year term from the conclusion of the 2024 AGM
(if held), subject to annual re-election by shareholders.

Board evaluation

As part of the Board's commitment to maintaining a strong corporate
governance framework, the Committee revisws the approach to,
and results of, the Boaro's performance evaluation pracess.

During the year, the Nomination Committee sought to enhance
the current internal Board perforrnance evaluation process. This
was done in order te increase the thoroughness anc objectivity
of the process, in line with the recommendations outlined in the
2023 QCA Code on board performance evaluation.

After caretul consideration, the decision was made to use a
thorough online board evaluation platform, “BoardClic’, to undertake
the review. The evaluation process covered key areas, including:
purpose and strategy; Board agenda and meetings; talent and
culture; Board composition and dynamics; effectiveness of the
Chair; information, reporting and risk management; and
eifectiveness of the Board committees.

A detailed report, which inciuded qualitative responses and
benchmarking against other resgondent companies, was.
subsequently provided to the Nomination Committee. Faliowing
a detailed discussion, it was agreed that the Chair, the Board,
its committees and its governance framework continued to operate
effectively. No significant areas of concern were identified from

the review process. A number of actions were, however, agreed in
response to the findings:

- Further improvements to be made to certain regular Board reports
to ensure they are easily digestible and focus on key matters;

~. Board anc committee agenda considerations, including the
adition of reguiar uodates on the market and competitor
dynamics by the Chief Executive Officer and the Company's
brokers, and the potential use of virtual meetings for certain
committee meetings; and

~ Additional succession planning considerations, including those
relating to the Non-Executive Directors.

The Nomination Committee intends to retain the internal
methodology for future Board evaluations, but will also consider
the periodic use of an external evaluator to supplement this
process, as recommended by the 2023 QCA Code

°
8
z
8
3
cs
2
2
3
Fl
Fy
3
3
8

Diversity

In executing its cuties, the Nomination Committee objectively
considers candidates on ment and with due regard for the benefits
of diversity, including gender and ethnic diversity, on the Board

Alpha is an equal opportunities employer and the Group's policy is
to ensure that all employees, or those seeking employment, are
treated fairly. This policy applies at Board level and across the Group,
All decisions relating to recruitment, selection and promotion are
made objectively regardless of race, ethnicity, nationality, gender/
gender identity, sexual orientation, religious belief, political opinion,
age, disability and educational or socioeconomic background

The Board exceeds the gender diversity target set by the
Hampton-Alexander review and the FTSE Women Leaders Review
2022, with women representing 50% of the Board. The Group is also
committed 10 increasing the gender diversity of its senior management
over time and has publicly communicated a target in relation to
this, Details of this target ang how the Group intends to achieve
this can be found on p. 44. The Group will also continue to
monitor emerging regulations or guidelines in relation to other
aspects of the Board's diversity.

Whie there are no current plans to appoint any additional Board
memibers, when considering any future appointments to the Board,
the Nomination Committee will consider the diversity of the Board
a a whole, including socio-economic backgrounds, nationality,
educational attainment, gender, ethnicity and age. and the need
to avoid any risk of “group-think".

The ESG Committee's remit includes oversight of the Group's
Diversity & Inclusion strategy, policies and initiatives. Further
information about Aipha’s Diversity & Inclusion programme, including
Alpha's Disability Confident accreditation, is provided in both the
Looking After Our People and the Sustainable Business sections
of the Annual Report and in the Group's Sustainability Report.

Ken Fry

Chair of the Nomination Committee
2h Jure aCe

alphatme.com


===== page 80 =====
78 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate Governance

ESG Committee report |

Membership
Jill May {Chair)
Ken Fry

Maeve Byrne
Penny Jude

Key actions from FY 24
— Agreed the ESG Roadmap and priorities for FY 24,

— Reviewed and approved the Group’s first
Sustainability Report.

— Approved the Group's first TCFD report.
— Introduced ES training at Board level

Priorities for FY 25
— Refine the path to net Zero and targets to achieve this.

— Monitor progress against diversity ambitions.

~~ Monitoring and ensuring compliance with ail relevant
regulations, inciuding TCFO, and assessing alignment with
‘est practice for a company af Alpha’s size and sector.

The ESG Committee is responsible
for overseeing the development and
implementation of the Group's ESG
strategy and reviewing the Group's
performance against this strategy.

On behalf of the Board, | am delighted to present the Group's
first ESG Committee report for the year ended 31 March 2024.
The ESG Committee was established in 2023 and held its first
meeting in Apri) 2023.

During the last 12 months, the Group undertook a materiality
assessment to inform and shape its FSG roadmap. A number

of key milestones on the roadmap have already been achieved,
including agreeing the Group's first public gender diversity target
and the publication of our fitst TCFD report {ses pp 48-51}.

Committee composition and governance

The ESG Committee is composed whally of independent
Non-Executive Directors. | chair the Committee, and its
other members are Ken Fry, Penny Judd and Maeve Byrne.

The ESG Committee meets as and when necessary. but at least
twice @ year. The Committee met three times during FY 24, with
all Committee members attending each meeting. The Group's
Company Secretary attends every meeting of the Committee.

‘The Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Executive Officer attend
meetings at the request of the Committee Chair. Both Executive
Directors attended each meeting held in FY 24, The Group's Head
of Risk and the Group's Managing Director are alsa invited 10
attend these meetings

alphafme.com

vill May
Chair of the
ESG Committee

Key responsibilities

The Committee's purpose is to oversge the development of the
Grouo’s ESG strategy and review the Group's performance
against ibis strategy.

The key responsibilities of the Committee include the following:

— Oversee the development and implementation of the Group's
ESG strategy, including priorities, objectives and strategic goals:

identify and use relevant KPls and targets to monitor the
progress of the Group in its ESG strategy;

— Oversee the establishment of, and review regularly, relevant
ESG-related policies end codes of practice to ensure they
remain effective, compliant with reguiatory requirements,
Including applicable principles of corporate governance and
consistent with industry practice;

Consider ESG risks in connection with the Group's operations;

— Review current and emerging ESG trends to identify how these
are likely to impact the strategy, operations and reputation of
the Group and ensure the Group's ESG strategy and policies
remain appropriate and well positioned; and

~ Review the quality and integrity of external reporting of FSG
matters and performance, including the Sustainability Report
and relevant sections of the Annual Report.


===== page 81 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 79

Activities during the year

Key activities undertaken by the ESG Committee during the year
included the following

- Agreed the ESG priorities for the Group, following a rigorous
materiality assessment process;

— Reviewed and approved the Group's ESG strategy and roadmap;

— Reviewed and approved the Group's inaugural
Sustainability Report;

- Approved the Group’s first diversity target: that 25% of the
senior director level employees will be women or nonbinary
in five years’ time;

— Reviewed the results of the Group's first publicly disclosed UK
Gender Pay Gap report;

— Reviewed and approved the Group's first TCFD report:

— Considered appropriate ESG-related objectives for the
purposes of variable remuneration policy:

— Introduced online ESG training for all Board members; and

— Considered appropriate action to support the Group's path
to net zero and adherence to the UN Global Compact.

Priorities for the year ahead

During FY 28, the ESG Committee will continue to provide
independent Board-ievel oversight of the development anc
delivery of the Group’s strategic ESG framework and ambitions
There are also some priorities that the Committee will devote
specific attention to, as follows:

Carbon reduction strategy:

Much groundwork has already been undertaken in relation to
the Group's commitment to achieve net zero by 2050. In FY 25,
the Group will agree the baseline from which to measure carbon
emissions and publish its net Zero ambition and roadmap to
achieve carbon neutrality ~ considering new Scope 3 emissions
categories and further enhancing data collection and analysis.
The Committee looks forward to sharing this next phase of its
carbon reduction strategy.

TCFD reporting:

The Committee will consider the recommendations of the Group
Responsible Business team in relation to the Group’s FY 25 TCFD
report and ensure that future iterations of this report remain in line
with best practice for a company of Alpha’s size and sector.

Progress against diversity targets and ambitions:

The Responsibie Business team will regularly update the
Committee on the Group's progress against its agreed upon
diversity ambitions globally. In particular, the Committee will
ctosely review progress against the Group's publicly stated
gender diversity target, as described above. the Group is
committed to providing transparent reporting on its progress
and any need for additional actions.

Oo
8
2
8
3
&
io
F
8
3
Fy
g
3
8

Improvements to policies and transparency:

The Committee will provide oversight and support in relation
to the further enhancement of the Group's ESG policies and
disclosures in the coming months, including how key information
is made available to stakeholders, including employees, clients
and investors.

As Chair of the ESG Committee, | am very much looking forward
to working with the wider Aloha business to drive forwerd the
Group's ESG priorities and commitments in FY 25 and to be able
to share future updates on this progress with our various stakeholders.

Jill May
Chair of the ESG Committee

2G June 2024

alphatme.com


===== page 82 =====
80 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate Governance

Audit and Risk Committee report

Membership

Maeve Byrne (Chair)
Ken Fry

Penny Judd

Jit May

Key actions from FY 24

— Reviewed, updated and signed off the Group's risk policy
and risk management framework

— Reviewed and updated the Group’s whistieviowing policy
— Engaged an internal audit fm and agreed to ther initial scope.

Priorities for FY 25

— Oversee the new internal audit process.

— Plan for the FY 25 audit, including the rotation of the
extemal audit partner

— Ensure that risk management arrangements are updated
in response to any new or emerging risks or changes to
the Group's principal risks

The Audit and Risk Committee
provides independent oversight of
the Group’s financial statements and
performance reporting, and of the
Group's systems of internal financial
control and risk management.

On behalf of the Board, | am pleased to present the Audit and
Risk Committee report for the year ended 31 March 2024.

Committee composition and governance

The Audit and Risk Committee is composed wholly of independent
Non-Executive Directors. | chair the Committee and its other
members are Ken Fry, Penny Judd and Jill May. Information on
the Committee members’ skills and experience is provided in the
Board of Directors section on pp 66-67,

The Audit and Risk Committee meets as and when necessary,
but at least three times a year. The Committee met three times
during FY 24, with all members attending every mesting

The Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Executive Officer attend
meetings at the request of the Committee Chair to facilitate discussion
of the financial statements and systems of financial control and

risk management. Both Directors joined each meeting held in FY 24.

alphafme.com

Maeve Byrne
Chair of the
Audit and Risk
Committee

The Group’s Company Secretary attends every Committee
meeting, as do the lead audit partner and team members from
the Group’s external auditor, KPMG LLP, Members of the Group's
Risk team and senior management are also invited 10 attencs
Committee meetings as appropriate

At least once a year, the Committee meets with the auditor
without the presence of any Executive Director to discuss
independently the auditor's remit and any other issues arising
from the audit; they met in this manner once during the year

Key responsibilities

The purpose of the Audit and Risk Committee is to oversee the
Group's intemal financial controls and risk management systems.
to recommend the interim and full-year financiat results to the
Board, and to monitor the integrity of all formal reports and
announcernents relating to the Company's financial performance.
In addition, the Committee is responsible for appointing the
external auditor of the Group, maintaining that relationship and
reporting the findlings and recommendations of the external
auditor to the Board

The Committge's main duties are set out in its terms of reference,
which are reviewed annually and available on the Company's
investor website (elpnaime.corvinvestors/board-committees}

The Committee's key responsibilities include the following

Monitoring the integrity of the Group's financial statements,
including the full-year and interim reports. other significant
announcements relating to financial performance. and

reviewing any significant reporting issues and judgements:

— Advising on the clarity of disclosure and information contained
in the financial reports;

— Reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of the systems
of internal control and the risk management framework;


===== page 83 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 at

Reviewing the Group's arrangements and procedures relating
to compliance, whistleblowing and fraud;

— Overseeing the relationshis with the external auditor, reviewing
performance and advising the Board members on the auditor's
appointment and remuneration;

— Reviewing and discussing the findings of the audit with the
external auditor; and

— Oversight of the internal audit process.

Activities during the year
Review of financial statements:

Dunng FY 24, the Committee reviewed and approved the Group's
FY 28 Annual Report & Accounts and FY 24 interim results
including consideration of the significant accounting issues
reiting to the financial statements and the going concern review.

Financial controls and risk management:

In its responsibility to assure the Group's financial control and risk
management environment, the Committes continued its focus on
risk and financial controls, monitoring progress against the plan to
implement refinements to systems and processes, to imorove the
financial control environment turther and to enhance tear operations.
Status reports were reviewed and discussed at the Committee's,
meetings in Novernber 2023 and February 2024

On behalf of the Raard, the Cammittes owersees and assures

the Group's risk processes and risk reporting across all business
units. Alongside the external audit process. there is an ongoing
focus on identifying, assessing, and managing the risks the Group
faces across a broad range of relevant topics, including industry,
operational, financial, social and environmental risks. As part of
the annual risk review agenda, a focused risk session tock piace
at the Committee's meeting in February 2024, and the Group
Managing Director and the Global Head of Risk were invited to
attend the meeting. The Committee reviewed and discussed
updates to the risk policy, the risk management framework and
the risk report, which includes key risks identified across the Group.

The principal risks to the Group arid [he identified mitigating
actions are set out in the Principal Risks and Uncertainties section
of the Strategic Report on pp 57-60.

Scope and delivery of external audit:

The Committee reviewed the year-end audit plan and considered
ithe scope of the audit and the external auditor's fees. It has also

considered the tenure of the external auditor and the rotation of
the aucit partner at the end of FY 24 (see p. 82 for further details),

Whistleblowing policy:
Duning the year, the Committee reviewed the Group's whistleblowing
policy and processes. The Committee was comfortable that the
existing arrangements were satisfactory, but recommended certain
enhancements to reflect current best practice, and these were
implemented as part of the annual policy review process. The
updates included expanded guidance for employees on what
whistleblowing is and the engagement of a specialist third party
to provide an independent whistleblowing reporting helpline.
Subsequent to the year end, the Group has also implemented a
new training module for all employees covering the whistieolowing
process. Further details of this policy can be found below.

Internal audit:

The Committee considered the need for an internal aucit function
during the year. While there is no current requirement for the
Group to establish a separate internal audit function, the Committee,
and the Board as a whole, conciuded thet the Grouo is now of a
size and complexity that would beneft from intoducing a proportionate
internal audit process. Following consideration of a number of
potential solutions and third-party providers during the year, the
Committee agresd to appoint Grant Thornton in this capacity to
suppiement the Group's existing internal control arrangements
and external audit process.

°
g
3
g
FS
s
2
2
g
3
2
3
a
&

The initial ghase of the internal aucit programme consisted of a
review of the Group's risk management practices and processes
to provide assurance of the risk management framework in
identifying, assessing, and managing risks. This programme is
currently in the early stages of implementation and the findings of
this initial review are being used to inform subsequent areas of focus.

Terms of reference:

The Committee also reviewed and updated its terms of reference,
which were approved by the Board

alphatme.com


===== page 84 =====
82 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate Governance

External auditor appointment and tenure

The Committee oversees the relationship with the external auditor
and monitors al. services provided and fees payable to ensure
that potential confiicts of interest are considered and that an
objective and professional relationship is maintained. In particular,
the Committee reviews and monitors the independence and
objectivity of the external auditor and the effectiveness of the
audit process,

KPMG LLP was first appointed as the Group's external auditor in
2015. The current lead partner was appointed following completion
of the FY 19 audit and, in line with KPMG's policy on lead partner
rotation, wil complete his five-year term at the end of FY 24. The
proposed new audit partner has met with senior members of the
Group's Finance team and will 0¢ introduced to the Committee
during the first halt of FY 25.

While there ig no obligation for an All-quoted company to tender
external audit services periodically, in line with generally accepted
good practice, the Committee has considered the length of tenure
of KPMG as external auditor, in the context of the forthcoming
partner rotation, The Committee has determined that the appointment
of anew partner in FY 25 will further actd to the objectivity and
independence of the audit process and that a tender would
therefore, not be undertaken at this paint in time. However, given
the duration of KPMG’s tenure, this matter wil be kept under
review by the Committee on a regular basis.

KPMG LLP did not provide any non-audit services during the
year, Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements analyses
the remuneration to the external auditor for audit services during
the year.

The Committee seeks feedback from the Chief Financial Officer
and senior members of the Finance team on the effectiveness af
the external auditor and the audit process. The Committee continues
10 be satisfied with the scope of the external auditor's work and

Area of focus

the effectiveness of the external audit process, and is satisfied
that KPMG remains independent in the discharge of its audit
responsibilties. The Committee is, therefore, pleased to recommend
to the Board that a resolution to re-appoint KPMG LLP as the
Company's auditor be propased at the forthcoming AGM {if held).

Audit process

The external auditor prepares an audit plan for its review of the
full-year financial statements, and the audit plan is reviewed and
agreed in advance by the Committee. Before the aporoval of the
financial statements, the extemal auditor presents its findings to
the Committee, highiighting areas of significant financial judgement
or estimation for discussion. The Committee also reviews the
external auditor's management letter and detailed presentations
are made to the Commitee by the aucitor at least twice a year.
There is an active discussion between the Committee and the
auditor on any recommendations to improve the efficiency of
the audit process,

Significant accounting matters

In the year, the Audit and Risk Commitee considered key
accounting issues and significant judgements and estimates in
relation to the Group's FY 24 financial statements, These matters
were discussed and reviewed with the Finance team and the
external auditor. The Audit and Risk Committee challenged
judgements and sought clarification where necessary.

The Committee received a report from the external auditor on the
work it had performed to arrive at its conclusions and discussed
any material findings contained within that report. The information
in the table below should be considered together with KPMG’s
independent auditor's report on pp 99-105 and the accounting
policies disclosed in the notes to the financial statements as.
referenced in the table.

How it was addressed

Revenue recognition

Revenue is the most significant caption in the statement of
‘comprehensive income and, by its nature, revenue recognition is.
a key accounting policy. Whilst the majority of Group revenue is
contracted on a time and materials basis, the Group also has
some fixed-priced milestone contracts. The recognition of
revenue on such contracts in progress at the year end involves
consideration of the detailed contractual terms against the
requirements of IFRS 15 and an assessment of whether
performance obligations under the contract have been met

at the balance sheet date.

Detailed revenue year-end cut-aff procedures have been
performed internally, including a detailed review of relevant
sontractual client terms.

‘The Committee has discussed the design and application of the
revenue cut-off procedures performed, and considered and
agreed the appropriateness of the disclosures in respect of
revenue recognition in the financial staternents.

alphafme.com


===== page 85 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 83

Area of focus

Aiternative performance measures

How it was addressed

To assist in understanding the underlying performance of the
Group anc to aid comparability between accounting periods,
some alternative performance measures ("APMs”) are presented,
which differ from measures presented in accordance with
Internationat Financial Reporting Standards (“iFAS'). These
APMs exclude certain adjusting items. Judgement is required to
identify those adjusting items deemed to warrant exciusion from
the calculation of the Group's adjusted measures due te either
their nature or size.

Share-based payments

Estimation ig required to caiculate the share-based payment
expense unger IFRS 2 and the associated sacial security costs.
These estimates include assessing the fair value of share options
at the date of grant, the probability that share aptions will vest in
the fulure and the future share price at the vesting date.

The Committee has considered the appropriateness of each of
the adjusting items, ensuring that sufficient explanations are
provided and that each APM is reconciled to the nearest

IFRS measure.

The Committee has reviewed the balance of APMs and IFRS
measures presented in the Annual Report and Accounts and
considered whather APMs have been appropriately balanced
with IFRS measures.

o
8
3

Hy

Ey
a

$
5

3

FA

3

8

External professionel experts assisted in calculating the fair
value of share options at each grant date.

The probability that share options will vest is assessed at each
reporting date by considering forecast staff attrition, time until
vesting and achievement of performance conditions. These key
assumptions have been discussed with the Committes.

Share dealing, anti-bribery and whistleblowing

The Group has adopted a share dealing code in conformity with
the requirements of Rule 21 of the AIM Rules. Al employees,
including new joiners, must agree to comply with the cade

The Group has in place a whistleblowing policy, the purpose
of which is to encourage employees to report any suspected
wrongdoing as soon as possible; to provide employees with
guidance as to how io raise those coricerns; and to reassure
employees that they can raise genuine concems without fear
of reprisals, even if they turn out to be mistaken. The Group
has appointed whistleblowing officers, and the Non-Executive
Chairman is provided as a point of escalation. An independent
whistlebiowing hotline is aiso in place to provide an alternative
means of escalation for any employees wishing to raise
concerns via a third party. In the event of a whistleblowing
event, the Board will also be informed and kept up to date

on all developments as appropriate.

The Group also has an anti-corruption and bribery policy, which
sets out the Group's responsibilities in observing and upholding
its position on bribery and corruption, It provides information
and guidance on how to recognise and deal with bribery and
corruption issues.

These policies are provided to every employee of the Group,
principally through the Employee Hancoook and alse within @
Group Corporate Compliance Manual, which is available on the
website. The Aucit anc Risk Committee reviews these policies on
@ regular basis to ensure that they remain fit for purpose.

The Group operates an open and inclusive culture and employees
are encouraged to speak up if they have any concerns. Such
policies aim to ensure that all employees observe ethical
behaviours and bring matters that cause [hem concern to the
attention of either the Executive or Non-Executive Directors.

Maeve Byrne
Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee

20 June 2024

alphatme.com


===== page 86 =====
84 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate Governance

Remuneration Committee report

Membership
Penny Judd (Chair)
Maeve Byrne

Ken Fry

Jil May

Key actions from FY 24
— Determined FY 24 remuneration outcomes for Executive
Directors and senior management.

— Monitored performance against FY 24 variable reward
perfarmance conditions.

— Undertook a full review of the Executive Director and
senior management remuneration

— Shaped a new Remuneration Policy and FY 25
remuneration arrangements.

— Undertook & shareholder consultation on the new
Remuneration Policy
Priorities for FY 25

— Oversee the application of the new Remuneration Policy
from 1 April 2024

~ Introduce an advisory shareholder vote on remuneration
at the 2025 AGM if held) in respect of the FY 24
Remuneration Report.

— Determine FY 25 remuneration outcomes.

— Shape FY 26 remuneration packages, to support the
strategic priorities of the Group and reduce share dilution
levels over time.

The Remuneration Committee makes
recommendations on matters relating
to performance, remuneration and
terms of service for the Board and
senior management of the Group.

As the Chair of the Remuneration Committee, and on behalf of
the Board, | am pleased to present the Remuneration Committee
report for the year ended 31 March 2024,

‘Over the past 12 months the Rernuneration Committee has
undertaken @ comprehensive review of the Group's remuneration
arrangements for the Executive Directors and its senior management
team. This culmmated in the implementation of a new Remuneration
Policy that will take effect from 1 April 2024, which 1s for the
Executive Directors and the senior leadership team, more closely
aligned to current market standards for large AIM-quoted companies.

alphafme.com

Penny Judd
Chair of the
Remuneration
Committee

Therefore, my Committee Report, the Policy section and the
Annual Report on Remuneration not only detail executive
remuneration outcomes for FY 24, but also describes our

new Remuneration Policy and remuneration strategy for FY 25,
and the shareholder consultation process that we undertook
prior to their implementation.

| am alsa pleased to confirm that in this year’s Rernuneration
Committee report we have further enhanced our disclosures
to provide additional detail and transparency on the Group's
remuneration arrangements, both in relation to FY 24 and FY 25,
in line with evolving best practice for a Group of Alpha’s size.

As a further important enhancement to the Group's remuneration

governance framework, we intend to introduce an advisory shareholder
vate on Executive Director remuneration at cur 2025 AGM {if held)
relating to remuneration arrangements for the year commencing

1 April 2024, in accordance with the new recommendations of the
2023 QCA Corporate Governance Code ("2023 QCA Code"),

As noted elsewhere in this report, on 20 June 2024, the Board
announced an Offer to acquire Aipha, If this Otter is compieted,
certain matters referred to in this Remuneration Committee report
as occurring during FY 25 and beyond witl not occur as they are
matters which would only be relevant to the Graup as a quoted
public company. Therefore, the resolutions described in this
Remuneration Committee report proposed to be put to
shareholders at the 2024 and 2025 AGMs, may not occur.

Committee composition and governance

The Committee is composed whaily of dependent Non-Exenutrve
Directors. My fellow Committee members are Ken Fry, wll May
and Maeve Byrne. All members served throughout the year.

The Committee meets as and when necessary, Dut at ieast twice
a year. The Committee met five times curing FY 24. Each of these
meetings were attended by all members of the Committee.

The Group’s Company Secretary attends each meeting and the
Chief Executive Officer and Chiet Financial Officer are invited to
attend meetings as appropriate. The Commuttee has unrestricted
access to the Company Secretary throughout the year and has
received advice from a specialist remuneration adviser 2s set out
on p. 93


===== page 87 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 85

Key responsibilities

The main duties of the Committee are set out in its terms of
reference, which are reviewed annually and are available on
Alpha's investor website (alphafme.com/investors/poard-committees).

The Committee formulates and recommends to the Board the
remuneration policies for the Executive Directors and senior
management af the Group, having regard to pay and employment
conditions across the Group. The objectives of these policies are to

Attract, retain and motivate employees of the quality required
to run the Group successtully;

— Promote the long-term success of the Group; and

— Ensure that the performance-related elements of remuneration
form a significant yet appropriate proportion of the total
remuneration package end are transparent, stretching and
rigorously applied.

The Committee determines the total remuneration package of
the Executive Directors and the Group's senior management.
‘The Board as whole sets the remuneration for the Non-Executive
Directors, including the Chair

The Committee reviews and approves the structure of all
performance-related pay schemes (both annual and longer-term
schemes} for the Executive Directors and the Group's senior
leadership team, including setting the associated targets and
performance conditions. It monitors performance against those
conditions and approves the vesting and payment outcomes,

Akey priority of the Committee is to transition towards
arrangements that shift the balance of remuneration towards cash
annual variable pay. Currently, this tyoe of pay makes up a small
portion of overall remuneration. The aim is to reduce the reliance
on share incentives, to bring share dilution from employee share
awards more into line with conventional UK-guoted company
dilution limit quicelines.

Note 22 to the financial statements sets out further detalls of the
Group's share-based payment schemes of the Group.

Company performance in FY 24

FY 24 was a challenging year for the Group with a more competitive
market environment, resulting in lower profits than were initially
anticipated. In determining FY 24 remuneration outcomes for the
Executive Directors, the Remuneration Committee has taken into,
consideration the overall performance of the Group for FY 24
and shareholder returns, Overall levels of remuneration for the
Executive Directors for FY 24 were therefore significantly lower
than FY 23, with no annual cash bonus payments having been
awarded and no vesting of FY 24 eauity awards.

For other employees within the Group, the Committee decided
to enable partial vestings, in recognition that some of the FY 24
performance conditions have been met, and to incentivise and
retain a high quality team to deliver the Group's stated growth
plans for FY 25 and beyond.

Activities of the Committee during FY 24

— Reviewed the Remuneration Committee regort in the FY 23
Annual Report and Accounts.

Recommended to the Board the purchase of shares by the
Gompany’s employee benefit trust to satisly future exercises
of equity incentive awards.

— Approved FY 23 profit share outcomes for Executive Directors
and senior management

- Appraved the grant of share incentive awards in July 2023
and the associated performance criteria for Executive
Directors and senior management of the Group for FY 24,

Approved the vesting of equity incentive awards granted to
Executive Directors and senior management in prior periods,
having assessed the associated performance conditions

— Approved updates to the rules of the Group's share
incentive schemes.

— Undertook an annuat review and approval of the terms of
reference for the Remuneration Committee.

Reviewed the new principles on remuneration in the 2023 QCA
Code and considering now these would be applied by the Group.

- Appointed an external specialist remuneration consuftant,
A2glentern Remuneration Advisory, to undertake a ful review
of existing variable remuneration arrangements, and to assist
in shaping a draft new Remuneration Policy for FY 25, more
closely aligned to market standards and typical dilution levels

— Undertook @ consultation with shareholders in relation to the
new Remuneration Palicy and FY 25 remuneration arrangements
for Executive Directors and senior management.

alphafme.com

°
g
z
g
2
g
2
2
3
3
FA
3
&



===== page 88 =====
86 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate Governance

Activities of the Committee during FY 24
continued

In adition, there were a number of activities undertaken between
31 March 2024 and the date of this report, including:

— Determined FY 24 remuneration outcomes for the Executive
Directors and senior management in view of FY 24 business
performance, including share incentive award vestings and
bonus awards;

~ Set FY 25 salary levels and variabie remuneration for the Executive
Directors and senior management, including the agsociated
{financial and non-financial performance conditions; and

— Completed the consultation with major shareholders in
relation to the FY 25 Remuneration Policy and arrangements.

Remuneration Policy for FY 24

The key elements of remuneration of the Executive Directors
and senior management of the Group in respect of FY 24
were unchanged from those set out on pp 73-77 of the FY 23
Remuneration Committee report within the Annual Report and
Accounts 2023, This comprised base salary, country specific
pension and benefits, an annual bonus opportunity and share
incentive awards. FY 24 remuneration cutcomes for the
Executive Directors are set out on pp 91-93 of this report.

New Remuneration Policy for FY 25 and
shareholder consultation process

Ouring FY 24, the Remuneration Committee, with guidance trom
an external remuneration consultant, hgienfern Remuneration
Advisory, and with suport from the Company Secretary, conducted
a review of the Group's existing Remuneration Policy. and shaped
a new Remuneration Policy to take effect from 1 April 2024 for the
Executive Directors and senior management of the Group.

The objectives of the updates to the Remuneration Policy for
FY 28 are:

— To ensure Executive Director remuneration is aligned to strong
Group performance, the delivery of the Group's strategie
objectives and to sharehoider interests; and

— Te bring Executive Director remuneration arrangements more
closely into line with UK best practice guidelines, reflecting the
Group's size. profile and status as a large AIM company.

4 key element of these changes is to support the future rebalancing
of variable remuneration tawards cash and away fram share
Incentives, to bring share ailution trom employee share awards
more into line with conventional UK-quoted company dilution limit
Quidelines over a transition period

Importantly, there is no intention io increase the overall remuneration
‘opportunity at on-target levels of performance for the Executive
Directors in FY 25, nut instead to restructure remuneration
arrangements in jing with best practice and sharpen the alignment
of remuneration to Group performance. The Remuneration Committee
will ensure that performance conditions are appropriately stretching
to ensure higher levels of remuneration are earned only tor excellent
performance. New features of the FY 25 arrangements include

alphafme.com

— Abonus deferral mechanism, in conjunction with an increased
maximum cash bonus opportunity:

— The introduction of an additional two-year post-vesting holding
period for long-term equity incentives;

— The introduction of 25% threshold vesting levels for both the
bonus and long-term equity incentives;

- A shareholding guideline for Executive Directors; and

~The introduction of market standard malus and
clawback arrangements.

At our 2024 AGM (If hela), resolutions to approve amenaments
to our existing equity incentive plans and to approve a bonus
deferral plan will be put to shareholders for approval.

Shareholder consultation process

The Committee undertook a formal consultation with the Group's
major institutional sharettalders covering 56% of the share register
ag at 31 March 2024, to seek their views on this proposed new
Remuneration Policy. Of the 12 institutional investors that were
contacted, we received 11 responses, the large majority af which
expressed support, The Committee answered questions and
addressed points from investors, including attending a meeting
requested by one shareholder.

I would fixe to thank those investors that took the time and effort
to engage with us during this process. While some differing
preferences among investors is inevitable, we beleve that the
resulting new Remuneration Policy is aligned to the views of the
large majority of our major investors and generally accepted good
practice for large AIM-auoted companies.

Introduction of shareholder vote on remuneration

Ag mentioned abave, in accardance with the recommendations of
the 2023 QCA Code, we intend to introduce an advisory shareholder
vote on our Executive Director remuneration arrangements at the
2026 AGM iif held), We recognise that active engagement on
remuneration-reiated matters is becoming increasingly important
to ur investors, and we positively support this.

Looking ahead

We look forward to overseaing the operation of the Group's
new Remuneration Policy throughout FY 25 and to providing
shareholders with the opportunity to vote on these remuneration
arrangements for the first time at our 2025 AGM iif hel).

The Committee 1s conscious that the maximum annual bonus
‘opportunity for the Executive Dractors in FY 25, as detalled
below, remains significantly below comparative levels of
competitor companies. Subject to performance and strategic
delivery. the Committee will review this parameter towards the
end of FY 25 and consider increasing the meximum annual bonus
‘opportunity for the CEO and CFO to 150% of salary and 125% of
salary, respectively, for FY 26, This will continue ta be coupled
with threshold targets correspanding to @ pay aut at 25% of
maximum and stretch targets in ime with market standards, to
ensure that there is no significant increase in remuneration for
eguivaient on-target performance. in FY 25, the weightings of
performance conditions attached to share incentive awards will
be 75:25 between EPS and relative TSR targets. The Committee
will keep these weightings under review and may consider moving
this to a 50:50 balance between EPS and relative TSR targets
from FY 26.


===== page 89 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024

87

Remuneration Policy effective from 1 April 2024

The new Remuneration Policy is detailed in the table below, which describes how each component of remuneration is linkad to the
Group's strategy and is operated in practice:

Executive Directors’ Remuneration Policy Table (effective from } April 2024)

opportunity

oo
Basic salary = Topayacompetitive Base salary is reviewed annually and N/A None, although overall 3
basic salary to attract, takes account of the responsibllities, performance of the individual g
fetain and motivate experience and performance of the and the Company will be z
the talent required to individual and competitive pressures. taken into consitieration by 2
operate and develop It is reviewed each year with any the Committee when setting 4
the business and to —s changes effective from 1 April and reviewing salary levels. 3
develop and deliver 5
the Group's strategy. 8
Pension Part of a. competitive All Executive Directors are eligiole to. N/A NA
Executive Director participate in the Group's Personat
remuneration Pension Scheme on the same terms
package, to provide as other employees in tne sarne
an opportunity to employment countries.
bulld up income
for retirement.
Benefits To provide market- Benefits include country-specific N/A NA
competitive benefits. contributions, which may include
private medical expenses cover, life
insurance cover, maternity/paternity
pay and other ancillary benefits,
Annualeash = The purpose of the ~The Committes assesses actual Maximum Performance measures
bonus scheme annual cash bonus —_ performance compared to the opportunity under —_and targets are set by the
scheme is to performance targats following the this policyis up to.» Committee on an annual
incentivise and completion of the financial year and 150% of salary for _basis io reflect the Group's
reward short term determines the bonus payadleto = CEO and 126% of _stratagic priorities.

performance, and to
align the interests of
the Executive
Directors, the Group
and shareholders in
the short- and
medium-term

each individual

Up to 25% of the maximum
payable in respect of a financial
measure will be paid for threshold
performance. Up to 50% of the
Mmaxinum payable in respect of a
financial measure will be paid for
on-target porfarmance, inereasing
to 100% for stretch performance.

Bonus payments are sudject to
malus and clawback provisions
(see p. 88 for further details).

25% of bonus payments wil be
deferred for a period of two years
and payable in shares. The deferrat
will be waived if the amount to be
deferred is less than £25,000

salary for CFO.

For FY 25, the
maximum bonus
opportunities will be
90% of salary for the
CEO and 60% of
salary for the CFO.
See p. 94 for
further details.

For FY 25, 70% of the
opportunity will be based on
key financial measures anc
80% of the opportunity will
he based on non-financial
measures, some of which wil
include ESG-ralated objectives

Vesting in respect of any
non-financial measure will
be between 0% and 100%
based on the Committee's
assessment of the extent to
which the relevant measure
is achieved.

Vesting in respect of any
non-financial measure will
ordinarily be subject to the
satisfaction of a financial
performance underpin.

alphafme.com


===== page 90 =====
88 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate Governance

Remuneration Policy effective from 1 April 2024 continued

Compan to strategy

Maximum opportunity

Long-term Toincentivise and Awards willbe granted subject {9 Maximum of 180% of The Committee may vary
equity reward long-term demanding performance conditions salary for CEO and the type and weighting of
incentive performance and ——_Gavering a minum pared of 125% of salary for performance conditions
awards value creation, and three years. CFO in usual chosen for each annual
to align the interest reumstances. q
20 ign Me inereS'S a maximum of 25% of the awards S"oumStance round of awards
Drectone the Grong Vestatthteshold vel of performance, In exceptional Performance metrics wit
Dreclors, the Cro“ ith vesting typically increasing on a circumstances (such be Dased on at least two
Fear ty Staightine bass tofu vesting for as on the fecrutment financial measures key to
een ee ane mestingor exceoding astetonng  ofanew Executive be EPS growth and raative
level of outperformance, Director) awards in TSR performance against
espect of an i .
Awards are subject to an additional focal year ny be a benchmark),
Toamagocwnieore Saraswat
10 300%
at the end of the three-year vesting UP "© S00% of salary
period, but shares may only be sold
during the holding period to cover
tax labilties arising trom the exercise
Awards are subject to malus and
clawback provisions (see below for
further details)
Shareholding Encourages Executive The Chief Executive Oificer is NA WA
guidelines Directors to build a_—_expected t0 maintain a shareholding

meaningful
shareholding ta
further align interests
with shareholders.

equivalent to 200% of base salary
throughout employment

Other Executive Directors are also
expected to bulld up and maintain
a shareholding of 200% of salary
over the five-year period frorn
their appointment,

The shareholding guideline includes
beneficially owned shares and vested
share options on an attertax basis

Notes to the Remuneration Policy
Malus and clawback conditions

Long-term equity incentives: Malus may bs applied before the
assessment of performance conditions in relation to an equity
incentive award. Clawback may be applied to an equity incentive

Malus and clawoack may be applied to bonus and equity
incentive awards in certain specific circumstances including
a material misstatement of the accounts, a material error in
assessing pertormance conditions, gross misconduct on the
part of the participant, fraud, material dishonesty, wrongdoing
or breach of contract that is a potentially justifiable reason for
dismissal, breach of fiduciary duties, and misconduct leacing
to significant losses or a material failure of risk management.

Annual bonus: Malus may be applied before a bonus is paid.

Clawback may be applied to a cash ocnus or deferred bonus
payment after it has been paid for @ period of up to twa years
after payment.

alphatme.com

award for up to two years folowing the assessment of performance
conditions at the vesting date (inclusive of any nolding period).

Updates to share plan scheme rules and new Deferred
Bonus Scheme

The majority of changes to the long-term equity incentive
arrangements for FY 25 can be accommodated under the
Group's existing share plan rules. However. updates to the
scheme rules to allow for the new malus and clawback
provisions, together with some other minor administrative
updates, will oe made and tabled for shareholder approval at
the 2024 AGM (if held). Itis also necessary to introduce a new
Deferred Bonus Plan to accommodate the share deferral element
of the Executive Director bonus scheme. The rules of this new
scheme will also be put ta shareholders for approval at the 2024
AGM [if held}


===== page 91 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 89

Overriding Remuneration Committee discretion

in respect of the annual bonus and long-term equity incentive
awards, the Remuneration Committee has discretion to vary the
pay-out or vesting level from formulaic outcomes should any such
outcome not reflect the Commitiee’s assessment of overall

business performance or if it considers the formulaic output
inappropriate in the context of the overall shareholder returns or
an exceptional negative event

Leavers — other than

Bonus (other than deferred bonus awards)

Leaver and change in control provisions
The table below sets out the remuneration arrangements for
Executive Directors in specific circumstances, including teaving
the business or a change of control of the Group (with effect from
1 April 2024).

nitive awards

Treatment

Cessation during the performance and/or

good leavers Participation will apse on the date of cessation vesting periods:
Deferred as: Awards wili normally lapse on the cate of cessation if
eferred ponus awards: this is before the vesting date.
Deferred bonus awards will normally lapse in full,
Cessation during the halding period
The holding period will normally continue to apply.
Good leaver: Bonus (other than deferred bonus awards}: Cessation during the performance period:

Retirement,
ill-health, disability,
death, redundancy,
or other reasons at
the Committee’s
discretion

‘The Remuneration Committee will typically assess
performance against targets at the end of the period,
apply time-based pro-rating and make payment in line
with the workings of the plan and subject to the
normal deferral terms. The Remuneration Committee
may, however, apply discretion to determine the most
appropriate outcome and make earlier payment and
pay entiroly in cash

Deferred bonus awards:

Deferred bonus awards will ordinarily continue and
become payable on the ordinary payment/vesting
date, althaugh the Committee retains ciscretion to
release any such award on the date of termination,
before the ordinary payment/vesting date in

appropriate circumstances (e.g. ceath or ill-health).

Awards granted in FY 25 onwards will normally
remain in place and vesting levels will be assessed

at their normal assessment date. The vesting level
will be based on achievement cf performance targets
and subject to time pro-rating (reduction) based on
the partion of the performance period which has
elagsed al the point of departure with vested awards
subject to the normal holding period. The Remuneration
Committee may, however, apply discretion to determine
the most appropriate outcome, including waiving the
holding period

Cessation during the holding period:

The holding period wil normally continue te apply unless
the Remuneration Committee determines otherwise

Change in control

Bonus (other than ceferred bonus awards):

The Remuneration Committee will exercise its
discretion to determine the level of bonus paid taking
into account performance up to the point of the
change in contol and normally pro-rating pay-out
levels to reflect the portion of the year which has.
elapsed. No deferral witl be applied.

Deferred bonus awards:
Outstanding deferred bonus awards will vest in full

During the performance period.

Outstanding awards granted in FY 25 onwards will
vest on completion of lhe change in control subject
to the Remuneration Committee’s assessment of
performance up to that point and subject to time
pro-rating (reduction), unless the Remuneration
Committee determines otherwise. No holding period
will apply to vested awards.

During the holding period

The holding period wil terminate and vested awards
will be released in full at the point of change in contre),

afphafme.com

9°
Ey
3
g
=
5
2
3
2
g
a
&
3
a
8



===== page 92 =====
90 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate Governance

Notes to the Remuneration Policy continued
Directors’ service agreements

The Executive Direstors as at the date of this report entered into
service agreements with tne Company on the following dates:

Notice period by
Date of service ‘Company and
Director agreement Term by Director
Luc Baqué 29 March 2023 Indefinite 6 months
(effective from
1 Aprit 2023)
John Paton 28 February 2018 Indefinite 6 months

The Non-Executive Directors do not have service agreements.
However, the Non-Executive Directors’ letters of appointment
provide that their tenure of office is for periods of three years.
unless renewed for a further term ar until terminated by the
Non-Executive Director or the Company on giving te the other
thee months’ prior written notice, Each Non-Executive Director
is typically expected to serve for two three-year terms but may be
invited by the Board to serve for an additional period,

Regardless of these terms of appointment, each Director offers
themselves for annual re-election by sharenaiders at every AGM
of the Company, in line with best practice.

Notice
period by
Company
Date of current term Term and by

Director of appointment expires, Director
Ken Fry 6 September 2023. 2026 AGM” 3 months
Penny Judd 23 September 2021-2024 AGM" 3 months
Jill May 6 September 2023-2026 AGM = 3 months
Maeve Byrne 16 May 2022 2025AGM — Smonths

Policy on recruitment

When hiring a new Executive Director, the Committee will
consider the overall remuneration package by reference to the
Remuneration Policy set out in this report, Salary and annual
bonus levels will be set so as to be competitive with comparable
roles in companies in similar sectors, ang also taking inte account
the experience, seniarity ang the scope of responsibilty of the
appcintee coming into the raie.

The approach in respect of compensation for forfeited remuneration
from a previous employer will be considered on a case-by-case
basis taking into account all relevant factors, such as the form of
compensation forfeited, performance achieved or likely to be
achieved, and the proportion of the performance period remaining.
If any compensation for forfeited remuneration is paid, it may be
awarded outside the standard equity incentive awards and may
be made with non-standard performance conditions, or without
performance conditions and with @ shorter vesting period and
without a holding period to reflect the profile of forfeited awards.

Any such arrangements would be disclosed in the tokowing years

Annual Report

28 he

mplmian addnen ro terthar ABMs wale

27 veto Kar Pry term 2! appcictrnert axpiras at”
aarabc.asrs al ihe 22S AGN. rad,

28 The Bears Vas approved ire apperiment 3f

ior a “ther Wen 3897

alphafme.com

New Executive Directors will be able to participate in the annual
bonus scheme on a pro-rated basis for the portion of the financial
year for which they are in post. New Executive Directors may
receive benefits and pension contributions in line with the Company's
existing policy. Long-term equity incentive awards are made on an
ongoing basis in ine with our policy tor Executive Directars and
other senior management. in the year of recruitment, a higher
award may be made to the new recrut (within the limits of the
Remuneration Policy, being a maximum of 300% of salary). Where
existing employees are promoted to become Executive Directors,
their remuneration will be operated in line with the Company's
policy from the date of promotion with the terms of outstanding
remuneration, such as deferred bonus amounts and outstancing
long-term equity incentive awards, retaining the terms applied at
their point of award.

External appointments

Executive Directors may aécept one extemal non-executive
directorship with the prior agreement of the Board, provided it
does not confict with the Group's interests and the tme commitment
does not impact upon the Executive Director's ability to perform
their primary duty, The Executive Director may retain the fee from
the external directorship.

Remuneration Policy for Non-Executive Directors

The policy for Non-Executive Directors is set by the Board and
takes into consideration the need to attract the highest calibre
non-executive Board members, with broad and relevant commercial
experience. Reference is also made to fees in other companies
broadly similar in size with similar time commitments and complexity.

Each Non-Executive Director is paid a basic fee. Additiona! fees
are payable for acting as Senior Independent Director and as
Chair of the Audit and Risk, Remuneration, Nomination and ESG
Committees. The Non-Executive Direciors are not eligible to
participats in the Company's performance-related incentive plans
of pension arrangements. Non-Executive Directors may be eligible
to receive benefits such as ihe use of secretarial support, travel
costs and other benefits that may be considered appropriate.

Non-Executive Director fees are typically reviewed by the Board
every year with any adjustments ordinarily effective from 1 Apri
each year, Increases typically do not exceed those of the wider
workforce, however, in agpropriate circumstances, increases of
a higher amount may be made taking into account individual
circumstances such as an increase in scope or resconsibilty of
the individual's role, alignment to market levels, or a change in
the size or complexity of the business.

Remuneration of employces below Executive Director level

The principles behind the Remuneration Policy for Executive
Directors are cascaded down through the Group, as far as 1s
appropriate. They aim to attract and retain the best staff and to
focus their remuneration on the delivery of long-term sustainable
growth by using a mix of selary, bsnefits, bonus and longer-term
incentwes. As a result, no element of the Executive Director
Remuneration Poicy is operated exclusively for Executive Directors.

hy Acviur B dee “JK! Lo al 19 acauta Aloha “afariod's elsawnare.r ths “2097 is Co™ola1ad. * Seapected Inat Ine Nor-BxecLiva D raccors enlresgr shorty after 1s
Pole after companar ef the nia {as excactes, ine Company is re-regsslered as & private =
GM 9 ral maue served a3 Drecior for Mme years by 2025 and i therotore expected yhal he wil no seak re elect” by

nary ‘ciparrg completion

ogn We nae 2 che 2026 AGM yf bend


===== page 93 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 91

The Board believes that this structure provides a compelling
remuneration package that reinforces teamwork, aligns the
employees with the Group's objectives and helps to promote
a feeling of ownership amongst all employees.

All employees of the Group receive a fixed salary that is
competitive to the market and a profit share or cash bonus
scheme, alongside other benefits.

Certain senior employees also receive long-term equity incentwe
awards. Performance metrics for annual bonus schemes and
long-term equity incentives for employees below Board level
typically have a greater focus on regional and/or divisional targets
and personal objectives, with a lesser focus on overall Group
performance, to ensure that these are meaningful and relevant to
the individuals concerned, From FY 25, senior management

incentive arrangements relain an element of Group EPS and TSR
performance measured over three years.

Itis the intention that 2 gradual rebalancing of remuneration
towarcis annual cash variable pay and away from share incentives
over a five-year transition pericd will also be applied to this group.
to support a reduction in share dilution levels over time.

Share award ditution levels

In order to bring dilution from share awards more into line with the
UK market standard, alongside the changes to Executive Director
remuneration, the Group is implementing changes to the remuneration
of other senior executives and employees to rebalance variable
remuneration towards cash from share incentives. To ensure
smooth, fair and effective implernantation, the reduction in the
‘evel of share awards will be carried out over five years

Annual report on remuneration

FY 24 Executive Directors’ remuneration outcomes

The single figure table below summarises the remuneration of the Directors who served during the current year:

Gainson Gains on
Other Other vesting of vesting of
Salary Salary benefits benefits equity equity
and and {private [private incentive incentive
fees* fees Pension Pension healthcare) healthcare} Bonus Bonus — awards*” = awards == Total, «=Total
000 £1000» "000 £000 f'000 = 000 000 £'000 £000 e000 © f'000— «£000
Fy2aFY23 0 FY24  FY23 Fy2¢FY23 0 FY24 | FY.23 FY 24 Fy23  Fy24 FY23
Executive
Directors
Luc Baqué 523 N/A 42 N/A 1 - - N/A 644 NYA 1,210 NYA
John Paton 325 300 = _ 1 _ _ 30 510 366 836 696
Non-
Executive
Directors
Maeve Byme 69 56 - - - - - _ - _ 69 56
Ken Fry 101 93 - ~ - - - - - - 101 93
Penny Judd 69 63 _ - = _ > - - _ 69 63
Jill May 69 63 - - - - - = - = 69 63
Total 1156 «575. 42 - 2 - - 30 1,154 366 2,354 971

29 Or 19 September 2022. 2 ee of £5,000 per annum was introduced for each Non Execute Dirsolor for shar work chairng a Bard commitize: 5 fee has boar pro-ralew accordingly for

FY.28 For FY 2a this tee was rereased 10 £5,300 per annurn

20 Luc Baque was appomtac fo the Board on 1 Apn| 2023, His rerruneralicr as an employee (ar FY 25-5 rot inciulod in this tale on the basis thal he was rel a Director of the Company
Surng FY 23, Maeve Byrre was apnainied 6” 16 May 2022; res annual fee for FY 23 of 880,000 was pro-rateo accoroingly
31 No bonuses ware awarded to the Execullve Dveciors in relation 19 FY 26 For FY'23, the Committee approved the sward of Executive Director bonuses for FY 23 at the equivalert of 10%

of thew respecte base salaries,

22 164,185 RSUs grarled to Luc Baqué on 22 July 2000 vested and were reteased on 22 ure 2923, 126,882 JSOP awards granted to John Pator or 22 July 2020 vested or 22 July 2023

and romain unexercisod. Furthor dotails are set aut cn pp $2-93.

39 88,105 JSOP awards granted le John Paton on 19 JLIy 2018 vested or 12 July 2022, ani were subsequently exercised on 2a ALQUS! 2022 In the FY 23 Annual Repert, 2 gan of
£568,000 was reported in retation to John Paicn's axercise cf equity incentive awards on 24 August 2022, From FY 2 onwards, qewrs an vested [rather than exercised] equity Incentive
awards are being reported 1 the singia figure table. Therefore, to ansure consistency, this FY 23 figure has baon updated tc reflect the gain on ta vesting date of 19 July 2022.

alphatme.com

oO
g
3
8
g
3
8
2
s
3
FA
Ey
3
8



===== page 94 =====
92 Annuai Report & Accounts 2624

Corporate Governance

Annual report on remuneration continued

Salary, benefits and pension

For FY 24, Luc Baqué's salary was €600,000 (£523,000) and
John Paton’s salary was £325,000. During the year pension
contributions were received by Luc Baqué of €49,000 £42,000)
No pension contributions were received by John Paton during
the year.

Annual bonus

in FY 24, both of the Executive Directors were eligible to eam a
pertormance-related cash bonus of up to 10% of base salary,
with the opportunity for higher bonuses in the event of financial
outperformarice. Given that FY 24 profits were below targeted
levels, No bonuses were awarded to the Executive Directors in
respect of FY 24,

Share incentive plan

‘The Committee approved the grant of annual incentive awards to
the senior management team globally. inciuding the Executive
Directors, in July 2023, comprising UK jomt share ownership pian
awards ['JSOP"” shares} and MiP share options. Delails of the
awards granted to the Executive Directors are set out below.

The performance criteria for FY 24 share incentive awards to the
Executive Directors and senior management of the Group were
four-fold and depended on the individual and their role:

— The Group achieving adjusted EPS growth in FY 24 of 11.25%
oF more to trigger a maximurn award, or 7.5% 10 trigger a 66%
award, with a linear appiication of awards between these levels

- The Group achieving a TSR over three years in excess of the
mean TSR delivered by @ peer group of comparable companies.

— Personal adherence 10 corporate values and risk policy.

— Personal targets and goals, including business unit EBITDA
for members of senior management.

The performance conditions for share incentive awards to be
granted to tne Executive Directors and senior management in
FY 25 and beyond will be more closely aligned to market
standards for an AIM-quoted company of Aloha's size, as
explained on p. 88.

Vesting during FY 24
In June 2023, 154,185 ASU awards granted to Lue Baaué on

22 June 2020 (prior to his appointment to the Board) vested and
were released. The closing price at the award date was £1.85 and
the price on the vest date was £4.18.

In July 2023, 126,852 JSOP awards granted te John Paton on
22 July 2020 vested. The closing price at the award date was.
£1.85 and the hurdle rate was £2.11. The closing price on the

date of vest was £4.03, These awards remain unexercised by

Jonn Paton.

The performance conditions relating to these awards. including
EPS growth in FY 21, total shareholder return and financial and
behavioural targets, were met in ful.

Details of Executive Directors’ share awards held as at G1 March 2024
ate set out below:

Luc Baqueée
‘Options/RSUs Options/RSUs
asat Granted ‘Share price Share price Exercised/ Lapsed asat Vesting/
1 April during atgrant at vest/release released during during = 31 March release
Grant date 2023 the year 6} ) the year the year 2024 date
18/06/2019 154,185 = 228 418 (154,185) = = Vested on
22/08/2028
22/07/2020 253,304 -~ 185 _ - - 253,304 22/07/2024
06/07/2021 205,882 ~ 383 - - - 205,882 06/07/2024
01/07/2022 179,487 ~ 390 - - - 179,487 01/07/2028
04/07/2023" — 201,005 400 - - ~ 201,005 04/07/2026
Total 792,853 201,005 1154,185) ~ 839,678

28 Luc aque ras tom awards vesting Jk. 2026 re ating te ns
35 Based or he Commdian s assessrmert 2f he performance
whos vest

alphafme.com

secarsta pertormane pe
mace awards hed by ire E



===== page 95 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 93

John Paton
Options Share price Share price Options
as at Granted during atgrant at vest Exercised Lapsed during as at
Grant date 1 April 2023, the year to) (p) during the year the year_31 March 2024 Vesting date
22/07/2020 126,652 - 185 403. - = 126,652 Vested on.
22/07/2023, but
remain unexercised
06/07/2024 83,823 - 353 - - ~ 83,823 06/07/2024
01/07/2022 76,923 _ 390 = - - 76,923 01/07/2025
04/07/2023" ~ 87,939 400 ~ - - 87,939 04/07/2026
Total (287,398 87,939 - - 375,337

Payments to past Directors for loss of office

There were no payments tor toss of office during the year. Euan Fraser stepped down fram the role of Chief Executive Officer and
from the Board on 31 March 2023 and remained employed by the Group as a Strategic Adviser to the Board on a part-time basis
until 9 January 2024, The Remuneration Committee deemed him to be a good leaver and, as such, ne retained his outstanding share
awards, which vest at the end of their normai vesting periods and are subject to performance and other conditions

Non-Executive Directors’ fees

For FY 24, the Chairman of the Board received a tee of £95,400 and the base fee for the three other Non-Executive Directors was set
at £63,600 during the year, The Chair of each committee of the Board received an additional annual fse of £5,300.

Remuneration consultants

The Group engaged h2glénfern Remuneration Advisory as its Remuneration Consultant during the year, to conduct a formal review
of the Group’s Remuneration Policy for the Executive Directors and the senior management team, anc to support the formulation and
implementation of the Group's FY 25 Remuneration Policy. h2glentern is a member of the UK Remuneration Consultants Group and,
as such, voluntarily adheres to its Code of Conduct. The Committee considers the advice that it receives from h2glenfern to be
independent. There are no relationships between h2gleniern and either the Company or its individual Directors to be disclosed.

Directors’ share interests
The Directors’ interests in the share capital of the Company as at 31 March 2024 and the movements during the year are set out below:

Number of

ordinary
shares as at Numberof Percentage
31 March ‘ordinary of total voting
2023. ~ Disposed of Acquired shares as at rights as at
(or date of during the during the 31 March 31 March
appointment) year year 2024 2024
Luc Baqué 1,068,929 = 154.185 1,223,114 7.00%
John Paton 158,747 - ~ 158,741 0.13%
Maeve Byrne - - - - 0.00%
Ken Fry 184,090 _ = 184,090 0.15%
Penny Judd - - - - 0.00%
vill May 12,307 _ - 12,307 0.01%

There were ne changes ini the Directors’ interests in shares between 31 March 2024 and 20 June 2024.

alphatme.com

°o
8
3
H
&
&
3
8
3
z
3
8



===== page 96 =====
94 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate Governance

Annual report on remuneration continued
Remuneration arrangements for FY 25

The Remuneration Committee sees FY 25 as a transitional year

in terms of the Group's remuneration strategy, to which the principles
‘of new Remuneration Policy have been applied, together with
some transitional arrangements to avoid any significant variations
in on-target earnings for equivalent performance ftom FY 24 to
FY 26. Importantly, there is no intention to increase the overall
remuneration opportunity at on target levels of performance.
Stretching performance conditions will ensure that significant
out-performance against targets is raquired for maximum,

vesting to occur.

The Committee nas set FY 25 remuneration for the Executive
Directors as follows’

Base salaries

Taking into consideration the performance of the Group in FY 24
and the challenging market context, the Remuneration Committes
fas agreed that base salaries for the Executive Directors for FY 25
will remain unchanged from FY 24 levels. Lue Baqué's salary from
1 April 2024 is therefore €600,000 per annum, John Paton's
salary from 1 April 2024 is therefore €325,000 per annum,

Annual bonus,

The FY 25 bonus maximum opportunity for the Chief Executive
Officer, Luc Baqué, and for the Chef Financial Offiger, John Paton,
will be set at 90% of salary and 60% of salary, respectively.

70% of the overall opportunities will vest by reference to performance
against financial objectives (split 45% for EBITDA grawth and 28%
ior net fee income growth}, 30% of the opportunities will vest by

reference to personal performance against non-financial objectives.

For 25% of the bonus awards opportunities to vest, threshold
performance aligned to market consensus must be met
Significant outperformance beyond target levels is required for
100% of the opportunities to vest. Theretore, while the bonus
opportunities have been increased fram FY 24 to FY 28, more
stringent thresholds and stretch targets nave been applied than in
FY 24, Market standard malus and clawback conditions also apply.

25% of bonuses paid to the Executive Directors wil be subject to
@ two-year deferral into shares, subject to £25.060 minimum
share deferral.

alphatme.com

Long: term equity incentive awards

The FY 25 equity incentive opportunity for the Chief Executive
Officer, Luc Bequé, will be set at e maximum opportunity at 180%
of salary. The FY 25 equity incentive eppertunity for the Chief
Financial Officer, John Paton, will be set at a maximum opportunity
at 1259 of salary. These opportunities are set at similar levels to
FY 24, but are subject to more stringent vesting requirements
than in FY 24. Key features of the aquity incentive awards in FY 25
are as follows

— 78% of the opportunity will vest by reference to EPS growth
over three years. Threshold vesting of 26% of the awards will
occur at 8% compound annual growth rate ("CAG"), Full
vesting at 12% CAGR;

~ 25% of the opportunity will vest by reference to relative TSR
growth over three years. Threshold vesting at median and full
vesting at upper quartite performance;

~ Three-year vesting period, tolowed by a two-year holding
perio: and

~ Market standard malus and claw back conditions,

\tis mtended that the full vesting target level will Increase to 15%
CAGR for FY 26 awards, 12% OAGR has been applied for FY 25
to provide for a smooth transition to the new structure. The previous
three-year telative TSR target required performance in excess of
the mean of a peer group. As such, significantly higher levels of
overall performance are required under the new structure to
trigger higher levels of vesting.

Chairman and Non-Executive Director fees for FY 25

‘The Board approved an annual inoreass of 3.5% in Non-Executive
Director fees for FY 26, taking into account inflation rates and the
Group's annual pay review for UK employees. With effect fram

+ April 2024, the Chairman's base fee is £98,700 per annum and
the Non-Executive Directors’ base fees are £65,800 per annum
Each Non-Executive Director also chairs a Board committee and
receives an adaitional fee of £6,500 per annum

Penny Judd
Chair of the Remuneration Committee

te dure 202i


===== page 97 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 95

Directors’ report

The Directors present their Annual Report and the audited consolidated
financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ple (the “Company”,
the “Group”) for the year ended 31 March 2024.

Aloha Financial Markets Consulting pic is incorporated in England and Wales with registered number 09965297. The Company's
registered office is 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB, The Company is a public limited company and is listect on AIM of the
London Stock Exchange.

The Directors believe that the requisite components of this report are set out elsewhere in the Annual Report and/or on the Company's
website, alphaimic.corm/investors. The table sets out where the necessary disclosures can be found.

Business performance

Principat activities ‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting alc 1s the holding cornpany for a global group of companies, the principal activity of
which 1s the arowision of consulting and related services to clients in the asset management, wealth management a0
insurance industries.

Areview of the performance and future development af the Group's business is contained in the Chairman's, the Chiet
Executive Officer's and the Chief Financial Officer's reports on pp 9-11, pp 12—15 and pp 26-30 respectively.

‘The financial results for the yaar ended 31 March 2024 are set out in the Chiat Financial Officer's report on pp 26-30 and in
the consclidatea statement of comprehensive income on p. 108 ang further commented upon in the Chief Executive
Officer's report on pp 12-15.

‘The Directors consider the current state of affarrs of the Group to be satisfactory.

a | ‘An interim dividend of 3 709 ger share was paid m December 2023 (FY 23: 3.70p) in view of the recommended cash

offer to acquira Alpha by Actium Bidco (UK) Limited, a newly incorporated indirect subsidiary of certain funds managed
by Bridgepoint Advisers Limited, the Board is not recommending a final dividend. If the acquisition does not complete,
ils @xpectad that the Board would declare a final dividend in respect of FY 24 at a later date.

information regarding dividend payments can also be found in note 10 to the consolidated {nancial statements.

Strategic Report The Strategic Report can be found on pp 4-61.

Activities in research The Company did not engage in any matenal research and development activities m the year.
and development

Future developments On 20 June 2024, the Board announced ¢ recommended cash offer te acquire Alpha by Actium Bidco (UK} Limited, a rely
Incorporated indirect subsidiary of certain funcs managed by Bridgepoint Advisers Limited. Further detais of this offer can)
be found on p. 64 and on the Company's website.

Further details about the Company's future developments can be found in the strategy section on pp 22-23.

Post-baiance Details of post-balance sheet events are provided in note 27 to the consolidated financial statements. Adoitianally, the reports
sheet events of the Chief Exeoutive Officer and Chief Financial Officer provide updates nn irading atier the balance sheet cate.

Going concern The Directors have considered the going concern status of the Company and are satistied that the Company remains
a going concem, Details of the going concern basis are sot out in note 1 to the consolidatad financial statements,
Further commentary can be found in the Cnief Financial Officer's report on p. 30.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ple has a branch in France. Adatiicnally, 2s disclosed on p. 5, after the year-end,
‘Alpha launched a new branch in Abu Dhabi, which is to be overseen by and will initlally form part of the UK business,

Financial instruments The notes to the financial statemerts, incluging note 23 from p. 142, include further information on the Group's use of
financial instruments.

Directors

Dwectors that have served during the year and summaries of the current Directors’ key skills and experience are set out in
the Corporate Governance report on pp 66-67.

Directors’ indemnity As permitted by the Articles of Association, the Directors have the benefit of an indemnity, which is a qualifying third-party
provisions indemnity provision as delined by Saction 234 of the Companies Act 2006. The indemnity was in force threughout the
financial periog ans at the date of aporovat af the financial staterments.

Ree teers The Group purchases and maintains Directors’ and Oficers’ labilly insuranca for the benefit of its Directors, which was in
Uability Insurance place throughout the year and remains in place él the cate of this report

alphafme.com

°
g
3
g
=
s
2
g
2
g
Z
2
g



===== page 98 =====
96 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate Governance

Constitution

Articles of Association

Any amendments te the Company's Artiolas ef Association may be made by special resolution of the shareholaers. A copy
of the Ariicies of Association can be found on the Company's website: aiphalmc com/investors/ain-rule-26.

‘The Company has only ore class of orcinary share, which carries no right to fixed income, and each ordinary share is
enttied to one vote at generat meatings of the Company.

Stakeholders and policies

Section 172 Statement

‘The Company's section 172 statement andi key Board decisions can be found in the Strategic Report on pp 31-35.

Employee engagement

Details of how the Group engages with Alpha employees are set out in the section 172 staternent in the Strategic Report on
. 34 and further described in the looking after our people section on pp 36-38.

Employ:
disabilities

with

Stakeholder engagement
and key decisions

Alpha is a Disabiity Confident Employer Further cetaiis of Alsha’s commitment to being an inclusive anc cisaoilty-tiendy
‘organisation are set out under the looking after our people spetion on pp 35-29.

Details of the key decisions ang olscussions of the Board dunng the year and the main stakeholder inputs into those.
decisions are set out in the section 172 statement of the Strategic Report on pp 32-33,

Modern Slavery
‘Statement

The Company has approved and published ils Modem Slavary Statomant on its webste in accordance with the Modem
Slavery Act 2035.

Political donations

‘Tho Company made no political donations during he year to 31 March 2024

Streamlined Energy and
Carbon Reporting
(*SECR")

Task Force on
Climate-related
Financiat Disctosure
report (“TCFD report”)

Under the Companies (Drectors* Report) and Limited Liakilty Partnerships (Energy and Carbor Reporl) Regulations 2078,
we are mandated to disclose our UK energy Use and associated greenhouse gas (“GHG") emissions. Specitically, Alpra is
required to report those GHG emissions relating to natura gas, alecincity ana transcort fuel, as wel as an intensity ratio.
under the SECR Regulations. Further details can be found in the sustainable business section on pp 40-47.

“The Group has this year published its frst TCFD repart, which details now the Group identifies and moritors cimate-relatod
risks and opportunities. This can be found on pp 48~51.

Financial risk
management

Tho Groug has established interval cortrel and risk management structures for praparing the consolidated financial
statements, The key features of this ramework are described in the risk managenent section of the Strategie Report
on pp 52-56 and in note 23 to the consolidated financial statements.

Shareholders and share capital

Share capital

‘The Company's issued snare capital as at 31 March 2024 was “22,009,736 oreinary shares of 0.0759 each ("Ordinary
Shares"), none of which were held in easury and 7,537,366 of which were held in the Comaany's emoloyee benefit
trust (EBT),

During the year, the EAT purchased total of 1,036,154 Oramary Sharas nthe Company. The shares are hetd in the

EBT, a discretionary trust, and are intended to be used ta Satisfy the exercise of share options by employees, inckuding the
Executwe Directors of the Company. A totat of 7.597.266 Ordirary Shares were held by the EBT on 3* March 2024. Thase

Orasnary Shares noid vonng nights, alben tre EBT does not exercise nese votirg rights, Por recave divicerds sm respect of
those stares.

Deltaits of the issued share capital and mavaments in the Company's issved share capital during the year are shown im the
corsoligated statement of changes in eGuity and rate 2! to the consolaatea firancial statornents.

The Compary has only one class of Ordinary Share, which oarnes no right to fixed income. Each Ordinary Stare is entitiog
10 one vate at general meetings of the Company.

Authority to purchase
own shares.

alphatme.com

The Company was authorised by a sharsholders' resolLtor passec al the Annual Gereral Meeting held on & September 2023
to purchase up to 10% of ts issued share capital for cancelation or holeing r treasury. This authonty will exore at the 2024
AGM (hala). The Compary purchased ra shares during the year under Ins authority. During the year, the EBT purchasec a
Total of 1,035,154 Orarary Shares i the Compary


===== page 99 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 97

Shareholders and share capital continued

As at 20 June 2024, he Company had been notitied, in accordance with chapter five of the Disclosure and Transparency
Rules, of was otherwise aware, of the following significant interests in the issued oramnary share capital of the Company:

Percentage of
voting rights and

Name of person(s) subject issued share
of notification capital
Invesco 8.81
Gresham House Asset
Management Ltd 8.28
abrdn 6.29
Janus Henderson Investors 5.73
Rathbones Group ple 4.81
Kempen Oranje Participants NV. 4.64
Investec Wealth & Investment 4.60
‘Swedbank Robur 4.03
NFU Mutual 3.45
Details of the Company's 2024 AGM can be found on p 75 of this report
Auditor and audit
Disclosure of In the case of each of the persons who are Directors of the Company al the date when ths rennet was approved:
information to — So lar as each of the Directors 's aware, there 18 no information relevant fo the auait of which the Company's augitor
the auditor 's unaware; and

Each of the Directors have taken ail the steps that they ought to have taken a8 a Director to make themselves aware of
any information relevant to the audit and to establish that te Company's auditor is aware of that information,

Auditor ‘The auditor, KPMG LLP, has indicated its wilingness fo continue in office and a resolution seeking to re-appoint KPMG LLP
as the Group's auditor will be propasedi at the 2024 AGM {if held)

By order of the Board.

Jobn Paton
Chief Financial Officer

20 wune 2024

atphafme.com

oO
8
3
8
2
s
2
3
g
a
a
8
Fa
8



===== page 100 =====
98 Annuai Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate Governance

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities

The Directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report and the Group
and parent Company financial statements in accordance with applicable law

and reguiations.

Company law requires the Directors to prepare Group and parent
Company financial staternents for each financial year. Uneter the
AIM Rules of the London Stock Exchange, they are required to
prepare the Group financial statements in accordance with
U-adapted international accounting standards and applicable
law and they have elected to prepare the parent Company financial
statements on the same basis.

Under company law the Directors must not approve the financial
statements unless they are Satisfied that they give a true and fair
view of the state of affairs of the Group and parent Company and
of the Group's profit or loss for that period. In preparing each of
the Group and parent Company financial statements, the
Directors are required to:

— Select suitable accounting policies and then apply
them consistently;

— Make judgements and estimates that are reasonable, relevant,
and reliable and, in respect of the parent Company financial
statements only, prudent;

~ State whether they have been prepared in accarcance with
Ui-adopted international accounting standards;

— Assess the Group and parent Company's ability to continue as
a going concer, disclosing, as applicabis, matters related to
going concern; and

~ Use the going cancern basis of agcounting unless they either
intend to liquidate the Group or the parent Company or to
cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

ie
we.

Wt

}

=
s
e
§.
fi
| so
foe

The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting
records that are sufficient to show and explain the parent Company's
transactions and disclose with reasonable acouracy at any time
the financial position of the parent Company and enable them to
ensure that its financial statements comply with the Companies
Act 2006. They are responsible for such internal control as they
determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due
to fraud or error, and have general responsibilty for taking such
steps as are reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of
the Group and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities

Under applicable law and regulations, the Directors are also
responsible for preparing a Strategic Report and a Directors"
Report that complies with that law and those requiations.

The Directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity

of the corporate and financial information included on the
Company's website. Legisiation in the UK governing the preparation
and dissemination of financial statements may ciffer from legisiation
in offer jurisdictions.

By order of the Board

John Paton
Chief Financial Officer

20) Jure 2024


===== page 101 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 99

Independent auditor’s report

to the members of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc

1, Our opinion is unmoditied

We nave audited the financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets
Consulting ple ("the Company’) for the year ended 31 March 2024,
which comprise the consolidated statemnent of comprehensive
income, consolidated staternent of financial position, consolidated
statement of cash flows, consolidated statement of changes in
equity, compariy statement of financial position, company staternent
of changes in equity, and the related notes, including the accounting
policies in note 1 to both the consolidated financial statements and
company financial statements.

In our opinion:
— the financial statements give a true and fair view of the state
of the Group's and of the parent Company's affairs as at
31 March 2024 and of the Group's profit for the year then ended;

~ the Group financial statements nave been properly prepared
in accordance with UK-adopted intematioral accounting standards;

— the parent Company financial statements have been properly
prepared in accordance with UK accounting standards,
including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework; and

— the financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with the requirements of the Companies Act 2008.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International
Standards on Auditing (UG ("ISAs (UK)") aud applicable law
Our responsibilities are described below. We have fulfilled our
ethical responsibilities under, and are independent of the Group
in accordance with, UK ethical requirements including the FRC
Ethicai Standard as applied te listed entities. We believe that the
audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate
basis for our opinion

Overview

Materiality:
Group financial,
statements as
awhole

£1.25m (FY 23: C1.Sm)

4.9% (FY 23: 4.8%) of Groun profit before tax
agjustes for acqutsition costs, employment-linkect
anc contingent consideration

Coverage

matter

Recurting r

84% (FY 23: 84%) of Group absolute profit before tax
excluding intercompany

vs FY 23
Revenue recognition an contracts in
progress al year end, and recognition <>
of deferred and accrued income
Presentation and disclosure of <>
agjusting items (alternative
performance measures}
Recoverabitity of parent Company's <>

investments in subsidiaries and
receivatbles due from Group entities
iparent Company only)

alphatme.con

°
g
3
8
a
&
8
3
3
Fy
3
8



===== page 102 =====
100 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate Governance

2. Key audit matters: our assessment of risks of material misstatement

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in the audit of the financial
statements and inciude the most significant assessed risks of material misstaternent (whether or not due to fraud) identified by us,
including these which had the greatest effect on: the averall audit strategy; the allocation of resources in the audit; and directing the
eflorts of the engagement team. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole,
and in forming our opinian thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. In arriving at our audit opinion above,
the key audit matters, in decreasing order of audit significance, were as follows (unchanged from FY 23}.

The risk

Our response

Revenue recognition

on contracts in progress
at year end, and
recognition of deferred
and accrued income

(Revenue £235.5m, FY 23:
£228.7m; Deferred income
£1.9m, FY 23: £1.0m;
Accrued income £4.4m,
FY 23: £3.7m)

Refer top, 82 (Audit and
Aisk Committee Report),
p. 117 accounting policy)
and p. 120, p. 135 and
pp 137-138 (financial
disclosures)

Inappropriate recognition
of revenue on contracts in
progress at year end by
error or fraud, and impact
on resulting deterred and
accrued Income:

Biling of contracts is efther on a
time and expense or milestone
basis. There is a risk that
revenue transactions around
the year end, including the
associated deferred and
accrued income, might be
incorrectly recorded, either in
‘error or fraudulently, such that it
does not reflect hours worked
or the services provided

Our procedures included:

— Tests of detail {tracing and agreeing): we assessed the

appropriateness of revenue recognised by:

selecting a sample of revenue transactions recognised in
March 2024 and Apri! 2024 and obtaining the contract to
determine if time and expense or milestone;

for time and expense engagements, agree to the invoice
and hours recorded on timesheet records to assess that
the revenue has been recognised in the appropriate
financial year;

tor milestone contracts, agree to the invoice and deliverable
specified in the terms and conditions of the contract to
assess whether revenue has been recognised in the
appropriate financial year;

selecting a sample of items included in deferred income at
‘3t March 2024 and agreeing that the amounts billed per
the invoice are in advance of the work Deing completed as
specified in the terms and conditions of the contract; and

selecting a sempie of items inciuded in accrued income
at 31 March 2024 and agreeing: that amounts accrued agree
to hours recorded on timesheet records that have not been
invoiced, that contracts with the customer are in place for the
work performed; and that amounts accrued have been
invoiced post-year end.

We pertormed the cetailed tests above rather than seeking 10 rely
on any of the Group's contro's because our knowledge of the
design of these controls indicated that we would not be able to
obtain the reauired evidence to support reliance on controls.

— Assessing transparency: we considered the adequacy

of the Group's disclosures in respect of revenue, deferred
income ang accrued income,

alphatme.com


===== page 103 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024-101

The risk

Our response

Presentation and
disclosure of adjusting
items (alternative
performance measures}

(Adjusting iterns £14.3m,
FY 23: £15.8m)

Refer to p. 82 (Auit and
Risk Committee Report),
p. 118 {accounting policy)
and pp 121-124

Inappropriate identification
of adjusting items, and
inappropriate presentation
and disclosure of
alternative performance
measures by error:

The disclosure of ajusting
items and alternative
performance measures
CAPM’) is subjective.

There is a risk that iterns are
inappropriately identified as
adjusting items and/or ites
classified as adjusting items
or APMs are disclosed on an
inconsistent basis {both within
‘the period and between
periods), and that clear and
accurate explanation of
adjusting items is not given

in order to manipulate the
presentation of the
performance of the business.
There is also a risk that undue
prominence is given to APMs

Our procedures included:

— Tests of detail: we assessed the aporopriateness of the
presentation of alternative performance measures and adjusting
ites by

* challenging the Group’s classification of adjusting items
and APMs through reference to external guidance and
comparison to competitors. Assessing whether the adjusting
items met the Group's definition of adjusting items and
whether that presentation and the presentation of APMs is
‘on a consistent basis with prior periods;

= inspecting the Group's caloulations of alternative performance
measures to test the accuracy of the amounts in the
disclosures; and

°
g
3
8
2
3
2
8
2
8
3
5
8
3
&

* agreeing items separately disclosed to supporting invoice or
Group's calculation and assessing whether they have been
captured accurately.

We performed the tests above rather than seeking to rely on any of
the Group's controls because the nature of the oalance is such that
we would expect to obtain audit evidence primarily through the
detailed procedures described.

— Assessing transparency: critically assessing the disclosure
in the Annual Report and Accounts and considering whether
appropriate prominence has been given to GAAP measures,
and whether explanations of adjusting items and reconciliations
of alternative performance measures and GAAP measures are
clear and accurate,

Recoverability of parent
Company's investments
in subsidiaries and
receivables due from
Group entities (parent
‘Company only)

{Investment carrying value
£70.5m, FY 23: £1.31;
Receivables due from
Group entities £30.7m,
FY 23; £165.0m)}

Refer to p. 82 (Audit and
Risk Committee Report),
pp 147-148 (accounting
policy) and p. 149

Recoverability of parent
Company’s investments
in subsidiaries and
receivables due from
Group entities,

The carrying amount of the
parent Company’s investments
in subsicianes and of the
intra-Group debtor balance
together represents 99%

(FY 23: 99%) of the parent
Company's total assets. Their
recoverability is not at a high
risk of significant misstatement
or subject to significant
judgement, However, due to
their materiality in the context
of the parent Company
financia| staternents, this is
considered to be the area that
had the greatest affect on our
overail parent company audit.

Our procedures included:

— Test of detail: we assessed the recoverability of the parent
Company investments and intra-Group receivables by
comparing the carrying amount of investments in subsidiaries
(post-reorganisation) and intra-Group debtors with reference to
the relevant subsidiaries’ draft balance sheets to identify whether
they have net assets and whether those subsidiarics have
historically been profit-making, and comparing to the market
capitalisation of the Group.

We performed the tests above rather than seeking to rely on any of
the Group's controls because the nature of the balance is such that
we would expect to obtain audit evidence primarily through the
detailed procedures described.

— Assessing transparency: assessing the adequacy of the
parent Company's disclosures in resoect of investments in
subsidiaries and Group debtor balances.

alphatme.com


===== page 104 =====
102 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate Governance

3. Our application of materiality and an overview
of the scope of our audit

Materiality for the Group financial statements as a whole was set

at £1.25m (FY 23: 1.5m), determined with reference to a benchmark

of Group profit before tax normalised to exclude acquisition costs,

employment: jinked and contingent consideration as disclosed in

note 4, of which it represents 4.9% (FY 23: 4.8%).

Materiality for the parent Company financial statements as a whole
was set at £0.8m (FY 23: £0.71), whichis the component materiality
tor the parent Company determined by ine Group audit engagernent
team. This is iower than the materiality we would otherwise have
determined with reference to a benchmark of parent Company
total assets, of which it reoresents 0.4% (FY 23: 0.4%)

Inline with our audit methodology, our procedures on individual
account balances and disclosures were performed to a lower
threshold, performance materiality, so as to reduce to an
acceptable level the risk that individually immaterial) misstatements
in individual account balances add uo to a meterial amount
across the financial statements as a whole,

Performance materiality was set at 78% (FY 23: 75%] of materiality
for the financial statements as a whole, which equates to £0.94m
(FY 23: £1.13m] for the Group and £0.45m (FY 23: £0.53m) for the
parent Company. We applied this percentage in our determination
of performance materiality because we die not identify any factors
indicating an elevated level of risk.

We agreed to report to the Audit and Risk Committes any
corrected or uncorrected identified misstatements exceeding
£0.06m (FY 23: £0,075mi, in addition to other identified
misstatements that warranted reporting on qualitative grounds.

Of the Group's 34 (FY 23: 34) reporting components, we
subjected 7 (FY 28! 7) to full scope audits for Group purposes
and 4 (FY 23: 4) to specified risk-focused audit procedures, The
fatter were not individually financially significant enough to require
a full scope audit for Group purposes, but did present specific
individual risks that needed to be addressed. We subjected 1

(FY 23: 1) component to specified risk-focused audit procedures
over revenue, acerued income, deferred income and profit

share accruals,

Group revenue

Group absolute profit before tax

For the residual components. we performed analysis at an
aggregated Group level to re-examine our assessment that there
were no significant risks of material misstatement within these.
The component materiales ranged from £0.40m to £0.75m

(FY 23: £0.5m to £1.0m), having regard to the mix of size and risk
profile of the Group across the components, The work on all of
the components (FY 23: all of the components), including the
audit of the parent Company, was performed by the Group team.
The Group team performed procedures on the items excluded
from normalised Group profit before tax. The scope of the audit
work performed was predominately substantive as we placed
limited reliance upon the Group's internal control over

financial reporting,

The components within the scope of our work accounted for
the percentages illustrated below.

Normalised Group protit before
tax adjusted for aca
costs, empioyment-linked and
contingent consideration

Group materiality

91.251 FY 23 $1.8)

£1.25m
Whole financial
statements matenaity
(Pv 23: £1.50)

£0.94m
Whole firancial

statements perlormance
smatenalty FY 23:4 fry

£28.7m (FY 25: 231.0)

£0.75m
Range of materiality
at 8 components
(@0.40m-£0.76m) FY
28: £0.53 to £1.3m)

@ Group profi before tax
adjusted for acauisition costs,
employment-linked ana
cantiegent consideration

® Groip matenalty

£0.06m
Misstatements:

reported to the Auait
ana Higk Committee

Group total assets (FY 23: 20.08m

excluding intercompany

- 80%

(FY 23: 79%},

@ Ful scope for Group audit purposes 2024
Specriied nsk-focused aucit procedures 2024
@ FL scope for Group aur purposes FY 23

alphatme.com

89%

(FY 23: 91%}

Spectiies “gk focused audit procedures FY 23
Residual components


===== page 105 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 103

The remaining 20% (FY 23: 21%) of total Group revenue excluding
intercompany, 16% of Group profit belore tax excluding intercompany
FFY 23; 16%) and 11% (FY 22: 9%) of total Group assets is represented
oy 26 FY 23: 26) reporting components, none of which individually
represented more than 4% (FY 28: 3%) of any of tata! Group revenue,
Group profit before tax excluding intercompany or total Group
assets. For these components, we performed analysis at an
aggregated Group level to re- examine our assessment that there
were no significant risks of material misstatement within them.

4. Going concern

The Directors have prepared the financial statements on the going
concem basis as they do not intend ta liquidate the Group or the
parent Company or to cease their operations, and as they nave
concluded that the Group and the parent Company’s financial
position means that this is realistic. They have also concluded that
there are no material uncertainties that could have cast significant
doubt over their ability to continue as @ going concern for at least
a year from the date of approval of tne financial statements

(‘the going concern perio”).

We used cur knowledge of tha Group, its industry, and the
general economic environment to identity the inherent risks to its
business model and analysed how those risks might affect the
Greup's and parent Company's financial resources or ability to
continue operations over the going concem period, The risk that
we considered most likely to adversely affect the Group’s and
parent Company's available financial resources and metrics
relevant to debt covenants over this period was

— forecasted future revenue gerieration.

We considered whether this risk could plausibly affect the liquidity
in the going concem period by assessing the degree of downside
assumption that, individually and collectively, could result in a
liquidity issus, taking into account the Group's current and
projected cash and facilities (a “reverse stress test”|

We considered whether the going concern disclosure in note 1
to the financiai statements gives a full and accurate description
of the Directors’ assessment of going concern, including

the identified risks and dependencies. We assessed the
completeness of the going concern disclosure.

Our conclusions based on this work:

— we consider that the Directors’ use of the geing concern
basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial
statements is appropriate;

~ we have not identified, and concur with the Directors’
assessment that there is not, a material uncertainty related
to events or conditions that, individually cr collectively, may
cast significant daubt on the Group's or parent Company's
ability to continue as a going concern for the going concern
period: and

— we found the going concern disciosure in note 1 to be acceptable

However, as we cannot predict al future events or conditions
and as subsequent events may result in outcomes that are
inconsistent with judgements that were reasonable at the time
they were made, the above conclusions arg not a guarantee that
the Group or the parent Company will continue in operation:

5. Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations

- ability to detect
Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement,
due to fraud
To identify risks of material misstatement dus to fraud (“fraud risks”)
we assessed events or conditions that could indicate an incentive
or pressure to commit fraud or provide an opportunity to commit
fraud. Our risk assessment procedures included

— enquiring of Directors and the Auait and Risk Committee,
and inspection of policy documentation as to the Group's high
level policies anc procedures to prevent and detect fraud,
including the Group's channel for “whistleblowing", as well as
whether they have knowledge of any actual, suspected er
alleged fraud

oO
8
3
8
3
8
7
2
3
3
z
g
3
8

reading Board and Audit and Risk Committee minutes;

considering remuneration incentive schemes and performance
targets fer management and Directors including the adjusted
EPS target for management remuneration; and

using analytical procedures to identify any unusual or
unexpected relationships.

We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit team
and remained alert to any indications of fraud throughout the aucit.

As required by auditing standards, and taking into account
possible pressures to meet profit targets and our overall knowledge
of the control environment, we perform procedures to address the
risk of management override of controls and the risk of fraudulent
revenue recognition, in particular:

— the risk that Group management may be in a position to make
inapprooriate accounting entries:

— the risk of bias in accounting estimates and judgements such
as employment-linked acquisition payments, share-based
payments and contingent consideration; and

— the risk that revenue is recorded in the wrong period

Further detail in respect of revenue recognition is set out in the
key audit matter disclosures in section 2 of this report. We also
performed procedures including:

- Identifying journal entries and other adjustments to test for all
full scope components based on risk criteria and comparing
the identified entries to supporting documentation. These
inetuded unusual pairings with a credit or debit to an account
above eamings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation,
CEBSITDA"), with the opposite entry below EBITDA and unusual
journals with a credit or debit entry to cash;

identifying revenue transactions to test for ail full scope
components based on Unusual painngs with a credit or debit
to revenue; anc

assessing whether the judgements made in making
accounting estimates are indicative of a potential bias.

alphatme.com


===== page 106 =====
104 = Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate Governance

5. Fraud and breaches of {aws and regulations
- ability to detect continued
Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement
due to non-compliance with laws and regulations
We identified areas of laws and regulations tat could reasonably
be expected to have a material effect on the financial statements
from our general commercial and sector experience, and through
discussion with the Diractors and other management (as required
by auditing standards), and trom inspection of the Group's legal
correspondence and discussed with the Directors and cther
management, the policies and procedures regarding compliance
with laws and regulations

We communicated identified laws and regulations throughout our
team and remained alert to any indications of non: compliance
throughout the audit. The potential effect of these laws and
regulations on the financial statements varies considerably.

Firstly, the Group is subject to laws and regulations that directly
affect the financial statements inciucfing financial reporting
legislation (including related companies tegislatior}, disirbutable
profits legislation and taxation legislation and we assessed the
extent of compliance with these laws and reguiations as part

of our procedures on the related financial statement items.

Secondly, the Group is subject to many other laws and regulations
where the consequences of non-compliance could have a material
effect on amounts oF disclosures in the financial staternents, for
instance through the imposition of fines or iigation. We identified
the following areas as those most ikely to nave such an effect
anti-bripery, data protection and employment law recognising the
financial nature of the Group's activities, Auditing standards limit
the required audit procedures to identify non-compliance with
these laws and regulations to enquiry of the Directors and other
management and inspection of reguiatory and legal comespondence,
if any. Theretore if a breach of operational regulations is not
disclosed to us or evident from relevant correspondence, an
audit will not detect that breach,

Context of the ability of the audit to detect fraud or breaches
of law or regulation

‘Owing to the innerent limitations of an audit, there is an
unavoidabie risk that we may riot Nave detected some material
misstatements in the financial statements, even though we have
properly planned and performed our audit in accordance with
auditing standards. For examole, the further removed non-
compliance with laws and regulations is from the events and
transactions reflected in the financial! statements, the less likely
the inherently ited procedures required by auditing standards
would identify it

In addition. as with any audit, there remained a higher risk of
non-detection of fraud, as these may involve collusion, forgery,
intentional omissions, misrepresentations, oF the override of
internal controls. Our audit procedures are designad to detect
maternal misstatement, We are not responsisle tor preventing
non-compliance or fraud and cannat be expected to detect
non: compliance with all laws and regulations.

alphafme.cam

6. We have nothing to report on the other
information in the Annual Report

The Directors are responsible for the other information presented

in the Annual Report tagether with the financiat statements

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other

information and, accordingly, we do not axpress an audit opinion

or, except as explicitly stated below, any form of assurance

conclusion thereon.

‘Our responsibilty 's to read the other information ang, in doing so,
consider whether, based on our financial statements audit work,
the information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with
the financial statements or our audit knowledge, Based solely on
that work we nave not identified material misstatements in the
other information

Strategic Report and Directors’ Report
Based solely on our work on the other information:

— we have not identified material misstatements in the Strategic
Report and the Directors’ Report:

— in our opinion the information given in those reports for the
financial year is consistent with the financial statements; and

- in our opinion those reports have been prepared in
accordance wiih the Companies Act 2006,

7. We have nothing to report on the other matters

on which we are required to report by exception
Under the Companies Act 2006, we are required to report to you
if, in Our opinion:

— adequate accounting records have not been kapt by the
parent Company, or returns adequate for our audit have not
been received from branches not visited by us; or

— the parent Company financial statements are not in agreement
with the accounting records and returns; er

~ certain aisclosures of Directors’ remuneration specified by law
are not made: or

- we have not received all the information and explanations we
require for our audit,

We have nothing to report in these respects,

8. Respective responsibilities
Directors’ responsibilities

As explained more fully in their staternent set out on p98, the
Directors are responsible for: the preparation of the financial
statements including being satisfied that they give a true and fair
view: such internal control as they determine is necessary 10
enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from
material misstatement, whether due to traud of error, assessing
the Group and parent Company's ability to continue as a going
soncer, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
concern: and using the going concern basis of accounting unless
they ether intend to liquidate the Group or the parent Company or
to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


===== page 107 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 105

Auditor's responsibilities

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements as a whole are free fram material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error, and to issue our opinion in an
auditor’s report, Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance,
but does not guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with ISAs (UK) will always detec! a material misstatement when it
exists, Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
material if, individually or in aggregate, tney could reasonably be
expected to influence tne economic decisions of users laken on
the basis of the financial statements.

A fuller description of our respensibilities is provided on the FRC's
website at www. irc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities,

9. The purpose of our audit work and to whom we
owe our responsibilities
This report is mace solely to the Company's members, as a body,
in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act
2006. Our aucit work has been undertaken so that we might state
to the Company's members those matters we are required to
state to them in an auditor's report and for no other purpose. To
the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume
responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the
Company's members, as a body, for our audit work, for this
repon, or for the opinions we have formed.

Ax

Craig Parkin (Senior Statutory Auditor)

for and on behalf of KPMG LLP. Statutory Auditor
Chartered Accountants

EastWest,

Tollhouse Mill,

Nottingham,

NGI5FS

20 June 2094

alphafme,com

fo]
g
3
8
g
3
2
2
3
3
B
g
3
8



===== page 108 =====
406 Annual Report & Accounts 2024



===== page 109 =====
os

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 107

Financial
Statements

108 Consolidated statement of comprehensive income

109 Consolidated statement of financial position

110 Consolidated statement of cash flows

414 Consolidated statement of changes in equity
112 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
145 Company statement of financial position

446 Company statement of changes in equity

147 Notes to the Company financial statements

g
s
=
3
a
2
ca

66 Alpha are really great
partners in our industry
and bring to bear experience
across asset classes, across
geographies. They also bring
tangible actionable benefits
and insights.”

Global Head of Investor Services,
Global asset manager

alphafme.com



===== page 110 =====
108 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
For the year ended 31 March 2024

Yearended Year ented
31 March 2024 31 March 2023
Note £7000 £000
Continuing operations
Revenue 2 235,471 228,717
Rechargeable expenses 2 (1,846) (1,562)
Net fee income** 2 293,625 227,155
Cost of sales 2 (155,328) (146,796)
Gross profit 2 78,297 80,359
Administration expenses (63,219) (61,723)
Operating profit 3 25,078 28,636
Finance income 6 346 364
Finance expense 6 (2,854) (3,229)
Profit before tax 22,570 25,771
Taxation 8 6,723} (7,810)
Profit for the year 15,847 17,961
Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss:
Foreign exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (1,966) 3.510
Total other comprehensive income for the year (1,966) 3,510
Total comprehensive income for the year 13,881 24,471
Basic earnings per share (p) 1 13.85 16.82
Diluted earnings per share (p) " 12.98 14.79

36 Net fee income, adjusted EBITDA ana otfar atemative performance measures ate defined and reconciled in note 4.

alphatme.com


===== page 111 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 109

Consolidated statement of financial position
As at 31 March 2024

Asat Asal
31 March 2024 31 March 2023
Note £000 £000
Assets
Non-current assets.
Goodwill 12 105,179 103,676
intangible fixed assets 12 25,073 27,588
Property, plant and equipment 14 947 1013
Right-of-use assets 7 2,333 4,008
Deferred tax assets 9 2,666 3,033
Capitalised contract fulfilment costs 8 76 108
Total non-current assets 136,274 139,526
Current assets
Trade and other receivables 15 42185 34,128
Cash and cash equivaients. 6 29,392 59,215 Fd
Total current assets 71,577 93043
Current liabilities g
Trade and other payables 7 (46,373) Cm =
Provisions 18 (3,908) e327) i
Corporation tax (1,526) ee =
Lease liabilities 7 1,413) (2.104)
Total current liabilities (52,620) (67,290)
Net current assets 18,957 26,053
Non-current liabilities
Deterred tax liabilities. g (2,442) (2,783)
Other nan-current liabilitios, 19 (3,149) (11,400)
Lease liabilities 7 (1,147) (2,057)
Total non-current liabi (6,738) (16,240)
Net assets 148,493 149,339
Equity
Issued share capital 21 92 90
Share premium 119,438 119,438
Foreign exchange reserve 5,026 6,992
Other reserves 18,777 17,258
Retained earnings 8,160 5,961
Total shareholders’ equity 148,493 149,339

The notes on pp 112-144 form part of these consolidated financial statements. These financial statements were approved and
authorised for issue oy the Board of Directors on 20 June 2024,

They were signed on its benalt by

Luc MJ Baquée John C Paton
Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer

alphafme.com


===== page 112 =====
110 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Consolidated statement of cash flows
For the year ended 31 March 2024

Yearonded Year ended
31 March 2024 31 March 2023
Note £7000 €°000
Cash flows from operating activities:
Profit for the year 15,847 17,961
Taxation 8 6,723 7,810
Finance income 6 {846} (364)
Finance expenses 6 2,854 3,229
Loss/(profit) from exchange rate movements on cash heid 448 (2,364)
Depreciation charge 744 2,769 4,033
Profit an disposal of fixed assets 44) (14)
Amortisation of intangible fixed assets 12 4,325 4,762
Share-based payment charge 22 6.663 7,023
Increase/(decrease) in provisions 18 8 (19)
Working capital adjustments;
Increase in trade and other receivables 7,879) (3.834)
(Decrease)/increase in trade and other payables (1,370) 7752
Cash generated from operations 20,408 43,875
Tax paid (7.633) (33,285)
Net cash generated from operating activities 12,775 30,590
Cash flows from investing activities:
Interest received 6 346 364
Acquisition consideration payments, including deferred and contingent, net of cash acquired 13 (16,981) (20,829)
Purchase of intangible assets 12 en) 19)
Purchase of property, plant ana equipment, net of disposais: (803) (880)
Net cash used in investing activities (17,449) 21,644)
Cash flows from financing activities:
Net settlement of vested share options (457) (343)
Purchase of own shares by the EBT (3,843) 0,139)
Drawdown of revolving credit facility 6 10,150 12,500
Repayment of revolving credit facility 6 (10,150) (12,800)
Interest and bank loan tees (1,254) (482)
Principal lease liability payments 7 (1.989) (1,315)
Interest on lease liabilities 7 (308) (216)
Dividends paid 10 (16,246) (12,774)
Net cash used in financing activities (24,097) (16,269)
Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents (28,771) (7,323)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 59,215 63,516
Effect of exchange rate movements on cash held (1,082) 3.022
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 29,392 59,215

alphatme.com


===== page 113 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024114

Consolidated statement of changes in equity
For the year ended 31 March 2024

Foreign Total
issued share Share exchange Other Retained = shareholders’
capital premium reserve reserves, earnings equity
£000 £000 £000 £000 £'000 £'000
As at 1 April 2022 89 119,438 3,482 9,361 375 132,745
Comprehensive income
Profit for the year - - - - 17,961 17,961
Foreign sxcrange aitferencos ‘on translation _ . 3,510 . . 3,510
Transactions with owners
Shares issued (equity) 1 - - - oO) -
Purchase of own shares by the EBT - - - (1,139) - (1,139)
Share-based payment charge - - - 7,023 - 7,023
Net settlement of vested share options - - ~ (343) - (343)
Current tax recognised in equity - - - 1,486 - 7,486
Deferred tax recognised in equity - - - 870 - 870
Dividends - - - - (12,774) (12,774)
‘As at 31 March 2023 90 119,438 6,992 17,258 5,561 149,339
Comprehensive income
Profit for the year - - - - 15,847 15,847
orouion spaaene ences on transiation - - (1,966) - - 1,966)
Transactions with owners
Shares issued (cauity) 2 - - - @ -
Purchase of own shares by the EBT - - - (8.843) - (3,843)
‘Share-based payment charge - - - 6,863 - 6,863
Net settlement of vesled share options - - 7 (457) - (457)
Current tax recognised in equity - - - 569 - 569
Deferred tax recognised in equity - - - (1,413) - (1,413)
Dividends - - - - (16,246) (16,246)
As at 31 March 2024 92 119,438 5,026 18,777 5,160 148,493

Issued share capital
Issued share capital represents the nominal value of share capital subscribed.

Share premium

The share premium account is used to record the aggregate value of premiurtis paid when the Company's shares are issued at a

premium, net of associated share issuance costs.

Foreign exchange reserve

The foreign exchange feserve represents exchange differences that arise on consolidation from the translation of the financial

statements of foreign subsidiaries, including goodwill

Other reserves

The other reserves reptesent the cumulative fair value of the IFRS 2 share-based payment charge recognised each year, associated
current tax, deferred tax and net settlement of vested share options, equity-settled acquisition consideration reserves, and ourchases of

the Company's own shares by the employee benefit trust ("EBT").

Retained earnings

The retained earnings reserve represents cumulative net profits and losses recognised in the consolidated statement of comorenensive

income, less dividends parc.

alphafme.com

x
Fs
Fe
3
2
g
g
z
Z
&
Fy
3



===== page 114 =====
412 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements

1, Summary of significant accounting policies
General information

The principal activity of the Group is the provision of specialist
consulting and related services to clierts in the financial services
industry, principally in the UK, North America, Europe and APAC.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting pic s incorporated in England
and Weles with registered number 09965297. The Company is. @
Sublic limited company and is listed on the AIM of the London
Stock Exchange. lis registered office is 60 Gresham Street,
London, EC2V 783.

The consojidated financial statements were authorised for issue
in accordance with a resolution of the Directors on 20 June 2024.

Basis of preparation

The consolidated financial statements have been crepared in
accordance with UK-adopted international accounting standards.

These financial statements have bean prepared under the
historical cost basis, except for certain financial instruments that
are measured at fair value

The presentational currency of these financial statements is pound
sterling. All amounts in these financial statements nave been
rounded to the nearest £1,000, except where otherwise stated.

Going concern

in assessing the Group's and the Company's abilities to continue
on a going concern basis for a period of at least 12 months from
the approval of these financial statements {the “going concern
period’), the Directors considered the Group's projected cash
flows, cash liquidity and existing undrawn borrowing facilities,

As at 31 March 2024, the Group held considerable financial
resources including cash balances of £29,4m. The Group also
has access, througout the going concern period, 10 a revolving
credit faclity ("ACF") of £50.0m, providing further liquidity. See
note 6 for details of the Group's banking facility, and also note 23
for details of the financial risks facing the Group

The Group prepared cash-flow forecasts covering the going
concern period. The base case assumes tracing performance
over the jorecast period in line with the Board-approved budget
reflecting recovery to growth in FY 25 at slightly improved margins.
including future non-operating cash flows related to dividends,
deferred consideration and earn-out oayments due. The Directors
considered the principat risks and mitigants (a8 set out on pp 57-60)
and analysed a range of cash-tlow downside scenarios including
a “reverse-sttess test” Scenario. This models the deciine in sales
that the Group would be able to absorb over the going concern
period before utiising all of the exising cash reserves avaiabie,
while assuming the maximum Lionpo:nt and Shorekne acquisition
payments. The Directors conser this scenario and the sequence
of events that could lead to # to be remote, as it requires annualised
revenue reductions of aver 30% compared to the base case,
before modelling any mitigating cost reductions, assuming no
dividends are paid and no further unding of the EBT is provided
in the period. The Group's £50.0m RCF remains fully uncrawn in
all going concern scenarios.

While cognisant of the more chatlenging market environment
‘experienced in FY 24, the Directors look forward with confidence
for the Group to return te histone growth and profitabilty levels achieved.

After carefui consideration of the scenarios, the Directors nave a
reasonable expectation that the existing resources af the Group
and the Company are adequate to meet their requirements aver
the going concern period. On tris basis, the Directors consider
that itis appropriate to adopt the gaing concern basis in preparing
the financial statements.

alphatme.com

Additionally, the Board has considered the going concern
assessment in light of the recommended cash offer for the
acquisition of 100% of the Company's issued share capital by
Actium Bidco (Uk) Limited {"Bidco’), an indirect subsidiary of certain
funds managed by Bridgeooint Advisers Limited (‘Sridgevoint")

{the “Acauisition”), which is subject to sharehokder approval.

Whilst the current Board is not expected to continue in its current
form following completion of the Acquisition, the Directors have
considered the strategic plans and intention statements of

Bidco around the operation of the Group, potential initiatives

to accelerate growth and scale existing Group businesses,
outlined in the recommended cash offer announcement dated

20 June 2024 made pursuant to Rule 2.7 of the Takeover Code.
fis also currently expected that the Company will remain in
existence as an intermediate holding company under the potential
new Acquisition structure during the going concern period.

Considering these factors and information available to the Board
at this stage, alongside tne Board’s current understanding of the
potential Acquisition structure, the Board is not aware of any
reason to change its going concern assessment.

Basis of consolidation

These financial statements consolidate the financial statements of
the Company and its subsidiary undertakings (the “Group’} as at
31 March 2024.

Subsidianes are fully consolidated from the date of acauisition,
ipeing the date on which the Group ootans control, and continue
to be consolidated unt the date that such control ceases. The
financial statements of subsidiaries are prepared for the same
reporting period as the parent company, using consistent
accounting policies.

All intra-Group balances, income and expenses and unrealised
gains and losses resulting from intra-Group transactions are
eliminated in full

Principal accounting policies

‘The principal accounting poticies adopted in the preperation of
these consolidated financial statements are set out below
Significant judgements and estrmates

The preparation of financial information in accordance with

IFRS requires management to make judgements, estimates and
assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies
and reported amounts of assets, abilities, income and expenses.

In the process of aoplying the Group's accounting polices, the
Directors have made two judgements (excluding those involving
estimations), which are considered to have a significant effect on
the financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2024

To assist in understanding the underlying performance of the
Group, management presents various alternative performance
measures (‘APMs"), which exclude certain adjusting items. APMs
are provided to allow stakeholders a further understanding of the
underlying trading performance of the Group and to aid comparabity
between accounting periods. Managernent applies judgement to
identify those adjusting tems that warrant exclusion from the
Group's adjusted measures to allow stakehoiders a further
understanding of the underlying performance of the busmess.
These adjusting items have been applied consistently across reporting
periods. A reconciliation to IFRS measures, and explanation of
each adjusting item excluded, 18 provided in nate 4


===== page 115 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 113

All adjusting items are considered individually for exclusion by
virtue of their nature or size. In the year ended 31 March 2024
these items totalled £14.3m (FY 23: £15.8m) recognised in
administration expenses. A further £1.6m FY 23: £2.4m) of
non-underlying costs were recognised within finance expenses.

Se re COyRt ran

Revenue is the Group’s mast significant caption in the consolidated
statament of comprehensive income. Whilst the majority of the
Group's revenue is contracted on a time and materials oasis, the
Group also has some fixed-price milestone contracts. The recognition
‘of revenue on such contracts involves consideration of the detailed
contractual terms against the requirements of FRS 15. The key
judgements include assessment of whether revenue should be
recognised over time or at a pont in time, and whether the performance
obligations under the contract have been met at the balance
sheet date, to dest reflect the transfer of services through the

life of each contract.

Further information regarding the methods used to recognise
revenue for both time and materials and milestone contracis
is provided in the Group's accounting policy, as detailed on p. 117,

Estimates

A number of estimates have been made in the preparation of the
financial statements. The underlying assumptions in the Group’s
estimates are based on historical experience and various other
factors that are deemed to be reasonable under the circumstances.
These assumptions form the basis of calculating estimates of the
carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not apparent from
other sources. Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed
cn an ongoing basis. Changes to estimates are recognised in the
year in which the estimate is revised and any future years

affected, Actual results can differ from these estimates.

The Directors have not identified any key estimates that are
considered to nave a significant risk of a material adjustment
within the next financial year. However, the Directors have
identified one other area of estimation uncertainty.

Share page paymencs

Management has estimated the share-base¢ payment expense
under IFRS 2. In determining the share-based payment expense
and the associated social security tax thereon, management has
considered several internal and external factors to judge the probability
that management and employee share incentives may vesi and to
assess the fair value of share options at the dale of grant, Such
assumptions invoive estimating future performance, share price
and other factors. The fair value calculations have been assessed
by a third-party expert for reasonableness in the current and prior
periods. Refer to note 22 for sensitivity analysis.

Property, plant and equipment
All property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost (or
deemed historical cosi) less accumulated depreciation. Cost
includes the original purchase price of the asset and the costs
attriputable to bringing the asset to its working condition for its
intended use.

Depreciation is applied on all property, plant and equipment at
rales calculated to write each asset down to its estimated residuat
value on a straight-line basis al tne following annual raies:

Tangible fixed asset Useful economic tife

Leasehold improvements 3-10 years
Fixtures and fittings 3-4 years
Computer equipment 3 years

Useful economic lives and estimated residuai values are reviewed
annually and adjusted as appropriate.

Business combinations, goodwill and consideration

Business combinations are accounted for using tne acquisition
methos as at the acquisition date, which is the date on which
control is transferred to the Group. identifiable assets acquired
and liabilities assumed In a business combination are measured
at their fair values at the acquisition date,

Goodwill arises when the fair value of the consideration for a business:
exceeds the fair value of ihe identifiable net assets acquired

In detesmining the fair value of intangible assets arising on &
business combination, management assesses the timing and
amount of future cash flows applicable to the intangibie assets
being acquired, discounted using an appropriate discount rate.
The estimated cash flows are based on current oudgets and
forecasts, extradolated for an appropriate period, considering
growth rates and expected changes to selling prices and operating
costs. Management estimates an appropriate discount rate using
post-tax rates that reflect current market assessments of the tme
value of money and the risks specific to the business being
acquired (see note 12).

In line with 1AS 21 para 47, goodwill arising on the acquisition of a
foreign operation is held in local currency and is retransiated into
the Group's presentational currency al each reporting date using
the clasing foreign exchange rate

Goodwill is initially recognised and measured as set cut above.
Goodwill is not amortised but is reviewed for impairment at least
annually as described below.

Irppairment revi
Goocwil is tested for impairment annually or, more frequently,
when there is an indication of impairment. For the purpose of
impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group's
cash-generating units {"CGUs" or groups of cash-generating
units expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.
The CGUs have been grouped in line with the Group’s operating
segments as this is the level at which goodwill is monitored by
management. Therefore, the groups of CGUs considered fer
impairment testing are UK, North America and Europe & APAC.

goudent

The Group performs impairment reviews at the reporting period
end to identify any goodwill assets that have a carrying value that
is in excess of iis recoverable amount. Determining the recoverabity
af goodwill requires judgement in both the methodology applied
and the key assumptions within that methodology. [fit is determined
that an impairment is required, the carrying value of the goodwill
is reduced to its recoverable amount wilh the difference recorded
as an impairment charge in the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income. Any impairment loss recognised for
goodwill is not reversed

In accordance with IAS 36, the Group nas tested goodwil for
impairment at the balance sheet date. No goodwill impairment
was deemed necessary at 31 March 2024.

alphafme.com

3
3
3
Ey
cy
g
a
a
2
3
2
Es



===== page 116 =====
114. Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

1. Summary of significant accounting policies
continued

Rete ret art ooat agent

ercdderasio
Deferred and contingent consideration may arise on acquisitions.
Deferred consideration arises when settlement of all or part of the
cost of business combination falls due after the acquisition was
completed. Contingent consideration arises where consideration
is dependent on the future performance of the acquired company,

Deferred and contingent consideration associated with business
combinations that is to be settled in cash is assessed in line with
agreed contractual terms, Consideration payable is discounted
for the time value of money and recognised as capital investment
cost at fair value when the deferred or contingent censideration is
not employmentinked. Alternatively, where amounts payable are
contingent upon future employment, these amounts are recognised
as a remuneration expense over the deferral or contingent
performance period.

In circumstances where there is an option to settle in the form

of cash or a variable number of shares, the Group recognises a
financial liability for the fair value of the discounted consideration.
Where consideration is settled in a fixed number of shares, the
consideration is classified as equity, itis not remeasured, and
settlement is accounted for within equity.

Subsequent to the acquisition date, amounts relating to
deferred consideration are measured at amortised cost.
Contingent consideration amounts are recognised at fair value
through the consolidated staternent of comprenensive income.

Ateach balance sheet date, the fair value of contingent
consideration is measured using level 3 inputs in accordance with
the fair value hierarchy and as such these calculations contair
estimation uncertainty, as they relate to future performance,

The key inputs associated with the vatuation of these liabilities
include the potential future cash flows of each acquired business,
the likelihood of an earn-out payment being made and estimating
an appropriate discount rate to apply to these future cash flows.
Changes to these assumptions that support the fair value are
recognised within administration expenses as an adjusting item
For further detail see notes 13 and note 23,

Changes in the carrying value of deterred and contingent
consideration liabilities associated with the passage of time
are recognised as a finance cost.

Consideration payments, including all deferred and contingent
consideration paid in the year, are reported within investing
actwities in the consolidated statement of cash flows, except
for employmenttinked payments, which are reported within
‘operating activities.

Other intangible assets

Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are ritially
recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date {which is
regarded as their cost) After intial recognition, intangible assets

acquired in a business combination are reported at cost less
accumulated amortisation and any impairment losses

alphatme.com

I var oh a pistes:

Ac bhe 68

intangible assets acquired in a business combination are
identified and recognised separately from goodwill where they
saiisly the definition of an intangible asset under IAS 38. Such
assets are only recognised if either:

— they are capable of being separated or divided fram the Group
and sold, transferred, licensed, rented or exchanged, either
individually or together with a related contract, identifiable
asset or liability, regardless of whether the Group intends to
do so; or

— they arise from contractual or other legal rights, regardless of
whether those rights are transferable or separable from the
entity or from other rights and obligations.

The cost of such intangible assets is their fair value at the acquisition
date. All intangible assets acquired through business combination
are amortised over their estimated useful lives. The significant
intangibles recognised by the Group, their useful economic lives
and the methods used to determine the cost of the intangibles
acquired in business combinations are as follows. These uselut
lives are re-assessed at each reporting date:

Intangible asset ‘Useful life Valuation method
Customer ‘2 years Multi-period excess.
relationships ¥ earnings method
Intellectual
property 7 years Relief from royalty method
Trade name 4448 years Relief from royalty method
Multi-period excess
Order backlog 4-2 years earings method
Intersay developed ‘ntargible assets

Capitalised development costs represent the costs incurred in the
development of internally generated software, primarily within the
Aivig business.

A useful economic life of three years has been deemed
appropriate based on the expected project lifecycle in
development of new software. The amortisation charge is
recognised in administration expenses within the consolidatea
statement of comprehensive income,

Foreign exchange

Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the relevant
entity’s functional currency at the average foreign exchange rate
in the month of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities
denominated in foreign currencies at the balance sheet date are
retransiated to the functional currency at the foreign exchange
rate ruling at that date. Non-monetary assets and abilities that
are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are
translated using the average exchange rate in the momth of the
transaction and are not retranslated. Foreign exchange differences
arising on translation to functional currency are recognised in
administration expenses.

The revenues ano expenses of foreign operations are translated
to the Group's functional currency at the average foreign exchange
rate in the month of the gate of the transactions, The assets and
Jabiities of foreign operations, including goodwill and fair value
adjustments arising on consolidation, are translated to the Group's
presentationat currency, pound sterling, at foreign exchange rates
ruling at the balance sheet date. Foreign exchange differences.
arising on retranslation of assets and liabiities relating to foreign
operations are recognised in other comprehensive ncome. Exchange
differences on translation of foreign operations may oe rectassitied
subsequently to profit or jess when specific conditions are met.


===== page 117 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 = 115.

Financial mstruments

The Group uses financiat instruments comprising cash and cash
equivalents, borrowings, and other short-term instruments, such
as trade payables that arise from its operations, Tre main ourpose
of these financial insiruments is to fund the Group's business
strategy and working capital requirements.

Accounting policies in respect of financial instruments are
outlined below.

Financial =

Financial assets are initially measured at fair value plus or minus,
in the case of a financia! asset not at fair value through profit or
loss, transaction costs. The Group nas not reclassified any financiat
assets subsequent to initial recognition as at tne balance sheet
date. Reclassification of classes of financial assets is accounted
for prospectively in accordance with IFRS 9, where this is required.
Any difference on reclassification from amortised cost to fair value
through profit or loss is recognised in the statement of comprehensive
income at the reclassification date.

‘The Group recognises an expected credit loss provision in relation
to financial assets. The simplified method is applied to the
Group's trade receivables as described below. The Group’s
expacted credit loss provision on all other financial assets is.
immaterial as the probability of default is low. Movements in the
expected credit loss provision are recognised in profit or loss
Refer te note 15 for further details.

Refer to note 23 for the disclosure of financial assets measured
at amortised cost.

7

Trade and other receivables are recognised initially al fair value,
equal to the transaction price, and subsequently measured at
amartised cost less provision for impairment. The trade receivables
balances recorded in the Group's statemnent of financial position
are held untii reaiised in cash.

ade and otlnr recenvabies

The Group provides services to customers on credit terms with
mainly arrears billing. Certain receivables may not be paid. The
Group applies the IFRS ¢ simplified approach to measuring
expected credit losses, which uses a lifetime expected loss
allowance for all trade receivables. To measure expected credit
losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on shared
credit characteristics and the days past due. The Group considers
historical loss rates for each ageing calegory as a starting point
for astimating the expected credit loss. This historical loss rate is
subsequently adjusted for macro-economic and customer-specilic
factors of receivables within each ageing category. Characteristics
considered by the Group for these purposes include: historical
collection experience for each customer; the assessed liquidity of
key customers within the receivables balance; and other relevant
macro-econormc factors in order to determine @ reasonable and
supportable assessment of the expected lifetime credit risk in the
context of the overall year-end trade receivables cue.

wench ie

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances that are
recorded and sudsequently measured at amortised cost in line
with IFRS 9, Bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand and
are included as a component of cash and cash equivalents for
the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows.

(orsvatie
The Group may use derivative financial instruments to rnanage ts
exposure to foreign exchange and other risks, The Group does
not use derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes.
Derivatives are recorded at their fair vaiue in the consolidated
statement of financial position. Gains anc losses on these
instruments are recognised immediately in the consolidated
statement of comprehensive income. A derivative with a positive
fair value is recognised as a financial asset whereas a derivative
with a negative fair value is recognised ag a financial liabiity

The Group has not formally designated any derivative financial
instruments to qualify for hedge accounting. See ncte 23 for
further details.

Trade a Pr payabies

‘Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value,
equal to the transaction price, and are subsequently measured at
amortised cost. Trade payables due within one year are not discounted.

Refar to note 23 for the disclosure of financial liabilities measured
at amortised cost and fair value.

Provisions

Provisions are distinct from other liabilities as there is uncertainty
over the timing or amount of the cash outflow required to settle
the liability. Provisions are measured at the present value of the
expenditure expected to be required to settle the obligation. The
Group applies a “most likely outcome” approach in valuing these
obligations, as this is most appropriate for the type of provisions
which the Group holds. These are discounted to present value
using an appropriate pre-tax discount rate, where the time value
of money is material. Refer to note 18 for detail of classes of
grovisions anc further detail on material assumptions.

Extornal borrowings

All loans and borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, equal
to the value of amounts received. Borrowings are suosequent'y
stated at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds
and the redemption value is recognised in the statement of
comprehensive income over the period of the borrowings using
the effective interest method.

Impairment of non-financial assets

‘The carrying amaunis of the entity’s non-financial assets, other
than deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each reporting date to
determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any
such indication exists, then the asset's recoverable amount is
estimated. The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the
greater of its value in use and its ‘air value, less costs to sell

In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are
discounted to their present vaiue using a pre-tax discount rate that
reflects current market assessments of the time value of money
and the risks specific to the asset.

For the purposes of impairment testing, assets that cannot be
tested individually are grouped together into the smatlest group of
assets that generates independent cash inflows (the CGU); that is,
cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of
the cash inflows of other assets or groups of assets

alphafme.com

2
5
a
3
fa
=
g
=
s
3
3
z
5



===== page 118 =====
116 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

1. Summary of significant accounting policies
continued

‘An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an
asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable amount.
impairment losses are recognised in the statement of comprehensive
income. Impairment losses recognised in respect of CGUs are
allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill
allocated to the units and then to reduce the carrying amounts

of other assets in the CGU (or group of CGUs) on a pro-rata basis,

An impairment loss relating te non-financial assets, excluding
goodwill, is reversed if and only if. the reasons for the impairment
have ceased to apply.

Impasrment losses recognised in prior years are assessed at each
reporting date for any indication that the loss has decreased or no
longer exists. An impairment loss is only reversed to the extent
that the asset's carrying amount does not exceed the carrying
amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation

or amortisation, if no impairment Joss had been recognised.

Right-of-use assets are accounted for in line with the “Leases”
section below,

Current and deferred tax

Current and deferred tax is recognised in the consolidated
statement of comprehensive income, except in relation to
share-based payments where the amount of the tax deduction
‘exceeds the amount of the related cumulative share-based
payment charge, in which case it is recognised in equity.

Current tax is the expected tax payaile or receivable on the
taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively
enacted at the balance sheet date, and any adjusiment to tax
payable in respect of previous periods.

Deferred tax is provided using the batance sheet liablity approach,
providing for temporary differences between the carrying amounts
of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the
amounts used for taxation purposes. The amount of deferred tax
provided 1s based on the expected manner ot realisation or settiement
of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities, using tax rates
enacted or substantively enacted at ihe balance sheet daie.

Fhe carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each
balance sheet date anc reduced to the extent that it is ne longer
probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow al
or part of the asset to be recovered. Deterred tax assets and
liabilities are offset when there is @ legally enforceable right to set
off current tax assets against current tax liabilities, and when they
relate to taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the Group
intends to settle its current lax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

Leases
The Group leases office premises in various jurscictons. Leases
are negotiated on an individual basis. and for a variety of terms
‘over which rentals are fixed. Leases May contain a break clause
oF options to extend for a further period at the then prevailing
market rate. Rental agreements te which IFRS 16 has been
applied span anywhere between 12 months and 10 years.
Contracts may contain poth lease and non-lease components
Non-lease components are separately identifiable ang are
excluded from the recognition of tne lease under IFRS 16.

alphafme.com

The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other
than the security interests in the leased assets that are held
by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for
borrowing purposes.

Measurement of eae babileies

Gn inttiat recognition of a new lease, the lease liability is recognised
as the present value of future payments, discounted using the
incremental borrowing rate ("BR"), unless the interest rate implicit
to the leases available for use.

Lease payments to be made subsequent to optional termination
options have been included within the lease fiaollity measurement,
where it is reasonably certain that such options will be exercised

Lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit

in the lease. If that rate cannot be easily determined, the IBR is
applied, being the rate that the individual lessee wouid have to
pay 10 borrow the funds necessary to cbtain an asset of simiar
value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment
with similar terms, security and conditions. in determining the
iBR, the Group has made adjustments for relevant factors such
as lease term, lease value, country and asset-specific considerations.

Tne Group accounts for lease payments by allocating them to a
finance cost element and against the lease liability. The finance
cost is charged to the statement of comprehensive income over
the lease period

When the Group revises its estimate of the term of any lease

(for example, if a significant change in circumstances within the
Group’s control indicates a reassessment is appropriate), the
Group adjusts the carrying amount of the lease liability to refiect
the payments to make over the revised term, which are discounted
using a revised discount rate. In such cases, an equivalent adjustment
Is mace to the carrying value of the right-of-use asset, with the
revisee carrying amount being amortised over the remaining
(revised) lease term. if the carrying amount of the right-of-use
asset is adjusted to zero, any further reduction is recognised in
the statement of comprehensive income.

The Group has no material exposure to variable lease payments
that qualify for accounting treatment under IFRS 16

Measuroment ef ight of ui
The right-of-use asset for lease agreements entered into after
transition date is measured on intial recognition as the amount
equal to the lease liability, less any lease incentives, plus any initial

direct costs. Right-of-use assets are depreciated over the shorter
of the asset's useful fife and the lease term on a straight-line basis.

The Group has used the practical expedients permitted by IFRS 16
in relation to accounting for leases with a lease term of less than

12 months as "short-term leases’, and those with @ low value as
“low-value leases” Consequently, no lease liability or night-of-use
asset is calculated thereon. These leases are expensed in the
statement of comprehensive income. The Group also applies the
practical expedient to combine leases with similar characteristics
to @ portfolio of leases for the purpose of applying the
requirements of IFRS 18.

See note 7 for further detais on the Group's leasing arrangements.


===== page 119 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 117

Revenue recognition

nition Of ras ente anclelions billing

Revenue consists of the value of work executed for clients during
the year and expenses recharged, exclusive of VAT. Revenue is
classified into net fee income and recharged expenses. Net fee
income represents the Group's personnel, subcontractor and
related expertise and services sold to clients. Recharged expenses
is the recharge of costs incidental to fulfiling contracts including
fights, subsistence and accommodation on which nil or negligiole
margin is earned by the Group.

The Group delivers services that have no alternative use to Aloha.
{advice to clients, regoris, etc) as the services are specifically
tailored io clients’ projects and scope of work. The significant
majority of the Groups revenue is contracted on a time and
materials basis, where the performance obligation is to provide
consultancy resources at agreed day rates. For such contracts,
revenue is recognised over time, as consuitant days worked
are delivered. Modifications or extensions to such projects are
recognised as services are delivered. Significant extensions,
where the scope or price of the contract increases, are treated
as separate contracts, Contracts accounted for on a time and
materials oasis are billed incrementally, typically monthly, for
incurred time and materials.

Revenue recognition for fixed-fee projects ts based on the
Satisfaction of performance obligations in line with contractual
project milestones, depending on the nature of the performance
obligations for the project. Material scope changes are managed
via @ new agreement with the client. Fixed-fee projects are tyoically
billed in accordance with the nature of the performance obligations
when a right to payment crystallises.

For most fixed-fee milestone projects, revenue is recognised at
@ point in time upon delivery of each performance obligation and
these projects are typically billed as contractual milestones are
delivered and the right to payment exists. Coniractuat milestones
are only treated as separate performance obligations by the
Group when they are distinct from the other elements in the
contract and Could provide a benefit to the customer without
further work being completed. In limited circumstances, revenue
from fixed fee milestone projects is recognised over time where
the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance
cornpleted to date, before the contractual milestone has been
fully delivered,

Revenue relating to right-to-access software licensing fees is
recognised over time, as the benefits of the software are consumed
by the customer over tne licence period. Associated implementation
and other services are recognised in line with the underlying
performance obligation, either over the contractual licence period
where the associated service is not distinct from the licence, or in
line with the work performed where the service provided is deerned
distinct from the underlying licence. This assessment is made at 2
contractual level based on the level of interdependency between
the promises in each related contract.

Revenue is wholly attrioutable to the principal activities of the
Group, For all revenue types, payment is typically due between
30 and 60 days after the invoice date or receipt of invoice,
depending on the client and geography

Re. ugnil a af con thart rs civ.

Activity performance recognised as revenue in excess of invoices
raised are contract receivables and are included within accrued
income, up to the value of the relevant project celivery milestone,
where applicable. On invoicing, the contract receivable is reclasstied
to trade receivables,

R
Where amounts have been invoiced in excess of work performed
and revenue recognised, the excess is a contract flability and is
incluced within deferred income, valued in line with the nature of

the project and related performance obligations as described
above and recognised in future periods.

pert neta

Cost of sales

Cost of sales is defined by management as the direct costs
associated with the generation of the Group's revenue, including
staff payroll and contractor costs that are directly attributable 10
the delivery of services and supporting growth

Rechargeabie expenses, including travel and subsistence directly
recharged to the Group's clients as part of revenue generation,
are presented within the “rechargeable expenses’ line within the
Group's statement of comprehensive income

Crpitoused contract tulfilment costs

Costs directly attributable to the fulfilment of unsatisfied or partially
unsatisfied performance obligations on customer contracts are
recognised as an asset where these costs generate or enhance
resources of the Group and the costs are expected to be recovered.
These costs principally relate to partialy completed milestones
on fixed-tee contracts and non-distinct software implementation
costs incurred in advance of the commencement of the client's
licence period on Aivig contracts. These costs are recognised in
the consolidated income statement at the point of revenue recognition
for ixed-fee milestone projects, or ara amortised to te consolidated
income statement over the licence period for non-distinct
software implementation costs.

Administration expenses
Administration expenses are defined by management as costs
incurred by the Group that are not directly associated with the
generation of revenue. This includes items such as head office
staff costs, recruitment and professional fees and IT sarvices,
which are expensed as incurred. Acministration expenses exclude
finance Income and expenses and taxation, which are presented
separately in the income statement.

Segmental reporting
An operating segment is a component of the Group

{that engages in business activities from which it may earn
revenues and incur expenses (including revenues and
expenses reiating to transactions with other components
of the same Group);

{i) whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the Board
of Directors in order to make decisions about resources to be
allocated to that component and assess its performance; and

(ui) for which discrete financial information is available.

Qperating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the
internat reporting provided to the chief operating decision maker,
as required by IFRS 8 Operating Segments. The chief operating
decision maker is responsible for allocating resources and
assessing performance of the operaling segments and has

been identified as the Board of Directors.

alphatme.com

Zz
5
3
5
g.
Es
2
FS
5
3
3
Fa
5



===== page 120 =====
118 = Annuai Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

1. Summary of significant accounting policies
continued

The accounting policies of the reportable segments are consistent
with the accounting policies of the Group as @ whole. Segment
profit represents the gross profit eamned by each segment without
allocation of administration expenses, interest payable and tax
Tris is the measwe of profit that is reported to the Board of Directors
for the purpose of resource allocation and the assessment of
segment performance.

The Board regularly reviews consolidated operating resuits to
make decisions about the financial and organisational resources
of the Group and to assess overail performance

Employee benefits

mene contritis

+ persion piae
A defined contribution plan is a post-emoloyment benefit plan
under which the Group pays fixed contrioutions into a separate
entity and will have a legal or constructive obligation to pay further
amounts. Contributions to detined contribution schemes are charged
to the statement of comprehensive income as they become
payable in accordance with the rules of the scheme. Differences
between contributions payable in the year and contributions paid
are shown as either accrua's or prepayments in the consolidated
statement of financial position.

# based p

erent

The cost of share-based empioyee compensation arrangements,
whereby employees receive remuneration in the form of shares or
share options, is recognised as an employee benefit expense in
the consolidated statement of comorchensive income.

‘The total exoense to be apportioned over the vesting period of
the benefit is determined by reference to the fair value (excluding
the effect of non-market-based vesting conditions) at the date
of grant.

In determining the fair value of share-based payments under IFRS.
2, management has considered a number of internal and external
factors in order to judge the probability that management and
employee share incentives may vest. Such judgements involve
estimating future performance and other non-market-vased factors

At the end of each reporting period the assumotions underlying
the number of awards expected to vest are adjusted for the effects
of non-market-based vesting conditions te reflect the conditions
prevailing at that date, The impact of any revisions to the original
estimates is recognised in the statement of comprehensive
income, with a corresponding adjustment to equity. Fair value 1s
measured by the use of a binomial model, The assumptions nave
been adjusted, based on management's best estimate, for the
effects of non-transterabibty, lack of dividend until vesting and
exercise restrictions.

The fair value calculations in both the current and prior years
have been externally assessed and deamed reasonable in
the circumstances,

After vesting, the Group satisfies share option exercises either
through the issuance of new ordinary shares, or through the
transfer of existing shares eld in the Company's EBT 10 the
employee Any share options not exercised upon vesting remain
outstanding until the end of the contracted exercise period

An associated employers social security tax ability on these
share options is acerued through the vesting period to align with
the payment due upon exercise. The value of this liability at the
balance sheet date is assessed by reference to the estimated
future share price on exercise, where applicable.

aiphafme.com

Ges beretits

‘The Group operates a profit share bonus and ather bonus
schemes that aim to pay employees a vercentage of an individual's
salary, subject to country or regional-level corporate performance
in the period, The profit snare is accrued at each reporting date,
based on management's best estimates of the staff bonuses to
be paid considering the overall financial performance and is
recognised as an employee benefit expense in the consolidated
statement of comprenensive income. The profit share and bonus
accrual is nat considered to be a significant estimate due to the
proximity and certainty of the payment at the reporting date.

Short-term empioyee benefits, including holiday pay and medical
care, are accrued as services are rendered

Earnings per share

The Group oresents basic and diluted earnings per share ("EPS"),
on both a statutory and adjusted basis. Basic EPS is caiculated
by dividing the profit or loss for the year attrioutable to ordinary
shareholders by the weighted average number of ordinary shares
outstanding during the year.

The Group applies the “treasury share method” in calculating the
weighted average number of gilutive ordinary shares used in the
calculation of diluted EPS, under which only the bonus element of
potentially dlutive shares is reflected in the denominator. Bonus
shares represent the number of shares that could de issued to
satisfy share option awards granted to employees under the Group’s
management incentive plan ("MIP") and employee incentive plan
(*EIP", net of shares covered by the assumed proceeds to be
received for these awards in the future. For further detail on these
plans, please see note 22.

These share options are only included in the calculation of dilutive
shares where the performance conditions, excluding employment
conditions, are deemed to be satistied at the balance sheet date.
The inclusion of such potentially dilutive shares is weighted based
on the period in which the share options were outstanding in the
year. Potentially dilutive shares are only treated as dilutive when
their conversion to ordinary shares would decrease EPS (or
increase logs per share).

For the purpose of calculating adjusted EPS the same adjustments
as sel cut in note 4 are made to the Group's profit for the
financial year.

Alternative performance measures

In order to prowde further information on the underlying performance
of the Group, the Group uses aiternative performance measures
(APMs") The measures are not defined under IFRS and they may
not be directly comparable with other companies’ adjusted measures.
These non-GAAP measures are not intended to be a subsiituie
for, oF superior to, any IFRS measures of performance, but nave
been included as the Directors consider them to be nelotul
measures Used within the business for assessing the underiying
performance of the Group across periods. The disciosure of
these measures within the financial staterments 1s designed 10
provide the user with additiona! relevant information, and to
supplement those measures disclosed uncer |FRS. The Group
performs a “econciliation for each APM, which includes disclosure
of the most arectly reconolable iine item, subtotal or total presented
under IFRS within the financial staternents. For further details
please refer to nate 4

Dividends

Gividends proposed by the Board are recogn'sed in the financial
statements when they have been approved by shareholders at
the AGM. Interm dividends are recognised when they are paid.


===== page 121 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 119

Audit exemptions for UK subsidiaries

Certain UK-registered subsidiaries have taken advantage of the
parent company guarantee exemption to prepare unaudited
accounts in accordance with s479A of the Companies Act 2006.
The name and registered number of each subsidiary taking
advantage of the audit exemption are shown below:

Registered
Company number
Aivig Limited 11480862
Axxsys Limited 04967647
Obsidian Sotutions Limited 09737564
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting MENA Limited 14638009

A full list of subsidiary undertakings is disclosed in note 2 of the
Company financial statements on pp 149-150

New accounting standards and interpretations

The following changes in accounting policies were applied by the
Group in these consolidated financial statements for the year
ended 31 March 2024, These included the adoption of new
standards and interpretations described below.

The International Accounting Standards Board ("IASB") anc
IFRS Interpretations Committee ("IFRIC") have issued the following
standards, amendments and interpretations, wnich are now effective:

— IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts, effective from 1 January 2023.
— Amendments to IFRS ‘7, effective from 1 January 2023.

— Disclosure of Accounting Policies (Amendments to IAS 1 and
IFRS Practice Statement 2), effective from 1 January 2023.

— Definition of Accounting Estimates (amendments to IAS 8),
effective from 1 January 2023.

— Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a
Single Transaction (Amendments to IAS 12), effective from
1 January 2023.

— International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules
(Amencments to AS 12) — Application of the exception
and disclosure of that fact, effective from 23 May 2023.

= international Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules
(Amencments to iAS 12} - other disclosure requiremerts,
affective from 1 January 2023.

~~ International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules
(Amendments to the IFRS for SMEs’ Standard), effective
from 29 September 2023 (not yet endorsed by the UK).

The Directors reviewed the nature and effect of these new
standards on the Group and noted no material impact on
the financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2024.

The following other standards, interpretations and amencments to
existing standards have been issued but were not mandatory for
accounting periods beginning on 1 Aoril 2023 and are not
expected 10 have a material impact on the Group:

— IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosures in financial statements,
effective from 1 January 2027 {not yet endorsed by the UX).

- Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-Current
(Amendments to iAS 1), effective from 1 January 2024.

— Lease Liability in a Sale anc Leaseback (Amendments to
IFRS 16), effective from 1 January 2024,

— Non-current Liabilities wth Covenants (Amendments tc IAS 1},
effective from 1 January 2024.

— Supplier Finance Arrangements (Amendments to IAS 7 and
IFRS 7}, effective from 1 January 2024.

— IFRS 19 Subsidiaries without Public Accountability, effective
from 1 January 2027 (not yet endorsed by the UK}.

— Lack of Exchangeability (Amendments to IAS 21), effective
from 1 January 2025 (not yet endorsed by the UK}

alphatme.com

z
F
FA
2
2
=
2
=
a
3
3
=
=



===== page 122 =====
120 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

2. Segmental information

Group management has determined the operating segments by considering the segment information that is reported internally to
the chief operating decision maker, the Board of Directors. For management purposes, the Group is currently organised into three
geographical operating divisions: UK, North America and Europe & APAC, which alows the Board to evaluate the nature and financial
effects of the business activities of the Group and the economic environments in whieh it operates.

‘The Group's operations all consist of one type: specialist consultancy and related services to the financial services indusiry. Revenues
associated with software licensing arrangements were not significant in both the current and prior years, Therefore, the Directors
consider that disaggregating revenue by cperating segments is most relevant to depict how the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty
of revenue and cash flows may be affected by economic factors.

North Europe &

uk America® APG Total
Fy 24 £000 £'000 £000 £'000
Revenue 91,547 91,359 52,565 235,471
Rechargeable expenses (353) (313) (680) (1,848)
Net fee income 91,194 90,546 51,885 233,625
Cost of sales (88,190) (62,219) (34.919) (198,328)
Gross profit 33,004 28,327 16,966 78,297
Margin on net fee income” (%) 36.2% 31.3% 82.7% 33.5%
Non-current assets 65,175 44,632 26,467 136,274

North Europe &

UK America® APAC® Total
Fy23 ©7000 £000 £000 £000
Revenue 87,467 91,815 49,435 228,717
Rechargeable expenses (327) 77) (518) (1,562)
Net fee income 87,140 91,098 48,917 227,155
Cost of sales 62,117) (61,104) (33,575) (146,796)
Gross profit 35,023 29,994 15,342 80,359
‘Margin on net fee income" (%) 40.2% 32.9% 31.4% 35.4%
Non-current assets 69,445 46,721 23,360 139,526

During the year, the Group did not have any customers that comprised more than 10% of the Group's revenues (FY 23: ni}.

3. Operating profit

FY 2a FY 23
Note £000 £000
Operating profit for the year is stated after charging:
Amortisation of intangible assets 12 4,325 4,762
Depreciation charge 714 2,769 1,933
Foreign exchange losses 331 459
Short-term lease expense 7 723 1,096
impairment provision recognised on trade receivables 18 28 y09
Defined contribution pension scheme costs 5 4,519 2,791
Share-based payment charge 22 7,337 7,950
Earn-out and deterred consideration 13 1122 2,525
Acquisition and integration costs 292 331
Restructuring costs 945 =
FY 24 FY 23
£000 £000
Auditor's remuneration:
Audit fees ~ parent company 155 123
Audit fees - subsidiary companies 465 370

Other assurance services - -

All Group auditor remuneration relates to audit fees. There were no additional advisory services provided by the auditor to the Group in
both the current and prior years

SY Margin on net fee incoma = gross prolt expressed as a percentage of not foe mneome, Please sofor to nots 4 for further detail on the Group's APs,

38 Wahin North America, the United States generated revenue of £78.0m (FY 23: £77.1m} and Canada generated revenue of £13.4en (FY 23: £14.7m),

99 Winn Eurone & APAD, Frarce 1s a miaienal courlry arg geroraiad reverve of £20," (FY 23 £18./m)

40 The eamn-out and deferred consideration expense inthe year comprises an employmentiked consideration charge of £,)s and an assaciated social security charge of $0:1m, offset by
afervaue adjsimest o£ Im See note 13 or Lurtherdeais,

alphafme.com


===== page 123 =====
Annuai Report & Accounts 2024 = 121

4. Reconciliations to alternative performance measures

Alpha uses alternative performance measures (‘APMs’) that are not defined uncer the requirements of IFRS. The APMs, including net
fee income, margin on net fee income, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted profit before tax, acjusted EPS, adjusted cash generated from
operations, adjusted cash conversion, organic net fee income growth and constant currency growth, are provided to allow stakeholders:
a further understanding of the underlying trading performance of the Group and aid comparability between accounting periods, These
measures have been presented consistently across reporting periods. They are not considered a substitute tor, or superior to, IFRS
measures, and may not be comparable across other companies. The exclusion of adjusting items in the Group's APMs may result in
adjusted profitability being materially higher when compared with the nearest equivalent statutory measures,

Net fee income

The Group disaggregates revenue into net fee income and expenses recharged to clients. Net fee income provides insight into the
Group's productive output and is used by the Board to set budgets and measure performance. This APM is reconciled to revenue on
the face of the consolidated statement of comprehensive income and by segment in note 2

Profit margins
Margin on net fee income and adjusied EBITDA margin are calculated using gross profit and adjusted EBITDA, expressed as a
percentage of net fee income. These represent the margin that the Group earns on its productive output, excluding nil or negligible
margin exoense recharge to clients over which the Group has limited control, and allows comparability of business outout between
periods. Such adjusted margins are used by senior management and the Board to assess the performance of the Group.

Reconciliation of adjusted profit before tax, adjusted operating profit and adjusted EBITDA

FY 24 FY 23

Note £000 £'000

Profit before tax 22,570 25,771
Amortisation of acquired intangible assets 12 4,325 4,576
Profit on disposal of fixed assets 4) 4)
Share-based payment charge 22 7.337 7,980
Earn-out and deferred consideration*’ 13, 4,122 2,525
Acquisition and integration costs 292 331
Restructuring costs 945 -
Foreign exchange losses 331 459
Adjusting items: 14,308 15,827
Non-underlying finance expenses 13 1,621 2417
Adjusted profit before tax 38,499 44,015
Net underlying finance expenses. 6 887 448
Adjusted operating profit 39,386 44,463
Depreciation charge 74 2,769 1,933
Amortisation of capitalised development costs 12 - 186
Adjusted EBITDA 42,155 46,582
Adjusted EBITDA margin (%) 18.0% 20.5%

Adjusting items
To assist in understanding the underlying performance of the Grouo and aid comparability between periods, management applies
judgement to exclude certain expense items from the Group's APMs, which are deemed to warrant separate disclosure due to either
their nature or size. Such adjusting items as described below are generally non-cash, non-recurring by nature or are acquisition related

Amortisation of acquired intangible assets and profit or loss on disposal of fixed assets are treated as adjusting items to better reflect
the underlying performance of the business, as they are non-cash items, pnncigally relating to acquisitions

‘The Group's share-based payment charge and related social security taxes are excluded from adjusted profit measures. This allows for
better comparability between pericds given the complexity of the assumptions underlying the calculation and the rnulti-year effect of
mid-cycle changes to certain assumptions being adjusted for on a cumulative basis, sometimes resulting in material fluctuations in the
charge between periods that are not reflective of the underlying operational performance of the business. The charge and related social
security taxes are also subject to external factors, such as the Group's share price, over which the Directors nave less day-to-day
infuence compared to other more directly controllable factors, This approach has been applied consistently across reporting periods.
Note 22 sets out further details af tne employee share-based payment sharge calculation under IFRS 2

The Group will continue to assess the status of tis charge as an adjusting item in the Group's financial statements, considering the

development of the charge, the Group and its remuneration policies. If no adjustment was made for the share-based payment charge,
adjusted EBITDA for the period would be £34.8m (FY 28: £38.6m) and adjusted EBITDA margin would be 14.9% (FY 23: 17.0%)

21, The earn-out and deferrod consideration expense in ihe year comprises ar amptoymant-lnked considersitor charge of £1 “4, ar assaciaied soval secuily charge of £0%m, offset
by a £0.1m fair value adjustmort, Refer to note 13 for turthor dotails,

alphatme.com

2
g
3
3
1
3
é



===== page 124 =====
122 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

4. Reconciliations to alternative performance measures Continued

As per note 13, the acauisitions of Shoreline in the year, and Liongoint in FY 22, involved both deferred and contingent payments.
‘Some of these acquisition payments are dependent on the ongoing employment of certain members of the respective senior management
teams, and this element is expensed annually over several years unti tne date of payment. These costs have been treated as adjusting
ites as they are acquisition related, reflecting tne acquisition terms rather than the Group's trading performance. Additionally, where
there is a change te the expected future payments or discount rates, a fair value adjustment to the liability is recorded in the income
statement. Whilst these acquisition-related costs will recur in the short term through the earn-out periods, the adjustment aliows
comparability of underlying productive output and operating performance of the Group across reporting periods.

Other acouisition and integration costs expensed in the year relate to the acauisition of Shoreline, including due diligence, legal fees
and integration costs. Whilst further similar acquisition and integration costs could be incurred in the future, these costs are not directly
attributable to the ongoing operational trading performance of the Group. The timing and amount of such costs may vary and treating
these as an adjusting item allows camaarability of the operating performance across reporting periods

Restructuring costs in FY 24 relate to a specific UK-focused redundancy programme, which aims to support retuming the business
to more normal levels of utilisation and profitability, given the more competitive market environment. These costs are non-recurring
and, therefore have been treated as an adjusting item to allow comparability of the underlying performance of the Group.

‘Tre impact of foreign currency volatiity in transiating local working capital and cash balances to their relevant functional currencies
has been excluded from the calculation of adjustad profit measures on the basis that such exchange rate movements do not reflect
the underlying trends or operational performance of the Group. The foreign exchange movements were immaterial in both the current
and prior years,

Non-underlying finance expenses

In calculating adjusted profit before tax, unwinding of the discounted contingent and deferred acquisition consideration within
finance expenses is considered non-underlying as these amounts relate to acquisition consideration, rather than the Group's
underlying trading performance.

Adjusted profit before tax

Adjusted profit before tax is an APM calculated as profit before tax stated before adjusting items, including amortisation of acquired
intangible assets, share-based payment charge, acauisition-related payments and costs, non-underlying finance expenses and other
non-underlying expenses. This measure allows comparability of the Group's underlying performance, reflecting depreciation, amortisation
of capitalised development costs and underlying finance oxpenses.

Adjusted operating profit

Agjusted operating profit is an APM defined by the Group as adjusted profit before tax before charging underlying finance expenses,
including fees on bank loans and interest on lease liabilities. The Directors consider this metric alongside statutory operating profit to
allow further understanding and comoarabilty of the underlying operating performance of the Group between geriods, This measure
has been consistently used as the oasis for adjusted cash conversion

Adjusted EBITDA

Adjusted EBITDA is a commen used operating measure, which is defined by the Group as adjusted operating profit stated before
non-cash items, including amortisation of capitalised development costs and the depreciation charge. Acjusted EBITDA is a measure
that is used by management and the Board to assess underlying tracing performance across the Group, and forms the basis of the
performance measures for aspects of remuneration, including cansultant profit share and bonuses.

Adjusted profit after tax

Adjusted profit after tax is similarly used to allow a further understanding of the underlying performance of tne Group. Adjusted profit
after tax is stated before adjusting items and their associated tax effects. The associated tax effects are calculated by applying the
relevant effective tax rate to the adjusting items. Anil effective tax rate has been applied to earn-out and deferred consideration,
acquisition costs and nan-underlying finance expenses totaling £2.0m as these items are treated as capital in nature and are therefore
non-deductiole for tax purposes, An overall effective tax rate of 26.0% has been applied to all other adjusting items totaling $42.9m,
reflecting the tax rates in the geographical locations to which the items relate.

FY 24 FY 2g

£7000 £000

Adjusted profit before tax 38,499 44,015
Tax charge 6,723) (7.810)
Tax impact of adjusting items. (3,289) (2.976)
Adjusted profit after tax 28,487 33,229

alphatme.com


===== page 125 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 123

Adjusted earnings per share

Adjusted earnings per share ('FPS') is calculated by dividing the adjusted profit after tax for the year attributable to ordinary shareholders
by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year. Adjusted diluted EPS is calculated by dividing adjusted
profit after tax by number of shares as above, adjusted for the impact of potentially dilutive ordinary shares. Potentialy dilutive ordinary
shares are only treated as dilutive when their conversion to ordinary shares would decrease EPS (or increase loss per share). Refer to
note 11 for further detail.

FY 24 FY23
Adjusted EPS (p) 24,90 29.27
Adjusted diluted EPS (p) 23.34 2737

Reconciliation of adjusted administration expenses

To express them on the same basis as the APMs described above, adjusted administration expenses are stated before adjusting items,
depreciation and amortisation of capitalised develooment costs and are used by the Beard to monitor the underlying administration
expenses of tre business in calculating acjusted EBITDA.

FY 24 FY 23,

Note £000 £000

Administration expenses 53,219 51,723
Adjusting items (14,308) (15,827) RW
Depreciation charge 714 2.769) 933)
Amortisation of capitalised development costs 12 - cee
Adjusted administration expenses 36,142 sar
3

Adjusted cash generated from operations
Agjusted cash generated from operations excludes the operating cash flow impact of adjusting items, such as employment-inked
acquisition payments and associated social security taxes, other acquisition and integration costs paid in the period, and restructuring
costs. This is to reflect the Group’s underlying operating cash flows on a consistent basis with adjusted profit measures.

FY 24 FY 23"

£000 £000
Cash generated from operations 20,408 43,875
Employment-linked acquisition payments“? 1,923 1,981
Acquisition and integration costs 292 331
Restructuring costs 945 -
Adjusted cash generated from operations 23,568 46,187

Adjusted cash conversion
Cash conversion is stated as cash generated from operations expressed as a percentage of operating profit

Adjusted cash conversion is stated as adjusted cash generated from operations expressed as a percentage of adjusted operating profit.

FY 24 FY 29%
Cash conversion 81% 153%
Adjusted cash conversion 60% 104%

Organic net fee income growth

Organic net fee income growth excludes net fee income from acquisitions in the 12 menths following acquisition. Net fee income from
any acquisition made in the period is excluded from organic growth. For acquisitions made part way through the comparative period,
the current perlod’s net fee Income contribution is reduced to include only net fes income for the period following the acquisition
anniversary, in order to compare organic growth on a like-for-like basis.

Organic net fee income growth of 1.8% (FY 23: 39.6%) for the current period represents FY 24 net fee income less £2. 3m of net fee
income attributable to Shoreline, treated as inorganic.

42 The Group has refined the definition of adjustad cash gererated tram operations to exclude tax paid in the year. This allows for greater consistency as adjusted operating profit, used as
Ihe doremmator ir tha galcu'alor for adjusted cash conversion. 8 before lax Addiliorally hs approach is ine wilh comoarabie companies ard allows ease of comparison against
hese companias, The FY 23 comparative has been restated or Ihis new basis {0 allow for comparabilty belweer years.

23 Employmentinked acquisition payments of £!.9m comprises £1.8m of acquisition consideration classified as employment-inked and €0.1m of associated social security payments,

44 FY 23 cash conversion and adjusted cash conversion hava bean restated to exclude tax paid in the year, reflecting the Group's rinad defintion of adjusted cash generated from
‘operations, as expiained above.

atphafme.com


===== page 126 =====
124 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

4, Reconciliations to alternative performance measures continued
Constant currency growth

‘The Group operates in muttiple jurisdictions and generates revenues and prolits in various currencies. Results are translated on consolidation
at the average foreign exchange rates prevailing in that period. These exchange rates vary trom year to year, so the Group presents
‘some of its results on a “constant currency” basis, This megns that the current year’s results have been retranslated using the average
‘exchange rates from the prior year te allow for comparison of year-on-year results, eliminating the effects of changes in exchange rates.

Currency translation had an impact on both net fee income and gross profit in the year, primarily in North America, as a resutt of a
strengthening &ritish pound sterling through the year. in the year, British pound sterling averaged USD 1.26 (FY 23: USD 1.21), and
CAD 1.69 (FY 23: CAD 1.59), whilst it was flat against the euro at an average of €1.16 (FY 28: €1.16).

Ona constant currency basis, Group net fee income would be £238.0m, which is growth of 4.8% overall. Similarly, North America
Net fee income would be £94.5m and Europe & APAC would be £52.2m which would be growth of 3.8% and 6.9% respectively.

On a similar basis the Group’s gross profit would have besn £79.6m representing a 0.9% decrease, as opposed to @ 2.6% decrease
on a reported basis.

§. Staff costs
‘The average number af employees employed by the Group, where “employees” mcludes Executive Directors but excludes contractors, was:

FY 24 FY 23
Number Number
UK 377 320
North America 321 272
Europe & APAC 2a 210
Administration 122 107
‘Average number of employees in the year 1,061 909
Total staff costs included in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income were:
FY 24 FY 23
£7000 £7000
Wages, salaries and short-term benefits 129,985 119,432
Social security costs 12.281 11,144
Pension costs 4.519 2791
Share-based payment charge 7.937 7.980
Total staff costs for the year 154,032 141,317
Statf costs in relation to key management personnel, as defined in note 25, were:
FY 24 FY 23,
£000 £'000
Wages, salaries and short-term benefits 3,025, 3,468
Social security costs a4 504
Pension costs 83 105
Share-based payment charge 1,631 2,991
Total staff costs for key management personnel for the year 5,153 7,068

Directors’ remuneration
Detailed disclosures in respect of Directors’ rernureration are provided in the Remuneration Committee report on op 84-84. Further
disclosures are provided here to comply with the requirements of Schedule 5 of the Large and Medium-sized Companies and Groups
(Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008.

The total aggragate remuneration of the Directors of the Company for the year ended 31 March 2024 was £.1,844,000 (FY 23: £2,966,000},
including gains on the exercise of share options of £644,000 {FY 23: £1,648.000). On this same basis, the aggregate remuneration of the
highest paid Director for the year ended 31 March 2024 was £1,210,000 (FY 28: £1,973,000)

‘The share option gains disclosed above Giffer fram the gains of £1,154,000 (FY 23: £366,000) disclosed m the single-figure tabie provided
in the Remuneration Committee report on p. 91 because they are calculated based on share options exercised in the year, whereas the
amounts in the single-figure table are calculated based on share options vested in the year. Additionally, the FY 23 aggregate remuneration
disclosed above also includes £1,973,000 relating to Euan Fraser, which Is exciuded from the single-figure table n the Remuneration
Committee report as he stepped down from the Board on 3t March 2023. This aggregate amount for Euan Fraser compnses salary and
bonus of £694,000, pension costs of £19,000 and gains on share options exercised of £1,260,000. All other components of remuneration
are on a consistent basis with the amounts disclosed in the singie-figure table in the Remuneration Committee report.

AS at 31 March 2024, one Director (FY 23: one Director) was accruing benefits under a defined contritution pension scheme.

alphafme.com


===== page 127 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 125

6. Finance income and expenses

FY 24 FY 23

Note £'000 £7000

Bank interest receivable 346 364
Tota! finance income 346 364
interest and fees payable on bank loans (925) (598)
Interest on lease liabilities 7 (308) 216)
Total underlying finance expenses (1,233) (812)
Non-underlying finance expenses 13 (1,621) (2,417)
Total finance expenses (2,854) (3,228)
Net underlying finance expenses (887) (448)
Net finance expenses (2,508) {2,865)

The Group holds one principal bank facility comprising a £50.0m committed RCF with Lloyds and HSBC with a tenor to June 2026.
This facility is subject to two independent financial covenants relating to interest cover and net debt ratios, which were complied with
through the year.

‘The Group has utlised up to a maximum of £17.8m of the facility, drawn down occasionally through the year to meet short-term
currency requirements. The facility was undrawn as at 31 March 2024, and the Group remains in a strong net cash position of £29.4rm,
An RCF drawcawn and corresponding repayment of £10.2m is reported in the consolidated statement of cash flows as certain amounts
have been presented on a net basis where amounts have been Grawn down and repaid within three months.

7. Leases
Right-of-use assets
Equipment
Buildings under lease Total
£000 £000 £7000
Net book value
Asat 1 April 2022 2,301 3 2,304
Additions 2,871 ~ 2,671
Effect of modifications to lease terms 209 - 209
Depreciation charge (1,386) (3) (1,389)
Foreign exchange adjustments 213 - 213
As at 31 March 2023 4,008 - 4,008
Additions 1,633 ~ 1,683
Effect of modifications to lease terms (1,106) ~ (1,106)
Depreciation charge 2,131) ~ (2,131)
Foreign exchange adjustments (71) ~ (71)
As at 31 March 2024 2,333 ~ 2,333

Right-of-use asset additions of £1.6m relate to various new office leases across the UK and North America, following the expiry
of certain leases during the year. These additions are partly offset by lease modifications of £1.1m, primarily relating to the early exit
of an office lease in the UK.

Lease liabi
A summary of the Group's undiscaunted lease liabilities as at 31 March 2024 is presented below:

ies

FY 24 FY 23

£000 £000
Due within one year 1,870 2,158
Due between one and five years 1,266 2,391
Due after five years - 60
Total iease liabilities — undiscounted 2,836 4,609
Impact of discounting (276) (448)
Total lease lial 5 - discounted 2,560 4,161

aiphatme.com

7
3
a
3
3.
2
2
2
s
2
a
2
a



===== page 128 =====
126 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

7. Leases continued

Amounts recognised in the Group's consolidated statement of comprehensive income

FY 24 FY 23
£7000 £7000
Depreciation of right-of-use asset (2.131) (1,389)
Short-term lease expense (723) (1,096)
Low-value lease expense - -
Variable service charges (19) 4)
Included in administration expenses (2,973) (2,539)
Interest expense on lease habilities (308) 236)
Included in finance expenses (208) (216)

Total cash rental payments made in the year on all lease tenors amounted to £3.0m (FY 23: £2.6mn), of which £2.3m (FY 23: £1.57}
related to lease liabilities and £0.7m {FY 23: £1.1m) related to short-term leases.

‘The Group has given consideration to any extension options and early termination options with reasonable certainty, and these have
been reflected within the lease liabilities where appropriate

The Group has no material income or expenses associated with suo-leasing arrangements, sale-and-leaseback transactions, or
variable lease payments,

8. Taxation
FY 24 FY 23
£000 £7000
Current tax
tn respect of the current year ~ UK 3,130 3,660
Foreign taxation 5,495 8,059
Adjustment in respect of prior periods (196) (642)
Deferred tax
In respect of the current year - UK (1.344) (1,995)
Foreign taxation 9 (1,380)
‘Change in tax rate on opening balance - a
Adjustment in respect of prior periods (371) (100)
Total tax expense for the year 6,723 7,810

The Finance Act 2022 increased the main rate of corparation tax in the UK to 25% from 1 April 2023, The UK deferred tax balances as
disclosed in note $ reflect this substantively enacted rate in the current and prior years.

In addition to the tax expense for the year ended 31 March 2024, the Group has also recognised a total charge of £0.8m {FY 23: £2.4m
credit) of tax through equity, comprising a charge of 1.4m (FY 23: £0.9m credit) relating to deterred tax on share options outstanding,
partly offset by a credit of £0.6m (FY 23: £1.5m) relating to current tax on the exercise of share options in the year. Additionally, a £0.1m
oredit (FY 23: £0.4m charge) was recognised through other comprehensive income, relating to the deferred tax impact of foreign
exchange fluctuations on acquired intangible assets.

alphatme.com


===== page 129 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 127

The cifference between the total tax expense shown above and the amount calculated by applying the standare rate of UK corporation
tax to the profit before tax is as follows:

FY 24 FY 23
000 £000
Profit before taxation 22,570 25,771
Tax on profit on ordinary activities at standard UK corporation tax rate of 25% (FY 23: 19%) 5,643 4,896
Effects of
Fixed asset differences - (24)
Income not taxable (155) -
Expenses not deductible for taxation 1,064 1,252
Differences due to overseas tax rates 375 2,202
Adjustments in respect of prior periods — current tax (196) (442)
Adjustments in respect of prior periods - deferred tax (371) (160)
Deferred tax not recognised 182 -
Change in deferred tax rate 79 26
Other 102 -
Total tax expense for the year 6,723 7,810

Expenses not deductibie for taxation relate mainly to employmentinked acquisition consideration, associated discount unwinding and
other acquisition-related costs, treated as capital for tax purposes.

z
S
Py
3
Ea}
2
2
ES
s
E
3
2
a

9. Deferred tax
Movements in deferred tax
As at 31 March 2024

Impact of
Acquired foreign
during the exchange Recognised + Recognised
year revaluation in income inequity 31 March 2024
. £'000 £7000 £000 000 £7000
Accelerated capital allowances (128) - - 20 - (108)
Short-term timing differences 2,018 - (2) 198) - 1,818
Share options 5,298 - - 868 1,413) 4,753
Arising on business combinations 6.938) 378) 6 1,016 - (6,239)
Net deferred tax asset 250 (378) 59 1,706 (1,413) 224
As at 31 March 2023
Impact of
Acquired foreign
during the exchange Recognised Recognised
1 April 2022 year revaluation in income inequity 31 March 2023
i £000 £7000 £°000 £7000 £000
Accelerated capital allowances (110) - - (18) - 128)
Short-term timing differences 690 - 3) 7,381 - 2,018
Share options 3,213 - - 1,215 870 5,298
Arising on business combinations (7,453) - (374) 889 - (6,938)
Net deferred tax {liability)/asset (3,660) - (427) 3,467 870 250

Deterred tax assets recognised within these consolidated financial statements mainly represent the future tax effect of share-based
payment charges in respect of awards that have yet to be exercised or released. Deductions in excess of the cumulative share-based
payment charge recognised in the conscidated staternent of comprehensive income are recognised in equity. Other deferred tax
assets recognised relate to timing differences on deductions for tax purposes and as such there is no restriction on recoverability.

Deferred tax liabilities pnmaniy represent temporary differences between the accounting and tax treatments of acquired intangiole
assets, As the intangible assets are amorlised, the deferred tax liabilties decrease, with changes being recognised in the consolidated
statement of comprehensive income. Any deferred tax liabilities recognised in respect of foreign currency intangiole assets are
re-translated at each balance sheet date, consistent with the treatment of the asscciated intangiole assets.

alphafme.com


===== page 130 =====
128 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

9. Deferred tax continued

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset where there is a legally enforceable right to do so and when the deferred taxes relate to the
same fiscal authority. The delow tabie sets out the deferred tax asset and the net deferred tax lability, as presented in the consolidated
statement of financial position:

FY 26 FY23
£900 £000
Deferred tax liabilities (2,442) 2,783)
Deterred tax assets 2,086 3,033
Net deferred tax asset 224 250
10. Dividends
Amounts recognised as distributions to equity holders:
FY 24 FY23
£000 £000
Final dividend for the year ended 31 March 2023 of 10.50p (FY 22: 7.60p} per share 12,010 8547
Interim dividend for the year ended 31 March 2024 of 3.70p (FY 23: 3.70p) per share 4,236 4,227
Total dividends paid in the year 16,248 12,774

in view of the recommended cash offer to acquire Alpha by Bidco, a newly incorporated indirect subsidiary of certain funds managed
by Bridgepoint, the Board is not recommending a final dividend. If the acquisition does not complete, it is expected that the Board
would declare a final dividend in respect of FY 24 at a later daie

11. Earnings per share and adjusted earnings per share

The Group presents basic and atiuted earnings per share {"EPS"}, an bath a statutory and adjusted basis. Basic EPS is calculated by
dividing the profit or loss for the year attributable to ordinary shareholders by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding
during the year. In the calculation cf dituted EPS the Group applies the treasury share method fo include the impact of potentially dilutive
shares arising from the Group's share option oians. For further detail on the Group's accounting policy see note 1

In order to reconcile to the agjusted profit after tax, the same adjustments as set out in note 4 have been made to tHe Group's profit for
the financial year. The profits and weighted average number of shares used in the calculations are set aut below:

Note FY 24 FY 23
Basic and diluted EPS

Profit for the financial year (000) 15,847 17,961
Weightec average number of ordinary snares in issue (000) 114,398 113,531
Number of dilutive shares (’000) 7,658 7,883
Weighted average number of ordinary shares, including dilutive shares ('000} 122,056 421,414
Basic EPS (p) 13.85 15.82
Diluted EPS (p) 12.98 14.79
Adjusted EPS and adjusted diluted EPS

Adjusted profit atter tax (£000) 4 28,487 33,229
Weighted average number of ardinary shares in issue ('000) 114,398 113,531
Number of dilutive shares (’000) 7,658 7,883
Weighted average number of ordinary shares, including dilutive shares (000) 122,056 124,414
Adjusted EPS {p} 24.90 29.27
Adjusted diluted EPS (p) 23.34 27.37

atphatme.com


===== page 131 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 129

12. Goodwill and intangible fixed assets
Goodwill

FY 24 FY 23
Movements in the year Note £000 £'000
Cost at beginning of the year 103,676 100,997
Adgitions 13 2711 -
(Losses)/gains from foreign exchange (1,208) 2,685
Gost at end of the year 105,179 103,676

Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the Group's share of the net identifiable assets of
the acquired subsidiary at the date of acquisition. In line with IAS 21 para 47, goodwill arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation
is held in local currency and is retranslated into the Group's presentational currency at each reporting date using the closing foreign
exchange rate.

Additions in the year of £2.7m to goodwill relate to the Group's acquisition of Shoreline Consulting Ply Ltd, Shoreline Consolidated Pty
Ltd and their subsidiaries (“Shoreline”), a boutique consuitancy that provides services to the asset and wealth management sector in
APAG. This goodwil represents asses that do not qualify for separate recognition and includes the assembled workforce and the
expected synergy benefits of combining the talents of the Shoreline team into the Group.

In prior years, goodwill was recognised ugon the acquisitions of Aloha FMC Group Holdings Ltd in February 2016, TrackTwo GmbH in
July 2017, Axxsys Ltd in June 2019, Obsidian Soiutions Lid in Novernber 2019 and Lionpoint Holdings, Inc. in May 2021

In ling with IAS 36 para 96, the carrying value of goodwill is not subject to systematic amortisation but is reviewed at least annually for
impairment. The review aSsesses each group of CGUs to which goodwill has been allocated for impairment by comparing the carrying

value of the units, including tne goodwill, with the recoverable amount of the units. The carrying values of goodwill have been assessed
by reference 1o value in use. These have been estimated using cash flows from forecasts preoared by Management around the balance
sheet date.

Fy
Fy
3
3
2
=
s
3
3
2
&

The CGUs have been grouped in line with the Group's operating segments as this is the level at which goodwill is monitored by
management. Therefore, the groups of CGUs considered for impairment testing are UK, North America and Europe & APAC.

FY 24 Fy 23
Allocation of goodwill £000 £'000
UK $2,082 52,082
North America 31,961 32,626
Europe & APAC 21,136 18,968
At end of the year 105,179 103,676

Key assumptions - impairment testing
The principal assumptions considered to be individually significant for tne purposes of calculating the value in use far each CGU include
the assumed underlying trading used to estimate the future CGU cash flows, taking into account future CGU growth rates and margins,
and the pre-tax discount rate used to convert these estimated cash flows to present value.

In all cases, the budget for the following financial year farms the basis for the cash-flow projections for a CGU. These near-term FY 25
budget assumptions were sensitised to account for the inherent uncertainty associated with forward-lvoking cash-llow projections.

The cash-flow projections for the four years subsequent to the oucget year reflect the Directors’ expectations of the medium-term
operating performance of the CGU and the growth prospects in the CGU's market, reflecting a range of factors relevam to the specitic
circumstances of each CGU, Underlying revenue growth assumptions for the period FY 26 to FY 29 range from an average annual
growth of 5.5% to 11.6% over the medium term and are assessed on a period-by-period basis reflecting market conditions. They include
the relative size of each CGU and the maturity level of operations in the territory in the determination of the future estimated cash flows
for value in use

Thereafter, a perpetuity long-term growth sate is apolied ranging between 1.0% and 1.9% depending on the GGU, based on longer-term
economic outlooks of nese economies and the Directors’ longer-term assessment of tne prospects of those businesses.

To discount these cash tlows to present value, CGU specific pre-tax discount rates have been applied to reflect the market assessment
of the time value of money and the specific risk profile of each CGU, including consideration of the relative size of each CGU, the maturity
level of operations in the territory and tocai market risk metrics. The Group bases its estimate for the pre-tax discount rate on its weighted
average cost of capital. The weighted average pre-tax discount rate for the Group was determined to be 14.6% (FY 23: 14.795}. CGU
specific discount rates have been applied to reflect CGU specific risks.

The Group hes considered associated costs of climate change and cecarborusation when forecasting future cash flows.

alphafme.com


===== page 132 =====
130°) Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

12. Goadwill and intangible fixed assets continued
The table below sumrnarises the assumptions used for each CGU:

Pre-tax discount rate growth rate Long-term growth rate
FY 24 FY 23 FY 24 FY 23 FY 24 FY 23
UK 14.7% 14.8% 5.5% 5.5% 1.0% 0.8%
North America 15.5% 15.3% 11.6% 11.8% 19% 1.6%
Europe & APAC 13.1% 12.8% 7.1% 71% 1.3% 1.4%

Sensitivity
The Group has considered a range of factors in relation to the value in use estimate for each CGU

in the assessing goodwill impairment review, discount rates applied would have to increase to between 30.9% and 47.5% dependent on
the CGU to result in value in use headroom faling to nil for any CGU. The Directors consider that no reasonably possible change to he
long-term growth rates could result in impairment of goodwill for any CGU given the assumptions, summarised in the table above,

Management does not expect a material change to the discount rate in any of its CGUs as presented for the year ended 31 March 2024.
As such, in order to address inherent uncertainty surrounding forward-looking cash-flow assumptions, the Group has applied sensitivity
analysis to identity the point ta which growth wouid have to fallin order to reduce headroom to nil, As such, the assumed medium-term
annual growth rate for the period from FY 26 to FY 29 would need to be an annual decrease of (20.0% and (30.9%), depending on the
‘CGU, for the value in use headroom te fall to nil.

Variations in inflation levels are not significant in the impairment sensitivity analysis, given the level of headroom available to each CGU

‘The Directors have considered whether a reasonably possible change in the assumptions would erode the headroom or give rise to. a
material adjustment to any carrying value in the next 12 months. The Directors do nat consider that a reasonably possible change in
assumptions could result in a reduction in headroom to nil for any CGU,

Intangible fixed assets

As at H March 2024

Capitalised
Order Customer _Intellectuat Trade development
backlog relationships property name costs Total
£°000 £000 £7900 £000 s'000 e000
Cost
At the start of the year 2,580 96,205 3,388 9,120 4,819 53,112
Additions - 1,729 - - at 2,040
Exchange difference 24) (225) - (60) ~ (299)
At the end of the year - total 2,558 37,709 3,388 9,070 2130 54,853
Amortisation
At the start of the year (2,580) (15,145) (2,602) (3.378) (1,819) (25,524)
Charge for the year - (3,269) (281) (775) - (4,328)
Exchange difference 24 a7 - 8 - 69
At the end of the year - total (2,556) (18,377) 2,883) (6,145) (1,819) (29,780)
Net book value - 19,332 505 4,925 3 25,073

alphafme.com


===== page 133 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 = 131

Ag at 31 Mareh 2023

Capitalised
‘Order Customer Intellectual Trade development
backlog relationships property name costs Total
7: £'000 £7000 £000 £7000 £000
Cost
At the start of the year 2,192 35,652 3,388 8,982 1.819 $2,033
Additions 319 - ~ - - ng
Exchange difference 69 993 - 138 - 760
At the end of the year — total 2,580 36,205 3,388, 9,120 1,819 53,112
Amortisation
At the start of the year (2,072) (12,083) (2,141) (2,777) (1,633) (20,700)
Charge for the year (468) (3,044) (461) (603) (186) (6,762)
Exchange difference (40) (18) - @ - (62)
At the end of the year — total (2,580) (15,145) (2,602) 8,378) 1,819) (25.524)
Net book value = 21,060 786 5,742 - 27,588

Customer relationships
Customer relationships at the start of the year represent the total of the fair value at the acquisition dates of the customer relationshios
that were owned by, but not previously recognised as assets of. Alpha FMC Group Holdings Ltd in FY 16, TrackTwo GmbH in FY 18,
Obsidian Solutions Ltd and Axxsys Ltd in FY 20 and Lionpeint Holdings, Inc. in FY 22.

Additions in the year of £1.7m to customer relationships relate to the acauisition by the Group of Shoreline Consulting Pty Ltd,
Shoreline Consolidated Pty Ltd and their subsidiaries.

The fair value has been cetermined by appiying the multi-period excess earnings method to the cash flows expected to be earned from
customer relationships. The key management assumptions are around forecast revenues, operating margins and discount factors. The
value is given by the present value of the earnings the customer relationships generate, net of a reasonable return on other assets also

contributing to that stream of earnings (contrioutory asset charges).

nm
a
5
3.
2
B
g
3
@
2
&

A.useful economic He of 4-12 years has been deemed appropriate based on the average realisation rate of cumulative cash flows and
benchmarked data for each raspective acquisition. Projected cash flows have been discounted over this period. The amortisation
charge is recognised in administration expenses within the consolidated statement of comprehensive income

Intellectuat property

intellectual property at the start of the year represents the fair value at the 3 February 2016 acquisition date of the intellectual oroperty
which was owned by, but not previously recognised as assets of, Ajona FMC Group Holdings Lt, intellectual property acquired as part
of the TrackTwo GmbH acquisition in FY 18, and those acquired on the acquisition of Axxsys Ltd and Obsidian Solutions Ltd in FY 20.

The fair value has been determined by applying the relief from royalty method to the cash flows earned from the intellectual property.
The key management assumptions are around growth forecasts, discount factors and royalty percentage utilised. A useful economic life
of seven years has been deemed appropriate based on previous acquisitions and benchmarking data. Projected cash flows nave been
discounted over this period. The amortisation charge is recognised in administration expenses within the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income.

Trade name
Trade name intangible assets at the start of the year represent the fair value at the 3 February 2016 acquisition date of the trade name,

which was cwned by, but not previously recognised as an asset of, Aloha FMC Group Holdings Ltd, and those acquired on the
acquisition of Axxsys Ltd and Obsidian Solutions Ltd in FY 20 and Lionpoint Holdings, Inc. in FY 22.

The fair value has been determined oy applying the relief from royalty method to the cash flows earned from the trade name. The key
management assumptions are around growth forecasts, discount factors and royalty percentage utilised. A useful economic life of 415
years nas been deemed appropriate based on previous accuisitions anc benchmarking data. Projected cash flows have been discounted
over this period. The amorisation charge is recognised in administration expenses within the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

alphatme.com


===== page 134 =====
132 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

12. Goodwill and intangible fixed assets continued

Capitalised development costs

Capitalised development costs represent the costs incurred in the development of Aiviq's client data and analytics software platform.
Additions of £0.3m in the year relate to capitalised expenditure by Aivia in March 2024.

The remaining useful lives at 31 March 2024 of each of the respective asset Classes acquired on acquisition above are summarised in
the table below.

Capitalised
Customer Intellectual development

retationships property Tradonamo costs,

Acquired entity (years) (years) (years) (years)
Alpha FMC Group Holdings 38 - 68 -
TrackTwo GmbH 43 os - -
Axxsys ~ UK 62 - 10 -
Axxsys ~ North America/Nordies 72 - 10 -
Obsidian Solutions - 26 - -
Lionpoint - UK 92 - 35 -
Lionpoint - North America 92 - 3.5 -
Lionpoint - Europe & APAC 8.2 - 35 -
Shoreline - Europe & APAC 104 - - -
Aivig - UK - = - 3.0

The Group reviews the remaining useful lives of its intangible assets on at least an annual basis. During the year, the remaining useiul
tives of certain customer relationship and trade name intangible assets were shortened to best reflect the Group's expected usage of
these assets going forward. These revisions did not hava a matenal effect on the amortisation charge in the year and are not expected
to have a material effect on the annual amortisation charge in future years,

13. Acqui

Acquisitions in the year

ion of businesses

Shoreline

Gn 1 May 2023, the Group reached an agreement to acquire 100% of the issued share capital of Shoreline Consulting Pty Lid and
Shoreline Consolidated Pty Lic and its subsidiaries (together, “Shoreline’}, & boutique consultancy that provides services to the asset
and wealth management sector in APAC, on a cash free, debt free basis. The Directors consider that the acquisition enables Alpha to
reinforce Our position and take advantage of opportunities in the APAC region.

‘The maximum potential cash consideration payable by the Group pursuant to the acauisition agreement was AUD 13.0m {E6.8m),
allocated between AUD 8.0m (£4.2m) non-cantingent cash consideration and @ contingent eam-out structure up to a maximum of
AUD 5.0m (£2.6m), payable in several instalments.

Subsequent to the acquisition date, in light of market conditions and performance, an agreement with the founders was reached to
Modify the terms of the earn-out agreement. This agreement has reduced the maximum amount of earn-out consideration available from
AUD 5.0m {£2.6m} to AUD 3.1m (£1.67) with modified earn-out targets, payable in July 2026, 2027 anc 2028.

The fair vaiue of consideration recognised on the date of acquisition, excluding emplayrent linked amounts, amounted to AUD 8.2m
(£4.3m), of which AUD 4.5m (£2.4m) relates to initial cash consideration paid, AUD 0.2m (£0.1m) relates to additional amounts paid

in the year in relation to completion working capital, AUD 2.4m (©1.2m) relates to deferred consideration, and AUD 1.1m (£0.6m) relates
te discounted contingent consideration,

initial consideration was funded from the Group's cash reserves, with any remaining deferred and contingent consideration amounts
expecied to be settied in cash, with the option to settle a partion of the deferred amounts in the Group's ordinary shares.

alphatme.com


===== page 135 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 133

Asummary of the purchase Consideration, net assets acquired, identifiable intangible assets and goodwill is set out below. These fair
values are determined by using established estimation techniques such as income-based Ciscounted cash flow models.

Fair value Values on
Book values adjustments. acquisition
Shoreline £000 £000 £000
Acaquiree’s net assets at the acquisition date:
Customer relationships - 1,729 1,729
Trade and other receivables 768 - 768
Cash and cash equivalents 92 - 92
Trade anc other payables (636) - (636)
Deferred tax asset/(liabilily) 54 (432) (378)
Net identifiable assets acquired 278 1,297 1,575
Cash consideration relating to business combination 4,286
Goodwill on acquisition (see note 12) 2,711

Of the total maximum potential amounts payable, £0.9m was classified as employment-linked because these payments are conditional
on the continuing employment of certain Shoreline employees. These employment-linked acquisition payments are expensed through
profit or loss proportionately until the relevant payment date, based on the amounts expected to be paid, taking into consideration
expected performance against earn-out targets. During tne year, the Group has expensec £0.2m in relation to these employment-linked
payments through the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, with £0.1m paid in the year.

g
g
8
3
3
2
&

Delerred and contingent consideration 's discounted to fair value, Discount unwinding is recognised as a finance expense proportionately
across the periods until final payment, During the year, £0.1m of discount unwinding was expensed as a non-underiying finance cost in
relation to the Shoreline acouisition consideration

A fair vaiue adjustment of £0.1m was recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income at 31 March 2024 to reflect
the modified earn-cut agreement and revised payment timings described above.

As consideration for the acquisition of Shoreline is payable in Australian dollars, foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised at
each reporting date in relation to translating these liabilities into pound sterling, in the period, the Group recognised a smal! foreign
exchange gain through other comprehensive income in relation to the re-translation of these tiahilties.

As at 3t March 2024, a £2.1m liability is recorded, of which £0.9m is current and £1.2m is non-current,

‘Shoreline contributed £2.3m to the Group's revenue in the year and had an immaterial impact on the Group's profit after tax for the year from
the date of acquisition to 31 March 2024. If the acquisition of Shoreline had been completed on 1 April 2023, Group revenues for the
year would have been £235.7m with an immaterial impact on the Group profits after tax, without adjustment to amortisation assumptions,

Acquisition and integration costs of £0.3m related to the Shoreline acquisition are inctuded within administration expenses as detailed
in note 4.

alphatme.com


===== page 136 =====
134. Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

13. Acquisition of businesses continued

Acquisitions in previous years

Lionpomt

Agat 31 March 2023, the Group held a liabiity of £24.9m in relation to future deferred and contingent consideration payatble for this acquistton.

Employmentinked acquisition payments are expensed through the income statement proportionately until FY 26. During the year, the
Group has expensed £0.8m in relation to these ernpioyment-linked payments,

The deterred and contingent consideration is discounted to fair value, Discount unwinding is recognised as a finance cost proportionately
across the periods until final payment. During the year, 1.6m of discount unwinding was expensed as a non-under'ying finance cost in
relation to the Lionpoint acauisition consideration.

During the year, the Group made deferred and contingent Lionpaint acquisition paymenis totalling £16.3m. Of these payments, £4.7m
relates to employment-linked consideration, and is presented within cash from operating activities, with the remaining £14.6m presented
within cash used in investing activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows.

As consideration for the acquisition of Lionpoint is payable in US dollars, foreign exchange differences are recognised at each reporting
date in relation to translating these liabilities into pound sterling. In the year, the Group recognised a foreign exchange profit of £0.5m in
relation to the re-transiation of these liabilities.

As at 31 March 2024, a £10.4m liability is recorded, of which £10,1m is current and £0.3m is non-current,

The beiow table summarises the movements in the deferred and contingent consideration liabilities to 31 March 2024:

Shoretine Lionpaint Total
£000 £000 £'000
Balance as at 1 April 2023 - 24,249 24,949
Additions 1,824 - 4,824
Employment-linked consideration 318 ai 4135
Payments in the year'* 67} (16,328) (16,385)
Unwinding of discounting 127 1,494 4.621
Fair value adjustment (72) - (72)
Foreign exchange gains (36) (22) (558)
Balance as at 31 March 2024 2,104 10,410 12,514
Represented by:
Current 883 10,070 10,983
Non-current 1,221 340 1,561
Balance as at 31 March 2024 2404 10,410 12,514

As at 31 March 2024, the Group held a total liability of £12.5m in relation to future deferred and contingent consideration payable for
acquisitions. Gf this jiability at the balance sheet date, £2.4m relates to deferred consideration and the remaining ©10.1m relates to
contingent consideration. Within these deferred and contingent consideration liabilities, £1.9m relates to empioyment-linked arnounts.

‘The fair value of acquisition earn-outs is no longer considerec to be an area of significant estimation uncertainty given proximity to and
more certainty around the Lionpoint final earn-out payment. The fair value of the earn-ous liability held in relation of Shoreline is also not
considered to have a material 'evel of estimation uncertainty to the value af the liability held at 31 March 2024.

45 Deferred ard cortrget acti. Si.o* payers 0! £76 4m roles £” fim of e~pioymant reed consiceravor, whieh s “eperteg N81 CaS” garerated “om OverairG actives I~
Cconsaldatea statement of cash flows. Additionally, acquisition payments reportad within cash fows from investing activites in tne consclidated statement of cash flows includes £2.4m
Pad Lor completion of re accuis .07 of Shoreire, rel af sash acqured, wr cr 5 “ol "clued rire table above,

atphatme.com


===== page 137 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 135

14. Property, plant and equipment

Leasehold Fixtures Computer
improvements and/fittings equipment Total
£7000 £000 £000 £000
Cost
As at 1 April 2022 241 232 2311 2,784
Additions - a7 773 860
Disposals e@ (42) (281) (329)
Excnange difference 3 6 38 47
As at 31 March 2023 238 283 2,841 3.362
Additions - " 498 509
Disposals (237) (139) (998) (1,374)
Exchange difference a) 3) (26) (30)
‘As at 31 March 2024 - 152 2,315 2,467
Depreciation
As at 1 April 2022 (210) (197) (1,571) (1,978)
Charge for the year (35) (17) (492) (544)
Disposals 6 a2 256 304
Exchange difference 1 4 8) 1)
As at 31 March 2023 (238) (176) (1,835) (2,249)
Charge for the year - (30) (608) (638)
Disposals. 237 139 974 1,350
Exchange difference 1 2 14 7
As at 31 March 2024 - (65) (1,455) (1,520)
Net book value as at 31 March 2024 - 87 860 947
Net book value as at 31 March 2023. - ws 1,006 1,193
15. Trade and other receivables
FY 24 FY 23
£000 £7000
Amounts due within one year:
Trade receivables 34,190 26,781
Less: allowance for expected credit losses (685) (657)
Trade receivables - net 33,505 26,124
Other receivables 1,080 1,194
Capitalised contract fulfilment costs 753 4,101
Prepayments 2,478 1,999
Accrued income 4,369 3,710
Total amounts due within one year 42,185 34,128

Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and generally have @ 30- to 60-day term. Due to their short maturities, the carrying amount
of trade and other receivables |s a reasonable approximation of their fair value. Trade receivables have increased in the year through the
ongoing growth of the business with higher debtor days al 53 days (FY 23: 43 days) against strong collections in the prior year.

An expected credit loss altrioutable to trade receivables is established after consideration of historical loss rates in preceding genods
and relevant forward-looking factors. The Group has determined historical loss rates for each ageing category of trade receivables by
performing an in-depth analysis of historical tosses in conjunction with other factors in key Alpha territories.

‘The Group has considered a number of factors in determining appropriate expected credit loss rates, including macro-economic factors
and asset-specilic indicators such as customer correspondence, default or delinquency in sayment and significant financial difficulties
of the customer.

aiphatme.com


===== page 138 =====
436 9 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

15, Trade and other receivables continued

Expected Gross carrying Loss Net carrying
loss rate amount aflowance amount

As at 31 March 2024 % £000 £000 £000
Not overdue 1.30% 20,017 (ert) 20,646
Overdue 1-30 days 2.23% 10,600 (236) 10,364
Overdue 31-60 days 3.32% 1444 (48) 1,396
Overdue 61-90 days 7.30% 573 2) 531
Overdue 90+ days 13.45% 656 (88) 568
As at 31 March 2024 34,190 (685) 33,505
Expected Gross carrying Loss Net carrying

loss rato amount allowance amount

As at 31 March 2023 % £000 £000 £'000
Not overdue 7.98% 19,295 (882) 18,913
Overdue 1-30 days 315% 6,652 209) 6,443
Overdue 31-60 days 5.01% 602 0) 872
Overdue 61-90 days 10.82% 69 a 62
Overdue 90+ days 17.60% 163 9) 134
As at 31 March 2023 26,781 (657) 26,124

Capitalised contract fulfiment costs comprise amounts incurred in relation to unsatisfied performance obligations on fxed-tee milestone
projects, and non-distinct software implementation casts incurred in advance of the commencement of the client's licence period or
Avig contracts. As at 31 Marcn 2024, total capitalised contract fulfilment costs were £0.8m (FY 23: £1.2r), of which £0.1m (FY 23: £0.trr)
was presented within non-current assets on the face of the consolidated statement of financial position. These costs are recognised in
the consolidated staternemt of comprehensive income at the point of revenue recognition for fixed-tee milestone projects or are amortised
fo the consolidated income statement over the licence period for non-distinct software implementation costs. An expense of £1.1m

(FY 23: £1.5m) has been recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income in relation to capitalised contract fulfilment
costs. No significant judgements have been made in determining the amount of costs 10 be capitalised, which primarily comprise costs
within scope of IAS 19 Employee Benefits

Contract receivables are recognised in accrued income and relate to satisfied performance obligations recognised and not invoiced at
the year end. Ail such contract receivabies are expected to be realised within one year and are classified within current assets. Contract
receivables are recarded on a time spent basis and as performance obligations are met on agreed fees and day rates, billed in arrears.
These are typically short-term timing differences that are administrative in nature at each reporting date. Contract receivable payments
are due on standard terms once the invoices are raised. The contract receivables movernent in the year represents these ting
differences across respective contract deliverables at each year end

‘The expected credit joss calculated on accrued income was not material at the current or prior year ends. For analysis of the exposure
to credit risk at 81 March 2024, refer to note 23,

16. Cash and cash equivalents

FY 26 FY 23
'000 000
Cash at bank 29,302 99,215
Cash and cash eguivalents 29,392 59,215

Ail cash and cash equivalents held by the Group are available for use by the Group with no restrictions.

alphafme.com


===== page 139 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 137

17. Trade and other payables

FY 24, FY 23

Note £7000 £'000

Trade payables 4,400 5156
Accruals 18,929 29,880
Deferred income 1,756 796
Social security tax on share options 22 2,075 1.669
Taxation and social security 5,731 4,734
Other payables 2,529 2,277
Earn-out and deferred consideration 13 10,953 76,027
Total amounts owed within one year 46,373 60,539

Trade payables comprise amounts outstanding for trade purchases and ongoing costs. The Directors consider that the carrying amount
of trade and other payables is a reasonable approximation of their fair value, The Group's trade payables payment policy is to provide
payment within the agreed terms, which is generally 30 days from the date of receipt of invoice.

The decrease in accruals reflects the payment in the year of doth the FY 23 profit snare and the second tranche of deferred FY 22
payments, as well as a lower Rerformance-adjusted bonus accrual amounts for FY 24

The earn-out and deferred consideration liability comprises the amounts due within one year relating to the Lionpoint and Shoreline
acquisitions. Refer to note 13 for further detail.

Deferred income recognises Contract liabilities arising from the Group's revenue-generating activities relating to payments received

in advance of performance delivered under a contract. These contract liabilities typically arise on short-term timing differences
between performance obligations in some milestone or fixed-fee contracts and their respective contracted payment schedules,

The contract liability movement in the year represents these timing differences across contracts at each year end. The following table
seis out the revenue recognised in the current year that relates to carry-forward contract liabilities, and the current and son-current
liabilities recognised in the current year that have been deferred to future reporting periods. All current deferred income is expected
to be recognised through revenue within one year. Movements in the year predominantly relate to the underlying operations of

the business, and no material contract llabilities were racognised in relation to changes in estimates or contract modifications.

There were no contract modifications in the year that resulted in the racognition of revenue from performance obligations satisfied

in previous periods.

FY 24 FY 23

Note £'000 £'000

Contract liabilities at the start Gf the year 17,39 1,009 2,098
Foreign exchange movements - (23) 104
Contract liabilities recognised in revenue during the year (773) (1,969)
Increase in contract liabilities during the year 1,699 776
Balance at the end of the year 17,19 1,912 1,009

Unperformed balances shown in the table below, reoresent the revenue that the Group will earn from customers when the Group
satisfies the remaining performance obligations in certain contracts. These mainly relate to Aivio’s multi-year software ficence contracts
that range belween one and five years, in which sotware access revenue is recognised over the access period

The following table sets out the aggregate amount of the contracted transaction price allocated to performance obligations that are
unsatistied or partially unsatisfied at the year-end date. Unpertormed balances reiating to contracts with an expected original life of less
than one year are not disclosed. Similarly, the Group has adopted the practical expedient not to disclose amounts under longer-term
contracts in which the revenus js to be invoiced on agreed day rates. Revenue from unperformed performance obligations is expected
to be recognised in the following timeframes

FY 24 FY 23
£000, £'000
To be undertaken and recognised within one year 2,589 1,373
To be undertaken and recognised between one and three years 3,387 2,287
To be undertaken and recognised after three years 2,310 1,614
Total unperformed performance obligations 8,236 5,244

aiphafme.com

2
5
Fs
5
3
s
g
2
8g
3
2
Fa
Fs



===== page 140 =====
138 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements contmued

18. Provisions

Social security
andsales Legal and

tax provisions other provisions Total

£000 L'00C £000

Balance as at 1 April 2023 2,876 450 3,326
Utilised - - -
Released (378) (108) (486)
Additional provisions 504 - 504
Foreign exchange movements (35) 0) 36)
Balance as at 34 March 2024 2,967 341 3,308

Within social securty tax and sales tax provisions is a £1.4m (FY 23: £11.4m) provision relating to historical pre-AIM admission potential
tax treatments and an additional £1-1m (FY 23: £1.8m} relating te further potential social security tax exposures. An ammount of £0.5m
has been provided for in the yeer relating 10 US sales taxes, following an internal review. The amount and timing of these social security
and sales fax provisions are subject to uncertainty. A finai position agreed with a tax authority or through the expiry of a tax audit period
could differ from the estimated provision.

Lagal and other provisions comprise £0.1m (FY 23: £0.3m) of diapidation provisions in respect of the Group's ‘eased offices ana £0.2m
{FY 23; £0,2m) relating to ongoing legai claims. The legal and other provisions at 31 March 2024 represents the most probable outcome
of these claims at the balance sheet date

Given the uncertainty, a range of outcomes is possible in relation to these provisions. The Directors consider the cash outflows in
relation to recognised provisions could reasonably range between £1.4m and £6.6m.

19. Other non-current liabilities

FY 24 FY23

Note £7000 £7000
Earn-out and deferred consideration 13 1,561 8,922
Deferred income 156 218
Social security tax on share options 22 4,432 1,640
Other non-current liabilities - 625
Total amounts owed after one year 3,149 11,400

Earn-out and deferred consideration relates to future deferred and contingent earn-out payments to be made for the acquisition of
Lionpoint and Shoreline. Given the passage st time, tne third Lionpomnt deferred and contingent consideration payments now fall due
within 12 months from the balance sheet date. Refer to note 13 for further detail,

Deferred income recognises contract labiities arising from the Group’s revenue-generating activities relating ta payments received in
advance of performance delivered under a contract. Deferred income recognised as non-current entirely relates to contracts held within
the Aiviq business, where ravenue is Sometimes recognised over @ contractual licence period of greater than one year For further
details refer 10 note 17.

Other non-current abilities fell to nil in the year as the remaining deferred element of FY 23 bonuses ‘or certain directors and senior
management globally now falls due within 12 months from the reporting date.

alphafme.com


===== page 141 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 139

20. Note to the cash flow statement
Non-cash changes

Lease
accounting
1 April additions & Other Foreign 31 March
2023 Cashflow modifications. changes exchange 2024
£000 £000 £7000 £000 £7000 £000
Cash and cash equivalents 59,215 (28,771) - - (1,082) 29,392
Bank borrowings - - - = - -
Net cash 59,215 (28,771) - - (1,052) 29,392
Less: cash and cash equivalents 69,215) 28,771 - - 1,052 (29,392)
Leases 4.161) 2,297 (464) (305) 73 (2,560)
Interest and bank loan fees - 1,254 - (1,254) - -
Liabilities arising from financing (4,161) 3,551 (464) (1,559) 73 (2,560)
Non-cash changos mn
Lease Fd
accounting B
1 April additions & Other Foreign 31 March S
2022 Cash flow modifications changes exchange 2023 o
£000 £000 £000 £000 £1000 £000 4
Cash and cash equivalents 63,516 (7,323) ~ - 3,022 $9,215 g
Bank borrowings - - - - - -
Net cash 63,516 (7,323) - = 3,022 59,215 °
Less: cash and cash equivalents (63,516) 7,323 - - (3,022) 69,215)
Leases (2,409) 1,531 (2,854) (216) @13) (4,161)
Interest and bank loan fees - 482 - (482) ~ -
Liabilities arising from financing (2,409) 2,013 (2,854) (698) (213) (4,161)
21. Called up share capital
FY 24, FY 23,
Number Number
Alfotted, called up and fully paid
Ordinary 0.07&p shares (1 vote per share) 122,009,738 _ 120,509,736
FY 24 FY 23
£ £
Allotted, called up and fully paid
Ordinary 0.07Sp shares (1 vote per share) 91,507 90,382
Movements in share capital during the year ended 31 March 2024:
£
Balance as al 1 April 2023 90,382
120,809,736 ordinary shares of 0.075p each
issued shares ty 1425
Balance as at 31 March 2024 91,507

122,009,736 ordinary shares of 0.075p each

(During the year, a total of 1,600,000 ordinary shares were issued by the Group, all of which were issued to the employes benefit
trust ("EBT") for future satisfaction of share option awards.

alphafme.com


===== page 142 =====
140 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

21, Called up share capital continued

Alpha employee benefit trust

The Group held 7,537,366 (FY 23: 6,274,380) shares in the EBT, comprising shares held to satisfy snare options granted under its joint
share ownership pian (‘JSOP") or unallocated ordinary shares to satisfy share options granted undar the Group's other share option
plans, The EBT has waived all dividend and voting rights in respect of these shares. Therefore, ine number of shares with exercisable
voting rights at 31 March 2024 was 114,472 370 (FY 23: 114,235,356).

During the year, 1,500,000 ordinary shares were transferred by the Company to the EBT for potential future satisfaction of share
incentive plans through the issuance of new shares at nominal value, Further, the EBT purchased a total of 1,035,154 shares from
the market in the year for a total of £3.8m, which was funded by the Group and is accountsd for as a deduction from other reserves.

in the year, 1,272,168 shares held in the EBT were utilised for employee share option exercises,

Treasury shares
The Group held nit (FY 23: nil) shares in treasury,

22. Share-based payments

The Group has adopted 2 giobally consistent share incentive plan approach, which is implemented using efficient jurisdiction specific
plans, as appropriate

‘The management incentive plan

The Group has a management incentive plan (*MiP"} to retain ang incentivise directors and senior management. The MIP consists of
four parts: part A of which will enable the granting of enterprise management incentive and non-tax advantaged options to acquire
shares; part B of which will enable the awarding of JSOPs; part C of which will enable the awarcing of restricted stock units (“ASUS”)
for participants in the US; and part D of which will enable the awarding of RSUs in France {together the “options”).

in prior years, the maicrity of options granted to certain directors and senior management of the Group were subject to the fulfilment
of three or more of the following performance conditions: (a) the Group achieving adjusted EPS growth of 15.0% or more to trigger a
maximum award, or 10.0% ta trigger a 66% award, with a tinear application of awards between these leveis; (b} the Group achiewng
a total shareholder retum ("TSR") over three yaars in excess of the mean TSR delivered by a peer group of comparable companies;

{¢) personal adherence to corporate values and risk policy; and (d) specific ousiness unit EBITDA, or other personal targets and goals.

As disclased last year, the Ramuneration Committee approved performance conditions for FY 23 awards, which further modified the
adjusted EPS growth range set out above 10 reflect the grewth of the Group since AIM admission. The criteria for tnese share incentive
awards to certain directors and senior management of tne Group, depending on the ndvidual and their role, include: {@) the Group
achieving adjusted EPS growth of 11,25% or more 10 trigger a maximum award, or 7.5% to trigger a 66% awerd, with a linear application
of awards between these ievels; (6) personal adherence to corporate values and risk polcy; and (c} spec'tic business unit EBITDA,

or other personal targets and goals. These criteria were also applied to FY 24 awards granted in the year.

Awards to senior management also contain a market condition requiring the Group to achieve @ TSR over three years in excess of the
mean TSR delivered by a peer group of comparable companies.

MIP awards have either nominal or minima! exercise price payable in order to acquire shares pursuant to options. MIP awards have
either three: or four-year vesting periods from the date of grant and are usually equity settled

The emptoyec incentive plan

In adcition to the MIP. the Board has previously put :n place a medium-ierm employee incentive plan ("EI"). Under ihe FIP. a broad
ase of the Group's employees has been granted share optians or share awards over a small number of shares. The EiP is structured
as is most approoriate under the local tax, legal and regulatory rules in the key jurisdictions and therefore varies between those
jurisdictions. No El? awards were made in the current or prior years.

Movements in the year

‘During the year ended 31 March 2024, a total of 2,805,590 share option and award grants were made to employees and senior management
(FY 23: 3,163,014), The weighted average of the estimated fair values of these options awarded in the year is £3.23 per share (FY 23: £3.14).

Dunng the year 3,231,673 MIP and EIP awards vested following the satisfaction of performance conditions. The performance conditions
relating to EPS growth and total shareholder return exceeding a basket of comparable comparies over three years to the vesting cate
were met in full and the relevant tecal regional or individual budgetary performance conditions were met in full or part, in their respective
year of grant Of these vested awards, 1,148,787 nave been exercised, with a further 229,798 awerds that vested in previous pencds
also exercised in the year. Of these total 1,378,585 options exercised, the Group settled 1,272,168 through shares transferred from the
Group's EBT, with a further 106,417 options retaned for net tax settlement. The weighted average share price at the date of these
exercises was £3.80.

alphatme.com


===== page 143 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024-144

During the year, 195,201 share options were forfeited or as a result of leavers before vesting,

Of the 2,129,394 share options exercisable at the year end, 2,082,886 share options vested in the year. The remaining vested award
holders have a further six to seven-year period, from the date of vesting, in which to exercise their vested awarcs,

Details of the share option awards made are as follows:

FY 24

Number

Outstanding at the beginning of the year 9,996,040
Granted during the year 2,805,590
Exercised during the year (1,378,585)
Forteited during the year (195,201)
Expired during the year -
Outstanding at the year end 11,227,844
Exercisable at the year end 2,129,394

The weighted average exercise price for al options outstanding in both the current and prior years was nominal. The options
outstanding as at 31 March 2024 had a weighted average remaining contractual life of 1.2 years (FY 23: 1,7 years)

During the year ended 31 March 2024, options were granted in July 2023 and January 2024 to certain employees and senior management.

MIP share options with an extemal market condition were valued at award using the Monte Carlo option pricing model. The model
simulates a variety of possible results, across 10,000 iterations for each of the options, by substituting a range of values for any factor
that has inherent uncertainty over a number of scenanos using a cifferent set of random values from the probability functions. The model
takes any market-based performance conditions into account and adjusts the fair value of the options based on the likelihood of meeting
the stated vesting conditions.

MIP share options without external market conditions and EIP share options were valued at award using a Black-Scholes model.

The inputs to these models in the period were as follows:

FY 24
Weighted average share price at grant date £3.98
Exercise price Nominal
Volatility 26.42%
Weighted average share option life 4 years
Risk free rate 4.93%
Expected dividend yield 8.00%

Volatility is calcuiated based on the relative rate at which Alpna’s share price moves up and down, It is derived from calcuiating the
annualised standard deviation of the daily changes in share price. The expected expense catculated in he modet has been adjusied,
based on management's best estimate, for the effects of non-market-oased performance concittons and employee attrition,

The Group recognised e tota! expense of £7.4m (FY 23: £8,0m) in the current year, comprising £6.7m (FY 23: £7.0/n} in relation to
equity-settled share-based payments, and £0.6r (FY 23: £1.01) rolating to relevant social security taxes.

Given the more challenging market environment and the Group's performance in FY 24, in April 2024, the Remuneration Committee
considered the vesting of FY 24 awards to Executive Directors and senior management of the Group. It was determined that the overall
vesting levels of the FY 24 share options awards would be significantly iower than FY 28. This has been reflected in the calculation of the
share-based payment charge in the year as well as the associated social security costs. Refer to the Remuneration Commitise report on
p. 86 for further details.

The combined carrying value of current and non-current liabilities relating to social security tax on share options as at 31 March 2024
is £3.5m (FY 23: £3.37) of which £2.1m was current and £1.4m was non-current, A £0.6m charge was recognised in the consolidated
statement of comprehensive income in the year, offset by £0.4m of payments, Assumptions associated with the calcviation of the social
security tax liability due on vesting of share ontions include an estimation of the forward-looking share price at the vesting date based
on analyst research and applicable future tax rates. For these ourposes, the share price is updated at each reporting period to reflect
historical trends, and is assumed to grow in line with the estimated future performance of the business.

if the estimated future share price assumption were to increase by 30%, the social security costs in the period would increase by £0.4m
Were the share price assumption to reduce by 30% the charge would reduce by £0.4m

If the estimated number of share options expected to forfeit annually were to decrease by 3% for all outstancing share options, the
share-oased payment charge in the year would increase by £0.7m. !f estimated annual forfeits were to increase by 3%, the charge
in the year would reduce by £0.7m,

alphafme.com

z
Fi
a
3
3
g
Ea
a
3
a
2
B



===== page 144 =====
142 = Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

23. Finan

Carrying amount of financial instruments

Linstruments

The carrying amounts of the financial assets and ‘abilities include:

FY 24 FY 23
£7000 £000

Financial assets measured at amortised cost

Cash and cash equivalents 29,392 59,215

Trade ang other receivables @ 38,954 31,028
Total financial assets measured at amortised cost 68,346, 90,243
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost

Trade and other payables aii) (25,858) (87,313)

Lease liabilities, (2,560) (4.161)

Other non-current liabilities 0) > (625)
Total financial liabilities measured at amortised cost (28,418) (42,099)
Financial liabilities measured at fair value

Earn-out and deterred consideration (12,514) (24,949)

Derivative financial liabilities cu) 2
Total financial liabilities measured at fair value (12,535) (24,949)

}) Trade and other receivables (note 15) as presented in the table above exclude capitalised contract fulfiment costs and prepayments
as these are non-financial assets.

ii) Trade and other payables (note 17) and other non-current abilities (note 19) in the table above exclude deferred income, social
security tax on share options, and taxation and other soca! security as these are non-financia! labilities. Earn-out and deterred
consideration liabilities are presented as a separate fine item in the table above

Tre book value of the financial instruments is deemed to be approximate to fair value. There has been no impairment loss recognised in
‘the current or prior years in respect of financial assets.

The Group’s financial instruments comprise cash and cash equivalents, items such as trade payables and trade receivables that arise
directly from its operations. and bank borrowings. These financial instruments arise in the ordinary Course of Ousiness and their main
purpose is to provide finance for the Groug’s operations.

‘The Group's operations expose it to a variely of financial risks including market risk, creit risk, liquidity risk, interest rate risk and foreign
currency exchange rate risk The Board has overall responsibility for internal control and risk management by the Group. In this structure,
the Aucit and Risk Committee manages the processes of reviewing the guality of internal controls that are related to the financial
performance of the Group, as delegated by the Board. The policies set by the Board of Directors are implemented by the Company's
finance team.

Market risk

Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, including foreign exchange and interest rates, will affect the Group's income or
the value of financial instruments held at the year end. The Directors do not consider this to be a significant risk to the Group.

inflation risk is the nsk that the increased rate of inflation in the market wil have a maternal impact on the Group's forecasted cash flows.
‘The Group has therefore consiciered current and plausible inflation levels when forecasting future cash flows. The Group does not believe
that inflationary pressures represent a material risk to the Group's financial position at the balance sheet date.

alphafme.com


===== page 145 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 143

Credit risk

The Group's credit risk is primarily attnbutable to potential default on its trade receivables. The Group considers a default to have
cccurred when a balance 's over 90 days overdue and there is ne realistic prospect of payment. The Group has policies that require
appropriate credit checks on potential customers betore sales are made.

The Group has provided for a lifetime expected credit loss against the trade receivables balance at the balance sheet date. The likelinood
of default is assessed by reference to the ageing category of the receivables. Refer to note 15 for further details. Were the expected
credit loss rates applied to receivables oy the Graup to increase by 1% for eacn ageing category, tne resulting additionai crecit loss to
the Group would be £0.3m.

Interest rate risk
The Group has interest-bearing assets and liabilities. Interest-bearing assets comprise anly cash and cash equivalents that earn interest
at a variable rate. The Group's revolving credit facility incurs a variable rate of interest

If the variable interest rate applicable to the Group's revolving credit facility had been 5CO bps higher in the year ended 31 March 2024,
finance expenses would have increased by £0.3m,

Liquidity risk
The Group maintains a committed RCF alongside its cash balances, cesigned to ensure that it has sufficient available funcs for operations
and pianned expansicns. The Group monitors its levels of working capital to ensure that it can meet its liabilties as they fall due.

The concentration of liquidity risk is primarily around acquisition-related payments the Group is committed to make over the next several
years. The Group's cash and RCF facility are expected to be more than sufficient to cover these liabilities as they fall due. Refer to
note 13 for further detail of these acquisition liabilities.

The Group's current trade payables, accruals and other payables totalling £25.9m are expected to be paid within six months of the
balance sheet date, Of the gross undiscounted amounts payable in relation to earn-out and deferred consideration, £11.3m is expected
to be paid within six months of the balance sheet date, £1.1m is expected to be paid between 12 and 18 months of the balance sheet
date, with the remainder of £1.0m to be paid across FY 27, FY 28 and FY 29. A separate maturity analysis of the Group's lease liabilities
is disclosed in note 7.

Zz
a
a
5
2.
2
2
ES
s
2
a
a
z

Financial risk and fair value measurement
The Group is liable for contingent earn-out payments on the acquisition of Lionpoint and Shoreline and, as at 31 March 2024, hols a
liab\lity that represents the fair value of amounts that may become payable. The disclosures below exclude amounts classified as
employment inked

The fair value is determined by estimating the expected payment, discounted to present value using a risk-adjusted ciscount rate.

The expected payment is determined separately in respect of each earn-out agreement, taking into consideration the expected level of
financial performance of each acquisition against agreed contractual earn-out terms. An undiscounted exoected payment of $11.2m
(£8.9rrj has been discounted at 4.2% relating to outstanding contingent consideration on the Lionpoint acquisition, which is payable in
FY 25. A further AUD 2.0m (£1.0m) of contingent consideration relating to the Shoreline acquisition has been discounted at 15.9%,
falling due across the next four years,

The Group has assessed the estimation uncertainty of the liability held in retation to contingent consideration. The fair vaius of
acquisition earn-outs is no longer considered to be an area of significant estimation uncertainty given proximity to and more certainty
around the final Lionpaint earn-out payment, which is reflected in the ‘ower discount rate used.

The fair value of the earn-out liablity held in relation of Shoreline is also not considered to have a material level of estimation uncertainty
given the size of the liability. The Directors consider the undiscounted future contingent consideration payable in respect of the Shoreline
acquisition could reasonably range between Enil and £1.0m

Foreign currency exchange rate risk
The Group is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk mainly as a result of trade receivables and payables that will be settled in
euros and US doliars, as well as Lionpoint acquisition kabilites that are recorded in US dollars and the Shoreline acquisition liabilites
that are recorded in Australian dollars. The Group uses available currency resources to help mitigate excosures

Dunng the year, the Group entered into an FX swap derivative contract in order to manage the Group's currency requirements alongside
the foreign exchange exposure arising from the Lionpoint acquisition liabilities denorninated in US doliars. The near leg of the swap was
settled in November 2023, with the Group selling $10.0m in return for £7.9m at the prevailing soot rate of 1.26. The far leg of the swap to
be settled in August 2024 requires the Group to sell £7.8m in return for $10.0 at a forward rate of 1.28. The Group has measured this
derivative at fair value through profit and loss, in line with the requirements of IFRS 9, and has not formally designated this derivative to
quality for hedge accountng. The derivative had a negligible fair value at the balance sheet date.

alphatme.com


===== page 146 =====
144 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

23. Financial instruments continued

‘The impact on the Group's net fee income arising from a 5% adverse movement in all foreign exchange rates relevant to the Group
would be £6.9m (2.9%) in FY 24. The same sensitivity would also result in a decrease in the Group's net assets of £4.5m

GBP EUR USD. CHF SGD. NOK (DKK = AUD. CAD. RSD HKD AED.

FY 24° ‘000 “000 “000 *000 “000 “000 “000 ‘000 ‘000 ‘000 000 *000,
Trade receivabies 10,786 4.832 22,209 506 52 = 4.289 1,205 107 - - -
Cash 3,566 8,280 9,989 850 2,001 63 9915 2665 10793 9,660 19 -
Trade payables (2,894) (336) 193) 7) - 079 86) 63) GO)
Net amount 11,458 12,776 31,006 1,245 1,980 63 14,163 3,691 10,864 9,597 © (60)

GBP EUR USD ‘CHF SGD NOK OKK AUD cAD RSD HKD AED
FY 23 “900 ‘900 "000 “000 "000 ‘000 ‘000 ‘000 ‘000, ‘000 "000 *000
Trade receivables 9,192 4,559 13,962 1,344 = 504 5 1,824 1,229 316 - - -
Cash 6881 17,432 47,344 «= 769 1,806 1368) = TT 3,968 574813 14 -
Trade payables (2861) (791) 4,774) 8) Q - (7) a8) -
Net amount 13,212 15,200 58,932 2,065 2,308 1,373 2,718 4,507 525 4,078 2 -

24. Capital risk management

The Group's objectives when managing capital are to safeguard its ability to continue as @ going concer, provide returns for
shareholders and maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

The Group defines capital as being share capitat plus all reserves, which amounted to £148.5m as at 31 March 2024 (FY 23: £149.31).
The Board of Directors monitors the level of capital as compared to the Group's long-term debt commitments and aojusts the ratio of
debt to capital as is determined to be necessary, by issuing new shares, reducing or increasing debt, paying gividends and returning
capitai to shareholders. The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements.

25. Related party disclosures

Related parties, following the definitions within IAS 24, are the Group’s subsidiary companies, members of the Board, key management
personnel and their families, and shareholders who nave control or significant influence aver the Group.

The Group considers key management personnel, as defined under JAS 24 Related Party Disclosures, to be the Company's Directors
and certain members of the Group’s senior management team that report into the Group Coordination Committes as detailed ono. 74.
Further disclosures are set out in the Remuneration Committee report an po 84-84 and in note 5. There were no transactions within the
year in which the Directors had any interest

Transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries are on an arm’s ength basis and have been eliminated on consoldation and
are not disclosed in this Note. None of the Group's shareholders are deemed to have control or significant influence and therefore are
not classified as related parties for the purposes of this note

26. Ultimate controlling party

As al 31 March 2024 there is no ultimate controling party of the Group. The largest shareholders in the Group are set out in the
Directors’ Report and are alse published at alphatme.com/investors/aim-rule-26.

27. Events after the reporting period

On 20 June 2024, the Board of Directors announced a recommended cash offer to acquire the Group by Actum Bideo (UK) Limited,
a newly incorporated indirect subsidiary of certain funds managed by Bridgepoint Advisers Limited, which is expected to be implemented
by way of a scheme of arrangement,

alphafme.com


===== page 147 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 145

Company statement of financial position
As at 31 March 2024

As at As at
31 March 2024 31 March 2023
Note £'000 £000
Assets
Non-current assets
Investments 2 70,493 1,344
Deferred tax assets 4 560 1.028
Amounts owed by Group undertakings 2 90,662 165,012
Total non-current assets 161,715 167,384
Current assets
Trade and other receivables 5 398 68
Corporation tax 284 363
Cash and cash equivalents 6 23 205
Total current assets 685 636
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables 7 (1,957) (14,407)
Total current liabilities (1,957) (14,407) g
Net current liabilities (1,272) (377) [A
Non-current liabilities 3
Other non-current liabilities 8 (26) (87) ry
Total non-current liabilities (26) 7)
Net assets 160,417 153,556
Equity
Issued share capital 92 a0
Share premium 119,438 119,438
Other reserves. 16,094 13,946
Retained earnings 24,793 20,082
Total shareholders’ equity 160,417 159,556

As permitted by Section 408 of the Companies Act 2006, a separate statement of comprehensive income of the parent Company has
not been presented. The parent Company’s profit for the year was £21.0m

The notes on pp 147-153 form part of these financial statements. These financial statements were approved and authorised for issue
by the Beard of Directors on 20 June 2024, They were signed on its behalf by:

Lue Mu-Baqué John C Paton
Chief Executive Officer Chief Financiat Officer

Company registered number: 09985297

alphatme.com


===== page 148 =====
146 Annua! Report & Accounts 2024

Company statement of changes in equity
For the year ended 31 March 2024

Issued share share Other Retained shareholders
capital Premium reserves earnings: equity
£7000 £000 £7000 £000 £7000
As at 1 April 2022 89 119,438 9,204 17,420 446,171
Comprehensive income
Profit for the year - _ - 19,437 15,437
Transactions with owne!
Shares issued (equity) 1 - - ay -
Share-based payment charge - - 7,023 - 7,023
Net settlement of vested share options ~ - (343) ~ (343)
Purchase of own shares by the EBT - - (1.139) - (1,339)
Current tax recognised in equity - - 276 - 276
Deferred tax recognised in equity - - (1,095) ~ (1,095)
Dividends = = - (12,774) (12,774)
‘As at 31 March 2023 90 119,438 19,946 20,082 158,556
Comprehensive income
Profit for the year - - - 20,959 20,959
Transactions with owners
Shares issued (equity) 2 - - @ -
‘Share-based payment charge - - 6,663 - 6,663
Net settlement of vested share options - - (457) - (457)
Purchase of own shares by the EBT - - (3.843) - (3,843)
Current tax recognised in equity - ~ 162 - 162
Deferred tax recognised in equity - ~ (377) - (377)
Dividends - ~ - (16,246) (16,246)
‘As at 31 March 2024 92 119,438 16,094 24,793 160,417

Issued share capital
Issued share Capital represents the nominal value of snare capital subscribed.

Share premium

The share premium account is used to record the aggregate value of premiums paid when the Company's shares are issued at a
premium, net of associated share issuance costs.

Other reserves

The other reserves represent the cumulative fair value of the IFRS 2 share-based payment charge recognised for the Group each year,
associated current tax, deterred tax and net settlement of vested share options, equity-settled acquisition consideration reserves,
and purchases of the Company's own shares by the employee benefit trust (‘EBT"),

Retained earnings

The retained earnings reserve represents cumulative net profits and [osses recognised in the statement of comprehensive income,
less dividends paid.

alphatme.com


===== page 149 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 = 147

Notes to the Company financial statements

1. Summary of significant accounting policies
General information

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting pic (the “Company’) is a public company incorporated, domicied and registered in England,
in the UK. The registered number is 09965297 and the registered address is 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB.

The parent company financial staternents present information about the Company as a separate entity and not about the consolidated Group

Basis of preparation

These financial statements were prepared in accordance with FRS 101

In preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement and disclosure requirements of
International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS"), but makes amendments where necessary in order to comply with the Companies
Act 2006 and has set out below where advantage of the FRS 101 disclosure exemptions has been taken.

In these financial statements, the Company has appiied the exemptions available under RS 101 in respect of the following disclosures:
— A cash flow statement and related notes;

— Comparative period reconciliations for share capital, tang\ble fixed assets, intangible assets and investment properties;

— Disclosures in respect of transactions with wholly owned subs diaries:

— Disclosures in respect of capital management;

— The effects of new but not yet effective IFRS;

— The requirements of paragraphs 17 and 18 of IAS 24 Related Party Disclosures; and

z
5
a
3
3
2
=
g
F
a
2
=

— The requirements in IAS 24 to disclose related party transactions entered into between two or more members of a group, provided
that ary subsidiary which is a party to the transaction is wholly owned by such a member,

As the consolidated financial statements of the Group include the equivaient disclosures, the Company has also taken the exemptions.
under FRS 101 available in respect of the following disclosures:

— The requirements of IFRS 2 Share-Based Payment in respect of Group settied share-based payments; and
— The requirements of IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures.

The Company financial statements are prepared on the historical cost basis. Non-current assets and dispose! groups held fer sale are
stated at the lower of the carrying amount and ‘air value less costs to sell

The presentational currency of these financial statements and the functional currency of the Company is pounds sterling, All amounts
in these financial statements have been rounded to the nearest £1,000.

Going concern
The Directors have, at the time of approving the financial statements, a reasonable expectation that the Company and the Group have
adequate resources to continue in operation for the foreseeable future. For further details please refer to note 4 of the Group’s
consdiidated financial statements.

Principal accounting policies
The accounting policies set out on pp 147-148 have, uniess otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods presented
in these Company financial statements.

Significant judgements and estimates

The preparation of financial information in accordance with IFRS requires management to make judgements, estimates and
assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and reported amounts of assets anc liabilities, Income and expenses.

The Directors have made no judgements, excluding those involving estimations, in the process of applying the Company's accounting
policies that are considered to have a significant effect on the amaunts recognised in the financial statements for the year ended
31 March 2024,

The Directors consider that there is no material level of estimation uncertainty associated with the Company's financial statements
at the balance sheet date.

Investments in subsidiaries

Investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost fess any avovision for impairment. The Company monitors for indicators of impairment
throughout the reporting period, and a {ull impairment assessmant is performed on an annual basis, or more frequently where such
indicators exist.

The Company applies a book-value method of transferring control of subsidiaries between the Company and its wholly owned
subsidiaries. All entities involved in the transfer are part of a wider economic group, are related parties within the Group, and are
transferred at 2 value equal to the 600k value of the investment held relating to the transferred company at the date of transfer.

alphafme.com


===== page 150 =====
148 9 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the Company financial statements continued

1. Summary of significant accounting policies continued

Dividends

Group dividends proposed by the Board are recognised in the financial statements when tney have been approved by shareholders at the
AGN. Interim dividends are recognised when they are paid.

Amounts owed by Group undertakings

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less provision
for impairment, A provision for imoairmert of intercomoany recevvables is established using an expected credit loss model. Amounts owed
by Group undertakings are presented within non-current receivables where they are not expected to be settled within the Group's
normal operating cycie.

Amounts owed to Group undertakings

Amounts owed to Group undertakings, presented in trade and other payables, are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently
measured at amortised cost

Employee benefits

Shar sta see paymmerss

The cost of share-based employee compensation arrangements, whereby employees receive remuneration in the forrn of shares or
share options, is recognised as an empioyae benelit expense in the statement of profit or loss.

The toial exoense to be apportioned over the vesting penad of the benefit is determined by reference to the fair value (exciuding the
effect of non-market-based vesting conditions) at the date of grant.

in determining the fair value of share-based payments under FRS 2, management nas considered a number of internal and external
factors in order to judge the probability that management and employee share incentives May vest. Such judgements involve estimating
future performance and other non-marke!-based factors

At the end of each reporting period the assumptions under'ying tne number of awards expected to vest are adjusted for the etfecis
of non-market-based vesting conditions to reflect the conditions prevailing at that date. The impact of any revisions to the original
estimates is recognised in profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to equity. Fair value is measured by the use of a binomial
mode|, The assumptions have been adjusted, based on management's best estimate, for the effects of non-transferablity, lack of
dividend until vesting and exercise restrictions.

The fair value calculations have been externally assessed as reasonable in the circumstances.

The Company applies an intra-group recharge arrangement to the share-based payments charge relating to employees of other
entities within the wider Group, to reflect the benefits received by the respective entity In relation to employees granted share options.

‘The Company is deemed to be the settling entity in the intra-group arrangement, as share options granted are in relation to ordinary
shares of the Company, and recognises the share-based payments charge for the full Group in other reserves. The Company's
subsidiaries are considered to be the receiving entities in the arrangement, n ine with the benefit received for services provided
through ongoing employment.

Amounts relating to employees who provide services directly to the Company are recerded as an equity-settled share-based payment
charge through the Company's statement of comprehensive income and are not recharged.

The remaining charge in relation to employees who provide services to other Group entities is initially recognised as an investment in
subsidiaries and 's simultaneously reversed upon the recharge of this cost to the receiving entity through amounts owed by Group
undertakings. This charge 1s recognised within the profit and loss of the relevant receiving entities. The Company presents these
Movements in investments on a net basis within note 2.

For further detaiis on the background to share-based payment plans end disclosures, please refer to note 22 of the Group's
consolidated fnancia statements.

Shares heid in treasury or by Alpha’s employee benefit trust,

‘Shares held in treasury or by Alpha's employee benefit trust (‘EBT") consist of ardinary shares in Alpha Financial Markets Consulting pic,
These shares are recorded at cost and are deducted from equity.

Other significant azcounting policies

Other significant accounting policies are consistent with those presented within the notes to the Group's consolidated financial statements.
Changes in accounting policies

‘Several standards, interpretations and amendments to existing standards necame effective for the year ended 31 March 2024,
or will become effective in subsequent periods, as detailed on p. 119 of the Group accounts, none of which had a material impact
on the Company.

alphafme.com


===== page 151 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 149

2. Investments and amounts owed by Group undertakings

Amounts:
owed by
Group
undertakings.
£000

Cost

As at 1 April 2022 1,844 144,639
Additions - 27,608
Repayments - (7.407)
Foreign exchange - 172

AS at 31 March 2023 1,344 165,012
‘Additions 204,029 25,550
Repayments - (99,535)
Foreign exchange - 25)

As at 31 March 2024 205,373 91,002 Fi
Impairment 3
Asat 1 April 2022 - -
Impairment charge ~ - &
Asal 31 March 2023 7 - &£
Impairment charge (134,880) a)
As at 31 March 2024 (134,880) (340)

Net book value as at 31 March 2024 70,493 90,662

Net book value as at 31 March 2023, 1,344 165,012

During the year, amounts recognised in relation to the snare-based payment charge, which are subsequently seversed through
intra-group recharge arrangements, were £6.6m (FY 23: 5.8m). These amounts are presented net in the table above in line with
the Company's accounting policies.

In October 2023, a number of transactions were undertaken as part of a project to simolify the holding company structure within

ths Alpha Group. Additions to investments in subsidiaries of £204.0m Include £69.1m arising from the issue of new shares in the
Company's subsidiaries. Promissory notes were issued in consideration for the issue of the new shares, resulting in a corresponding
decrease in the amounts owed by Group undertakings. Also included within adcitions is £124.9m arising from the distributions in specie
of shares in other Group companies received fram the Company’s subsidiaries.

The impairment of investments in subsidiaries of £134.9m recognised in the year effectively reverses the income received from the
disirioutions in specie that gave rise to the same investments. This impairment charge relates to four legacy holding companies, which
are now dormant and have no remaining economic value, and therefore the recoveraile amount of these investments is nil. The investments
in these companies have been fully impaired and their net book value at 31 March 2024 is nil, These companies are now in members’
voluntary ‘iquidation

Following these transactions, there is no overall change in the total economic value of the subsidiaries owned directly or indirectly by the
Company, with the increase in the vaive of investments in subsidiaries offset by a corresponding decrease in amounts owed by Group
undertakings. Similarly, there is no net impact on ratained earnings

The undertakings in which the Group and Company had interest at the year end of more than 20% are as follows:

Class and Class and
percentage of _—_percentage of
Country of Registered shares held ~ shares held —

Subsidiary undertakings incorporation address Principal activity 31 March 2024 31 March 2023,
Alpha FMC Trustee Limited UK 7 Dormant 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Midco Limitea"* UK 1 Dormant 100% ordinary 160% ordinary
Alpha FMC Midco 2 Limited"® uk 1 Dormant 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited UK 1 Intermediate holding company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited UK 1 Dormant 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Group Nominees Limited UK 1 Dormant 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Group Limited UK 1 Dormant 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting yy. 1 Intermediate holding company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary

Group Limited

6 These companies were im members" volLrtary iqudation as at 91 March 2024 and remain is liquidation es of the date of this fopo"t Tease comparies are barrg iquidated to simply the
hisionecal naleing company siructure walhin the Group,

alphafme.com


===== page 152 =====
150 Annual Report & Accounts 2624

Notes to the Company financial statements continued

2. Investments and amounts owed by Group undertakings continued

Subsidiary undertakings

Country of
incorporation

Rogistered
address

Principal activity

Class and
percentage of
shares held ~
81 Mareh 2024

Glass and
percentage of
shares held ~
31 March 2023

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
‘UK Limited

Alpna Technology Services
Consulting Limited
Aiviq Limited

Alpha Financial Markets
Consulting, Inc.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
SAS.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
(Luxembourg) S.A.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Netherlands B.V.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Switzerland S.A.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Germany GmbH

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Singapore Pte. Ltd.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Hong Kong Limited

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Australia PTY Limited

Axxsys Limited

Axxsys Financial Software Consulting
Canada Limited

Axxsys Consulting USA Inc.
Axxsys Danmark ApS
Obsidian Solutions Limited

Alpha Technology Services
Consulting S.A.S.

Obsidian Alpha Data Solutions LLC
Belgrade

Alpha FM Consulting Canada Inc.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
(insurance) France $.A.S,

Cionpoint Holdings, inc.
Lionpoint Group, LLC
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Lionpoint Group SA
Lionpoint Group Pty Limited
Lionpoint GmbH

Alpha Data Solutions Limited

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
‘MENA Ltd’?

Shoreline Asset and Wealth
Consulting Inc.“*

Shoreline Consolidated PTY Lid’®
Shoreline Consulting Pre. Ltd.
Shoreline Consulting PTY Ltd

UK

UK
UK
USA

France
Luxemoourg
Netherlands
Switzerland
Germany
Singapore
Hong Kong

Australia
UK
Canada

USA
Denmark
UK

France

Serbia
Canada
France

USA

USA

uK
‘Switzerland
Australia
Germany
UK

UK

Canada

Australia
Singapore
Australia

1

a

22
23
22

Consultancy services

Dormant
Consultancy services

Consultancy services

Corsultancy services

Consultancy services

Consultancy services

Consultancy services

Consultancy services.

Consultancy services

Consultancy services

Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services

Dormant
Consultancy services:
Consultancy services

Consultancy services

Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services

intermediate holding company
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consuitancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services.
Dormant

Consuttancy services

Dormant

Intermediate holding company
Consultancy services
Consultancy services

100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary

400% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
190% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

400% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary

NA

NA
N/A
N/A

27 inna FRAC (Newco) Limiess has changed la "ere "9 Alba F aro: Markels Cons. ing MENA Lig

2RLAK Shorea emibes were acau rad. May 2023

aiphafme.com


===== page 153 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024151

Registered addresses

1 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB, UK

12 East 49” Street, New York, NY 10017, USA

6 Square de Opéra Louis Jouvet, 75009 Paris, France

19/21 Route d’Arlon — bloc B, L-8009 Strassen, Luxembourg
Strozzilaan 101, Amsterdam, 1083 HN, The Netherlands
Stockersirasse 55, 8002 Zurich, Switzeriand

Kurt - Blaum ~ Platz 8, 63450 Hanau, Germany

6A Shenton Way #04-01 Downtown Gallery, Singapore 088815

© enan kwon

22/F Neich Tower, 128 Gloucester Road, Wanchat, Hong Kong
10 Quay Quarter Tower, 50 Bridge Street, Sydney NSW 2000, Australia

11 1800-13401 108" Avenue, Surrey, British Columbia V3T 573, Canada

12 Incorp Services, Inc., 919 North Market Street, Suite 950, Wilmington, DE 19801
13. Flaesketorvet 68, DK-1711 Copenhagen, Denmark

44 Dvadesetsedmog marta 6-6, 11060 Palliula, Belgrade, Serbia

15 Suite 1700, Park Place, 666 Burrard Street, Vancouver, BC V6C2X8, Canada

z
3
Fe
3
2
=
g
2
&
2
B
2
&

16 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, Delaware 19808-1674, USA

17 8 The Green, Suite A, Dover, Delaware 19901, USA

18 Rue d'ltalie 11, 1204, Geneva, Switzerland

19 Ground Floor, 123 Walker Street, North Sy¢ney NSW, 2060, Australia
20 c/o KUNZ Rechtsanwaite, AntonitersiraBe 14-16, Kéln, 50567, Germany

2

199 Bay Street, Suite 5300 Commerce Court West, Toronto, Ontario, MSL 1B9 Canada
22 Accru Feisers, Level 6, 1 Chifley Square, Sydney, NSW 2000
23 Marina Bay Financial Centre, 8 Marina Boulevard #11-00, 018981, Singapore

3. Auditor remuneration

Amounis receivable by the Company's auditor and its associates in respect of services to the Company and its associates, other than
the audit of the Company's financial statements, have not been disclosed as the information is instead disclosed on a consolidated
basis in note 3 of the consolidated financial statements.

4, Deferred tax
Movements in deferred tax

Recognised Recognised

1 April 2023 in income inequity 31 March 2024

As at $1 March 2024 £000 £000 £°00 £7000

Share options 1,028 (91) (377) 560

Deferred tax asset 1,028 (91) (377) 560
Recognised Recognised

1 April 2022 in income in equity 31 March 2023

As at 31 March 2023, £000 £000 £000 £7000

Share options 3,213 (1,090) (1,095) 1,028

Deferred tax asset 3,213 (1,090) (1,095) 1,028

For the year ended 31 March 2024, the Company has recognised a total charge of £0.2m (FY 23: £0.8m] of tax through equity, of which
£0.4m (FY 23: $1.1m) relates to @ reduction in deferred tax on share options outstanding, partly offset vy a £0.2m credit {FY 23: £0.3m)
relating to current tax on the exercise of share options.

alphatme.com


===== page 154 =====
152 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the Company financial statements continued

§. Trade and other receivables

FY 24 FY 23

£000 £000
Prepayments 398 68
Current trade and other receivables 398 68
6. Cash and cash equivalents

FY 24 FY 23

£1000 £000
Gash in bank and at hana 23 205
Gash and cash equivalents 23 205
7. Trade and other payables

FY 24 FY 23

£000 £000
‘Amounts owed to Group undertakings. 1,050 13,832
Other payables 567 574
Social security tax on share options 340 S01
Total amounts owed within one year 1,957 14,407

Amounts owed to Group undertakings reduced by £12.2m to £1.1m (FY 23: £13.37) resulting trom regayments of intercompany loans
during the year.

8. Other non-current liabilities

FY 24 FY 23
£000 £7000
Social security tax on share options 26 57
Total amounts owed after one year 26 87
9. Financial instruments
Carrying amount of financial instruments
The carrying amounts of the financial assets and liabilities include:
Fy 24 Fv 23
£000 £7000
Financial assets measured at amortised cost 90,685, 165,285
Financial assets measured at historical cost 70,493 4,346
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost (1,983) (14,464)
Net financial assets 159,195 152,165.

The book value of the financial instruments 1s deemed to be approximate to fair value

Tre Company's financial instruments comprise intercompany recevabies, Investments in subsidiaries, cash and trade and other
payables. These financial instruments arise in the ordinary course of business and their main purpose 's to provide finance for tne
Group's operations:

The Group's operations exoa3e it to credit risk arising from intercompany receivables. Management nas overall responsibility for internal
control and risk management by the Company. The policies set by management are plemented by the Company's finance team

Credit risk

The Company's creat risk is prmaniy attrioutable to its intercompany recevables The Company provides financing to other entities
within the Group on an unsecured and typically interest-ree basis, repayable on demang, There 1s no collateral nelo on these receivable
balances. The expected credit loss on the Company's financial assets Is measured annually based on historical datapoints and an
assessment of the forward-looking probanility of default. The expected credit loss on the Company's intercompany receivables Is
immaterial as at 31 March 2024

The Directors constaer the intercompany recelvabies to represent a low credit nsk and credit nsk is not considered to have increased
signtficantly since initial recognition. The wider Group has a strong liquidity position and there is no current expectation by the Drectors
for repayment of the intercompany balances in the short term.

alphatme.cam


===== page 155 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 = 153

'

10. Share-based payments

Options under the Group's ‘management incentive plan” share option schemes have been granted to employees of the Comoary.
For further information, including the terms and conditions of these awards please refer to note 22 of the Group's consolidated
financial statements.

FY 24 FY 23,
‘Weighted Weighted
average average
Exercise price remaining Exercise price remaining
of outstanding contractual of outstanding contractual
options life options life
Years £ Years
Management incentive plan awards Nominal 13 Nominal 14

The Company's weighted average share price at the date of exercised awards in the year was £3.50.

The Company recognised a share-based payment expense in the year of £0.1m (FY 23: £12). A credit of £0.1m [FY 23: a charge of 0.3m}
to the statement of comprehensive income was recognised in relation to the realignment of the associated sacial security liabilities to
reflect assumptions at the year end, including the Group's lower share price.

All share options granted in FY 24 will be forfaited due to the performance conditions associated with the awards not being satisfied.
Therefore, there is no share-asec payment charge or associated social security cost in relation to these awards. Refer to the
Remuneration Committee report on p. 86 for further details.

As disclosed in the PY 23 Annual Report and Accounts, Fuan Fraser stepped down from the role of Chief Executive Officer and from the:
Board on 31 March 2023 and remained with the Group as a strategic adviser cn a part-time basis. This resulted in an acceleration to the
share-based payment charge in relation to Euan’s share options in FY 23, as all employment-linked concitions attached to these options
were removed,

z
3
3
8
z
&
2
g
&
3
3
s
E

Assumptions associated with the calculation of the social security tax liability due on vesting of share options include an estimation of
the forward-looking share price at the vesting date based on applicable analyst research and applicable future tax rates. For these
purposes, share price is updated at each reporting peried to reflect historical levels, and Is assumed to grow in line with the estimated
future performance of the business.

11. Related parties
Identity of related parties with which the Company has transacted

The Company has not engaged in any transactions with any related parties other than with wholly owned subsidiaries.
These transactions have not been disclosed as the Company has taken advantage of exemptions under FRS 101.

12. Events after the reporting period

On 20 June 2024, the Board of Directors announced a recommenced cash offer to acquire the Company oy Actium Bidco (UK) Limited,
anewly incorporated indirect subsidiary of certain funds managed by Bridgepoint Advisers Limited, which is expected to be implemented
by way of a scheme of arrangement.

alphafme.com


===== page 156 =====
154 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

SASB disclosure

The mission of the Sustainability Accounting Standards Beard
{SASB" is to develop and disseminate sustainablity accounting
standards that help public corporations disciose material,
decision-usef information 10 investors. The Group adopts

the SASB framework as it allows organisations to provide
comparable and consistent ESG-related data, As a “professional
and commercial services” organisation under SASB, the material
factors according to the SASB framework are as follows

data security:
- workiorce alversity & engagement, and
~ professional integrity.

The below tables provide the numeric metrics relating to these
factors over the past 12 months where applicable, in addition to
the internal frameworks Used to manage these risks on an ongoing
basis. Further qualitative data for each of the material factors is
provided throughout the Annual Report, The Group also recognises
the increasing importance of the environment to its investors
employees and other stakeholders, which it descrines in addition
to the required disclosure.

Topic
Data Security

Principal focations in this Annual Report
Risk management p. 59

Looking after our people: emphasis on
culture and inclusion p. 37

Social: diversity and inclusion p. 44

Workforce Diversity
& Engagement

Professional Integrity Sustainable business: governance
PP 41-43; and community and sociat

responsibility pp 44-45

ESG metrics:

Topic: Data Security

Measurement fag
Number of data breaches -

FY 23 SASBCode
= SV-PS-230a.3

Description of approach ta identifying and addressing data

security risks, S¥-PS-250a4

Alpha continues to monitor and maintain a robust security posture
across the organisation. Aipna seeks to address the ever-evolving
cyber threat landscape by monitoring and improving, as appropriate,
global security measures and controls

The Group's (T and data security strategy alsa ensures that the
confidentiality, integrty and availabiity of data is maintained and
is frequently assessed and updated ‘o remain aligned with global
data protection frameworks and regulations:

Alpha has identified a number of key Nsk areas that are regutarly
monitored and considered including: the misuse of data: accidental
oF intentional dissemination of data; foss, theft or compramise of
data and/or information; incorrect data being used for internal or
external purposes; and unauthorised access of equipment and/or
physical resources,

alphatme.com

Internat polates ana governance

Alpha maintains 4 suite of information security policies, which
aye reviewed and updated regularly, Alpha’s IT and information
security function recommend relevant changes and they are
approved by the senior leadership teamn, represented by the
Group Coordination Committee.

‘These policies are based upon best practice from the National
Institute of Standards and Technology ("NIST") framework.
Policies include but are not limited to:

Acceptable use:
~ Agcess control:
— Antivirus and threat management,
— Asset management:
— Data privacy;
-- Data encryption;
- Inforrnation security training;
~ Password management;
— Secure development,
~ Wireless network policy; and
Business continuity and disaster recovery,

The information security policies attest to the responsibility,
gavernance and business practices that Aipha applies to the
topics surrounding iT and data security, and enable the Group to
validate information security and risk posture on a constant basis.

Semor oversight and executive sponsorship

Alpha's Head of IT. reparting inta the Group Head of Operations,
is responsible for the oversight and management of incidents,
tisks, and remedial activities pertaining to Alpha’s IT, infrastructure
and information security function, Executive sponsorship of 'T and
data security in the leadership team is provided by the Group
Managing Director and day-to-day oversight is the responsibility
of the information Security Lead.

Alpha operates an interna! Information Security Management
Forum ("SMP"), chaired by the information Security Lead. The
iSMF meets regularly to review incigents, risk and mitigation
activities across trie Group. This forum is a'so used to identity and
oversee the activities that are required to mest security accreditations
and certifications: for example, managing activities pertaining to
Aiviq's 1803-27001 certification. In the year, Aiviq also suocesstully
obtained the Cyber Essential Plus certification.


===== page 157 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 155

Workfores traning and awareness

Al Alpha employees are trained and empowered to take responsibilty
for data security across the organisation. Mandatory data handling
and information security training is issued annually with a positive
pass required of each employee. This mandatory annual training
is supplemented throughout te year with security awareness
training modules, delivered electronically

Social engineering assessments are additionally undertaken with
analysis and benchmarking against industry average statistics.
Further mandatory training is issued as a follow up follawing
completion of these assessments. Technical safeguards such as
multifactor authentication MFA"), secure email gateway, secure
cloud access gateway, DMARC anti-spooting controls anc
shishing reporting are also implemented.

Cloud security and monitoring

Alpha continues to adopt market-leading cloud technologies to
ensure a multi-layered approach in defending its infrastructure,
people and cata trom emerging cyber threats. Using these platforms,
Alpha had deployed a broad range of technical controls around
encryption, intrusion detection and prevention, data leak prevention,
traffic inspection, and threet scanning. Addtionally, new technologies
are regularly evaluated as Aloha continues to assess the security
landscape and identifies potential changes in risk. Given the
continuation of hybrid working, further investment has also been
made in the Group's Endpoint protection and detection suite, which
includes best in class technologies and threat intelligence capability.

Proactive monitoring across Aipha’s core infrastructure is undertaken
by the security operations centre (‘SOC’), for which Alpha leverages
a quaified third party (ADO Digital). The SOC enabies the organisation
to assess robustly alerts and events, correlate with threat
intelligence and take the appropriate course of investigation.

Robust incident and breach response

The Group Head of Legal & Corporate Affairs oversees Alpha’s
protection and privacy framework, including compliance with al!
rolevant regulations. The Group Head of Operations oversees
operational procedures aligned to that framework with support
from the IT and business support teams.

Alpha operates @ unified global incident response and breach
management process, which ensures we are able to appropriately
assess and triage all data security incidents, and ensure that the
most effective remediation is applied. The response function
ensures the timely containment of any incident(s) and impact
assessment, and handles both internal and external notifications
{if ane when required)

During the previous 12 months, there were no reportable dlata breaches.

Description of policies and practices relating to collection,
usage, and retention @f custorner information SV PS-230a.2

Alpha fully understands its custodial obligations around protecting
intemal, employee and client information, In jine with this, Alpha
has implemented and annually reviews a global data orotection
policy and privacy statement, which comprises relevant privacy
notices relating to different areas of the business. Alpha's privacy
statement explains the types of information collected and processed,
and governance of the usage attributed to this data collection,
and outlines the appropriate data retention schedules.

in accordance with the privacy statement, Alpha collects anc
processes contact and organisational information for legitimate

business purposes, safeguarded by a sulle of technical controls
to mitigate the risk of data breaches arising from external threats

All systems and applications are configured on a taast-privilege
‘oasis, ensuring access to data is appropriate by job function. All
cloud platforms are assessed at the paint of implementation and
annually thereafter to assess data residency and ongoing
compliance with the appropnate regional legisiation.

To further mitigate risks associated with data handing and
security, Aloha has deployed several risk controls including:

— Annual review and aopreval of global information security
policies by the Group Coordination Committee:

— Executive sponsorship of IT and data security in the leadershio
team is provided by the Group Managing Director;

g
&
a
4
a
8
3
8
iS
3

Clear oversight of and responsibility for the data protection and
ofivacy framework by the Global Head of Legel & Corporate Affairs

Clear lines of operational «esponsibility and engagement
across the global data protection governance. overseen
by the Group Head of Operations;

Training and awareness to promote good cyber hygiene and
ouild a security aware culture;

— Sacial engineering assessments across the global warktorce,
robustly analysed to benchmark attack susceptibility against
industry averages:

- Security operations centre performing real-time infrastructure
monitoring, correlating events and alerts with threat analytic
feeds and other sources of intelligence;

Adoption of a cloud-tirst IT architecture model, built upon
zero-trust security principles:

Due diligence, vetting and annual auciting of cloud providers
is undertaken to validate information security and risk posture
around these applications; and

Regular external collaboration with cybersecurity specialists

alphatme.com


===== page 158 =====
156 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

SASB disclosure sontinued

ESG metrics: continued
Topic: Workforce Diversity & Engagement’?

Measurement SASB Code
Percentage of gender representation SV-PS-3308.1
Male Female Other Nua
Level FY 24 FY 23 FY 24 FY 23 FY 24 FY 23 FY 24 FY 23
Directors and equivaient 83.5% 85.8% 15.7% — 13.3% 0.0% = 0.0% 08% = 0.9%
Managers, senior managers, associate
directors and squivatent 707% 69.3% 28.5% © 30.5% 0.4% = 0.0% 0.4% 0.2%
Analysts, consultants and equivalent 60.8% 62.9% 379% «36.4% 00% 0.0% 1.2% 0.7%
Overall split 68.5% 68.5% 30.6% 31.0% 0.2% 02.0% 0.8% 0.5%
Measurement SASB Code
Percentage of racial/ethnic group representation {UK} SV-PS-330a.1
Asian or Black or Mixed: White or
Asian British Black British background __White British Other NA
Level Fy24 FY23 FY24 FY23 FY24 FY 23 FY24 FY 23 FY 24 FY23 FY24 FY23
Directors and equivalent 32% 18% 1.69 18% 1.6% 1.8% 75.8% 89.5% 1.6% 0.0% 16.1% 5.3%
Managers, senior managers,
associate directors 14.7% 15.6% 21% 3.19 25% 3.19% 66.09% 87.6% 2.50% 1.9% 12.2% 9.9%
and equivalent
Analysts, consultants 9 y
and equivalent 12.3% 175% 4.4% 5.3% 5.7% 3.5% 58.2% 626% 3.8% 35% 14.6% 7.6%
Overall split 127% 146% 28% 3.8% 3.5% 3.1% 64.6% 68.4% 2.8% 2.0% 13.5% 8.2%
Measurement SASB Code
Percentage of racial/ethnic group representation (North America) SV-PS-330a,t
Black or Hispanic
Asian African American White Other NIA
Level FY¥24 FY 23 FY24 FY23 FY24 FY 23 FY24 FY23 FY24  FY23 FY24 FY 23
Directors and equivalent 9.1% 11.1% 0.0% 06.0% 0.0% 0.0% 75.8% 778% 61% 37% 91% 7.4%
All other employees 18.8% 15.3% 3.2% 3.6% 23% 3.6% 424% 491% 51% 4.6% 31.2% 23.8%
Overall split 151% 14.9% 2.9% 3.2% 2.0% 3.2% 45.6% 51.6% 5.2% 4.5% 29.1% 22.4%
Moasurement FY 24 FY23 SASB Code
Voluntary turnover rate of employees 6.7% 12.2% SV-PS-330a.2
Employee engagement as a percentage 81.0% 73.5% SV-PS-3302.3

2 Guen we nasite of tra mmr ose
DONA calars tp wrk owe, a

“3 goal

er'aghs Used 36 08" cI se SASB ulsciosuce “R10
J rear 19-38), Ae Mparlart pat of thse" gong Chesil and peat

uM Tegererairg =orsutats as ue ap
Wetappal Ape 97 arseacuns te rage

lahere acnrapriate aha 0 expan sine aaa 5.03 4r amen 4 -2buttIng 30 as se prov de a sider vewig! “ces performs agarst he fore Pease cee ”

Jee lire reper for Tere elormaicr
1 Emp eyes engagement gata lor F 22 ard FY 25 as Dased 2r Ire arc“ymaus ‘aecbar a Sur eey cordciea a!

alphatme.com

the year ie whch at teams carlorsated

wairens ‘oat ors "eam
tes camber S-Ni
Akers ty ar reser



===== page 159 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 157

Topic: Professional Integrity
Measurement FY 24 FY 23 SASB Cade

Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legai proceedings associated with
professional integrity

- - SV-PS-510a.2

Description of approach to ensuring professional integrity SV-PS-330Da1

Acting with integrity is suoscribed into Alpna’s core values. To support this, Alpha maintains clear policies for its employees on such
topics as anti-bribery, confidentiality, IT security and acceptable use, whistlebiowing and tax evasion. Annual performance reviews
include an assessment of professional integrity and compliance with company policies. The Group will continue to review its adherence
to high orofessional standards and business ethics and introduce new golicies and training for its teams as appropriate for the Group's
business model and range of services

Operating according to strang standards of transparency, honesty, business ethics and professional integrity means that Alpha is able
to identify, understand and meet consistently the high expectations of its clients and wider stakeholders. Alpha is also cognisant of its
wider relationships end is developing its approach to managing business and supplier relationships in respect of human rights and
ethical standards, such as through its Living Wage application.

Alpha is committed to delivering the highest relationship and delivery standards to all clients and prospective clients. As part of this
commitment, the professional conduct of the Group is at all times fair and professional, premised upon:

— Promoting Alpha’s services honestly and fairly:
— Preserving the confidentiality and privacy of client businesses;

Acting lawfully and ethically at all times; and

Delivering projects in line with the terms of the engagement as well as any wider services agreements.

itis the responsibility of the Alpha engagement lead, supported by the client account owner, to ensure that client expectations are met
‘on each client project. The head of each business area then oversee the engagement and satisiaction of clients with the Group's.
products and service offering, ensuring that they are aligned to the Group's high professional standards

£2 This covers losses arising ott of legal proceedings agamnst Alpha in connection wih is relalionship wath ckenis ard Ihe delvery of professinral services to ls clients.

alphatme.com



===== page 160 =====
158 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Directors and advisers

Directors

Ken Fry
Luc Baqué
Joinn Paton
Penny Judd
Jill May
Maeve Byme

Company number
osgesza7

Registered office
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ple

60 Gresham Street
London £C2V 7BB

Auditor
RPMG LLP

EastWest
Toihouse Hil)
Nottingham NG1 5FS.

Registrar
Computershare

The Pavilions
Bridgewater Road
Bristol BS99 6ZZ

alphafme.com

Nominated Adviser

Investec Bank ple

30 Gresham Street

London EC2V 7QN

Joint Brokers

Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co.

60 Threadneedle Street

London EG2R BHP

Investec Bank ple

30 Gresham Street

London EC2V 7QN

Company Secretary
Georgina Sheriey

company secretary@alphatne.com
Corporate and investor website
alphaime.convinvestors

Client website
alphairne.com


===== page 161 =====
WORLD
LAND
TRUST™

aed
ec
F3c-coor7es ) Necattonbalancedpaper com

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ple’s commitment to environmental
issues is selected in this Annual Report, which has been printed on
Magno Satin, an FSC” certified material. This document was printed by
Park Communications using its environmental print technology, which
minimises the impact of printing on the environment, wath 98% of dry
waste diverted from landfill. Both the printer and the paper mill are
registered to ISO 14001,

Produced by

designportfolio


===== page 162 =====
