

===== page 1 =====
Aiviq Limited

Annual report and financial statements
Registered number 11480862
31 March 2024

IMI

A30 19/12/2024 #23
COMPANIES HOUSE

THURSDAY


===== page 2 =====
Aivig Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Contents

Company information

Directors’ report

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the Directors’ report and the financial statements
Profit and loss account

Balance sheet

Statement of changes in equity

Notes to the financial statements.

DNOaanas


===== page 3 =====
Company Information

Directors

Company number

Registered office

Auditor

Banker

JC Paton
LU Griggs
GA Cook

11480862

60 Gresham Street
London

EC2V 7BB

United Kingdom

KPMG LLP
EastWest
Toiihouse Hill
Nottingham

NG1 5FS
United Kingdom

HS8C Bank UK pie
1 Centenary Square
Birmingham

Bi 1HQ
United Kingdom

Page 1

Alviq Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024


===== page 4 =====
Aivig Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Directors’ report

The Directors present their report and the unaudited financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2024.
Principal activities

The principal activity of the Company is the provision of consulting related services and software products to
clients in the asset and wealth management industry.

Results and dividend

For the year ended 31 March 2024 (FY 241), the Company recorded revenue of £3,454,000 (FY 23:
£3,375,000). Loss aiter tax decreased to £939,000 (FY 23: £1,084,000). This represents an increasing client
base in the year, and continued focus on building further scale, as well as reduced variable staff costs in the
year. The Company remains in a net current liabilities position at 31 March 2024, primarily driven by amounts
owed to other Group? entities, with the Company also holding £179,000 (FY 23: £1,110,000) of cash for
‘ongoing operations.

The Directors have not recommended the payment of a final dividend (FY 23: £nil).

Future developments

The Directors are optimistic of further improved financial performance in the coming year, whilst remaining
mindful of the continuing macro-economic uncertainty. Aiviq continues to present an attractive client data and
analytics software proposition for asset managers and continues to add clients. The Directors see further
potential in this offering.

Directors
The Directors who held office during the year and at the date of this report were as follows:

JC Paton

LU Griggs

GA Cook

Political contributions

The Company made no political donations and incurred no political expenditure during the year (FY 23: Enil).
Engagement with suppliers and customers

The Directors note the importance of fostering strong relationships with customers and suppliers through open
communication and having regard for these relationships in strategic decisions made relating to the Company.

Environmental reporting

In accordance with the Companies Act 2006 and HM Government's ‘Environmental Reporting Guidelines’, the
Company has not repeated those disclosures required in relation to the Company's environmental! reporting
responsibilities (including Streamlined Energy and Carbon reporting) on the basis that this information is
included on pp 46-51 of the Group's Annual Report & Accounts 2024, which are available on the Group's
website.

Audit

For the year ending 31 March 2024, the Company was entitled to exemption from audit under s479A of the
Companies Act 2006. The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities under the Companies Act 2006
regarding accounting records and the preparation of these accounts, and confirm the members of the Company
have not required an audit of these accounts.

1 FY 24 is the financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2024, By comparison, FY 23 is the previous financial year
covering the 12 months to 31 March 2023. FY 25 is the subsequent financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March
2025.

2 Group refers to the Company's ultimate parent as at 31 March 2024, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc, and its subsidiaries,

Page 2


===== page 5 =====
. , Aivig Limited
Annual report and financiat statements
31 March 2024

Directors’ report (continued)
By order of the Board.

Cy oath bs
/

Greg Cook
Director

60 Gresham Street
London

United Kingdom
EC2V 7BB

17 December 2024

Page 3


===== page 6 =====
Aivig Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Statement of Directors’ responsibi
and the financial statements

ies in respect of the Directors’ report

The directors are responsible for preparing the Directors’ Report and the financial statements in accordance
with applicable law and regulations.

Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that iaw
they have elected to prepare the financial statements in accordance with UK accounting standards and
applicable law (UK Generally Accepted Accounting Practice), including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure
Framework.

Under company law the directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they
give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for that
period. In preparing these financiat statements, the directors are required to:

+ select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently:
+ make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

+ state whether applicable UK accounting standards have been followed, subject to any materiat
departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements;

+ assess the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters
felated to going concern; and

+ use the going concem basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to
cease operations, or have no realistic altemative but to do so.

The directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain
the Company's transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the
Company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2008. They
are responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial

' statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or eror, and have general
responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the Company
and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.

Under applicable law and regulations, the Directors are also responsible for preparing a Directors’ Report that
complies with that law and those regulations.

The directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the corporate and financial information
included on the Company's website. Legislation in the UK goveming the preparation and dissemination of
financial statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.

Page 4


===== page 7 =====
Profit & loss account
for the year ended 31 March 2024

Revenue
Cost of sales

Gross loss

Administration expenses

Operating loss

Olher interest payable and similar expense

Loss before taxation

Taxation

Loss for the year

Note

Aivig Limited

Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2024

Year ended 31 Year ended 31
March 2024 March 2023,
£000 £000

3,454 3.978
(3,672) (4,024)
(218) (649)
(1.069) (808)
(1,287) (1.457)
(1,287) 487)
348 373

(939) (1,084)

In both the current and preceding year, the Company made no acquisitions and had no discontinued operations.
There was no other comprehensive income in either the current or preceding year and therefore no separate

statement of other comprehensive income has been presented.
The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.

Page 5


===== page 8 =====
Balance sheet

as at 31 March 2024

Note
Non-current assets
Investments 10
Property, plant and equipment 8
Capitalised imptementation costs "
Intangible assets g
Amounts awed by Group undertakings n
Current assets
Trade and othar receivables: “
Deferred tax asset 7
Corporation tax
Cash at bank and in hand 12
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables 13
Net current liabilities
Total assets less current liabilities
Non-current liabilities:
‘Other non-current abiities: 14
Net liabilities
Capital and reserves.
fssued share capital 15
Retained earnings.
Other reserves:

Total shareholders’ equity

' . Aivig Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

As at As al

31 March 2024 31 March 2023

£000 £000 £000 £000

30 26

79 412

att -

406 ~

826 138
281 m
252 179
: 11
179 4110
698 2131
7.023) 6.754)
(7.023) (6.754)

(6.325) (4.623)

(6,499) (4,485)

(192) (232)

(5,691) (arity

(6.874) (4,932)

180 215

(5.681) 4.717)

For the year ending 31 March 2024, the Company was entitled to exemption from audit under s479A of the
Companies Act 2006. The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities under the Companies Act 2006 regarding
accounting records and the preparation of these accounts, and confirm the members of the Company have not

required an audit of these accounts.

The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements. These financial statements were approved and
authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 17 December 2024. They were signed on its behalf by:

Fae atd
fot

Greg Cook
Director

Company registered number: 14480862

Page 6


===== page 9 =====
Statement of changes in equity
for the year ended 31 March 2024

‘As at 1 April 2022

Total comprehensive income for the period
Loss for the year

Transactions with owners
Dividends

Current tax recognised in equity
Deferred tax recognised in equity

As at 31 March 2023

Total comprehensive income for the period
Loss for the year

Transactions with owners
Dividends

Current tax recognised in equity
Deferred tax recognised in equity

‘As at 31 March 2024

The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.

Page 7

Aivig Limited
Annual report and financial statements

34 March 2024
Totat
Issued Other Retained Shareholders’
share capital reserves _ earnings equity
£000 £000 £000 £000
- - (3,848) (3,848)
- - (1,084) (1,084)
- 122 - 122
- 93 : 93
: 215 (4.932) (4,717)
- - (939) (939)
. (35) - (38)
: 180 (5.871) (5,691)



===== page 10 =====
. Aivig Limited
Annual report and financial statements,
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements
(forming part of the financial statements)

1 Accounting poli
General information

Aiviq Limited (the “Company") is a Company limited by shares, domiciled and registered in the UK. The
registered number is 11480862 and the registered address is 60 Gresham Street, London, United Kingdom,
EC2V 7BB.

These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced
Disclosure Framework (“FRS 101").

Basis of preparation

in preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement and disclosure
requirements of International Financial Reporting Standards (“Adopted IFRSs"), but makes amendments
where necessary in order to comply with Companies Act 2006 and has set out below where advantage of the
FRS 101 disclosure exemptions has been taken. Further, in accordance with Section 414A (2) and 414B {(b)
of the Companies Act 2006, the Company has taken the exemption from preparing a strategic report.

The Company's ultimate parent undertaking, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting pic, includes the Company
in its consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets
Consulting ple are available to the public and may be obtained from 60 Gresham Street, London, United
Kingdom, EC2V 7BB or on the website at alphafme.com/investors.

In these financial statements, the Company has applied the exemptions available under FRS 101 in respect of
the following disclosures:
+ Acash flow statement and related notes;
+ Comparative period reconciliations for share capital, tangible fixed assets, intangible assets and
investment properties;
+ Disclosures in respect of transactions with wholly owned subsidiaries;
+ Disclosures in respect of capital management;
+ The effects of new but not yet effective IFRS;
+ The requirements of paragraphs 17 and 18A of IAS 24 Related Party Disclosures; and
+ The requirements in IAS 24 to disclose related party transactions entered into between two or
more members of a group, provided that any subsidiary which is a party to the transaction is wholly
owned by such a member.

As the consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting pic include the equivatent
disclosures, the Company has also taken the exemptions under FRS 101 available in respect of the following
disclosures:
+ IFRS 2 Share-based Payment in respect of Group settled share-based payments:
+ Certain disclosures required by IFRS 16 Leases in relation to disclosure of the Company's leasing
activities; and
+ The requirements of IFRS 7 Financial instruments: Disclosures.

The accounting policies set out below have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods
presented in these financial statements.

These financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, except for certain financial
instruments that are measured at fair value.

The presentational currency of these financial statements and the functional currency of the Company is

pounds sterling. All amounts in these financial statements have been rounded to the nearest £1,000, unless
stated otherwise.

Going concern

In assessing the Company's ability to continue on a going concem basis for a period of at least 12 months
from the approval of these financial statements (the “going concem period”), the Directors considered the
Company's projected cash flows, access to intercompany funding from other Group entities, cash liquidity
and existing borrowing facilities.

Page 8


===== page 11 =====
: Aivig Limited
Annual report and financial statements.
34 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)

Going concern (continued)

Notwithstanding net current liabilities of £6,325,000 as at 31 March 2024, the financial statements have been
prepared on a going concern basis. The Directors consider this to be appropriate on the basis of cash flow
forecasts prepared for the wider Group, which support the ability of the Company to operate as a going
concem. The Group prepared cash flow forecasts covering the going concern period, which have been
revised to reflect the acquisition of the Group by Actium Bidco (UK) Limited after the reporting date, as
disclosed in note 17, including the restructuring of the Group’s financing arrangements through the going
concern period. The Directors of the Group considered the principal risks and mitigants and analysed a base
case, reflecting the Group's board approved budget for the going concern period, as well as a reasonably
possible downside scenario. This downside scenario models a 20% reduction in Group forecast revenue with
some limited cost mitigants applied. These modelled mitigants consist of a hiring freeze alongside a partial
reduction in the Group's discretionary profit share bonus payment budgeted for the FY 25 performance year,
with the Group's underlying cost base unaffected. In this reasonable downside scenario, the Group has relied
upon access to funding of up to £10.0m from the Group's available £50.0m RCF through the going concem
period. No covenant breaches have been identified in either scenario.

The Directors consider this reasonably possible scenario and the sequence of events that could tead to it to
be unlikely. There remains headroom on the Group's RCF to facilitate further liquidity, as well as scope for
further mitigating cost actions to be taken on the underlying cost base, if required.

The ability of the Company to settle its liabilities as they fall due within the going concern period is dependent
on the Company's ultimate parent company not seeking repayment of the amounts currently due to other
companies controlled by the Group, which at 31 March 2024 amounted to £5,801,000. The Company also
has access to additional funding through other Group entities, via the Group's revolving credit facility ("RCF”)
of £50.0m. As with any company placing reliance on other group entities for financial support, the Directors
acknowledge that there can be no certainty that this support will continue although, at the date of approval of
these financial statements, they have no reason to believe that it will not do so.

After careful consideration, the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company's existing
resources, supplemented by the support of the wider Group, are adequate to meet its requirements over the
going concern period. On this basis, the Directors consider that it is appropriate to adopt the going concem
basis in preparing the financial statements.

Principal accounting policies
Significant judgements and estimates

The preparation of financial information in accordance with IFRS requires management to make judgements,
nd assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and reported amounts of assets
s, income and expenses.

The Directors have made one judgement, excluding those involving estimations, in the process of applying the

Company's accounting policies that are considered to have a significant effect on the amounts recognised in
the financial statements for the year ending 31 March 2024.

Revenue recognition

The Directors note that the process of revenue recognition in the Company requires a judgement to be made on
the identification of distinct performance obligations under the Company's software contracts with customers.
These contracts comprise software fees and other related services, which customers can access over the life of
the contract, in line with related performance obligations. Interpretation of the terms of these contracts determine
whether the performance obligation is satisfied over time or at a point in time. For further information on the
accounting policy implemented by the Company, please refer to the revenue recognition policy below.

The Directors have not identified any significant estimates in the year ended 31 March 2024.

Property, plant and equipment

All property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost (or deemed historical cost) less accumulated
depreciation. Cost includes the original purchase price of the asset and the costs attributable to bringing the
asset to its working condition for its intended use.

Depreciation is provided on all property, plant and equipment at rates calculated to write each asset down to
its estimated residual value on a straight-line basis at the following annual rates:

Computer equipment 3 years
Useful economic lives and estimated residual values are reviewed annually and adjusted as appropriate.

Page 9


===== page 12 =====
Aiviq Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)

Foreign currency

Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the Company's functional currency at the average foreign
exchange rate in the month of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
currencies at the balance sheet date are retranslated to the functional currency at the foreign exchange rate
tuling at that date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign
currency are translated using the average exchange rate in the month of the transaction and are not
retranslated. Foreign exchange differences arising on translation to functional currency are recognised in
administration expenses.

Financial instruments

The Company uses financial instruments comprising cash and cash equivalents and other shortterm
instruments, such as trade payables that arise from its operations. The main purpose of these financial
instruments is to fund the Company's business strategy and working capital requirements.

Accounting policies in respect of financial instruments are outlined below.

Financial assets

Financial assets are initially measured at fair value plus or minus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair
value through profit or loss, transaction costs. The Company has not reclassified any financial assets
subsequent to initial recognition as at the balance sheet date. Reclassification of classes of financial assets is
accounted for prospectively in accordance with IFRS 9, where this is required. Any difference on reclassification
from amortised cost to fair value through profit or loss is recognised in the profit and loss at the reclassification
date.

The Company recognises an expected credit loss provision in relation to financial assets. The simplified
method is applied to the Company's trade receivables as described below. The Company's expected credit
loss provision on all other financial assets is immaterial as the probability of default is low. Movements in the
expected credit loss provision are recognised in profit or loss.

Trade and other receivables
Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at fair value, equal to the transaction price and

subsequently measured at amortised cost, less provision for impairment. The trade receivables balance
recorded on the Company's balance sheet are held until realised in cash.

The Company provides services to customers on credit terms with mainly arrears billing. Certain receivables
may not be paid. The Company applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses
which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables. To measure expected credit losses,
trade receivables have been grouped based on shared credit characteristics and the days past due. The
Company consider historical loss rates for each ageing category as a starting point for estimating the expected
credit loss. This historical loss rate is subsequently adjusted for macro-economic and customer-specific factors
of receivables within each ageing category. Characteristics considered by the Company for these purposes
include: historical collection experience for each customer; the assessed liquidity of key customers within the
receivables balance; and other relevant macro-economic factors in order to determine a reasonable and
supportable assessment of the expected lifetime credit risk in the context of the overall year-end trade
receivables due.

Amounts owed by Group undertakings

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at
amortised cost, less provision for impairment. A provision for impairment of intercompany receivables is
established using an expected credit loss model. The Company classifies all intercompany receivables that
form a part of the normal trading cycle of the Company as current, as well as non-trading balances where the
counterparty has sufficient resources to settle the balance within a twelve month period from the balance sheet
date. All other amounts owed by Group undertakings are considered as non-current assets.

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and call deposits and are recorded and subsequently
measured at amortised cost in line with IFRS 9. Bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand and are
included as a component of cash and cash equivalents.

Page 10


===== page 13 =====
Aivig Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

Financial liabilities

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities
designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss. Financial liabilities are classified as held for
trading if they are acquired for the purpose of selling in the near term. This category includes derivative financial
instruments entered into by the Company that are not designated as hedging instruments in hedge relationships as
defined by IFRS 9. As at 31 March 2024, the Company had no derivative financial instruments or designated hedge
relationships.

Other financial liabilities held by the Company are recognised at amortised cost.

Trade and other payables

Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value, equal to the transaction price, and are
subsequently measured at amortised cost. Trade payables due within one year are not discounted.

Amounts owed to Group undertakings
Amounts owed to Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at
amortised cost. Balances due within one year are not discounted.

Leases

The Company leases office premises for use in operations. In line with the practical expedients defined
below, all office leases held by the company are outside of the scope of IFRS 16 in the current and prior
period.

The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets
that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.

The Company has used the practical expedients permitted by IFRS 16 in relation to accounting for leases
with a lease term of less than 12 months as ‘short-term leases’, and those with a low value as ‘low value
leases’. Consequently, no lease liability or right-of-use asset was calculated thereon. These leases are
expensed in the statement of profit and loss. The Company has also used the practical expedient permitted
by IFRS 16 to apply a single discount rate to a portfolio of leases with reasonably similar characteristics.

Jnvestments in subsidiaries

Investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost less any provision for impairment. The Company monitors for
indicators of impairment at each reporting period, and a full impairment assessment is performed on an
annual basis.

The Directors have deemed that no impairment was required in both the current and prior years.
Intangible assets

Intemally developed intangible assets

Capitalised development costs represent the costs incurred in the development of internally generated
software within Aivig Limited.

A useful economic life of 3 years has been deemed appropriate based on the expected project lifecycle in
development of new software. The amortisation charge is recognised in administrative expenses within the
profit and loss account.

impairment of non-financial assets

The carrying amounts of the entity's non-financial assets, other than deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each
reporting date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, then
the assets' recoverable amount is estimated. The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit is
the greater of its value in use and its fair value, less costs to sell. In assessing value in use, the estimated
future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market
assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset.

For the purposes of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the
smatlast group of assets that generates independent cash inflows (the “cash-generating unit’); that is, cash
inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or groups of assets.

Page 11


===== page 14 =====
. : Aivig Limited
Annual report and financial statements
34 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)

impairment of non-financial assets

An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its cash-generating unit exceeds its
estimated recoverable amount. Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. Impairment losses are
allocated between the carrying amounts of other assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro-rata basis as a
reduction in the value of the asset.

Aa impairment loss is reversed if and only if the reasons for the impairment have ceased to apply.

Impairment losses recognised in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indication that the
loss has decreased or no longer exists. An impairment loss is only reversed to the extent that the asset's
carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation
or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

Employee benefits

Defined contribution plans

A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which the Company pays fixed
contributions into a separate entity and will have a tegal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts.
Contributions to defined contribution schemes are charged to the statement of comprehensive income as they
become payable in accordance with the rules of the scheme. Differences between contributions payable in the
year and contributions paid are shown as either accruals or pre-payments in the balance sheet.

Share-based payments
The cost of share-based emplayee compensation arrangements, whereby employees receive remuneration in
the form of shares or share options, is recognised as an employee benefit expense in the statement of profit
cr loss.

The total expense to be apportioned over the vesting period of the benefit is determined by reference to the
fair value (excluding the effect of non-market-based vesting conditions) at the date of grant.

In determining the fair value of share-based payments under IFRS 2, management has considered a number
of internal and external factors in order to judge the probability that management and employee share
incentives may vest. Such judgements involve estimating future performance and other non market-based
factors.

At the end of each reporting period the assumptions underlying the number of awards expected to vest are
adjusted for the effects of non-market-based vesting conditions to reflect the conditions prevailing at that date.
The impact of any revisions to the original estimates is recognised in the statement of profit or loss, with a
corresponding adjustment to the amounts owed to Group undertakings. Fair value is measured by the use of
a binomial model. The assumptions have been adjusted, based on management's best estimate, for the effects
of non-transferability, lack of dividend until vesting and exercise restrictions.

The fair value calculations in both the current and prior years have been extemally assessed as reasonable in
the circumstances.

After vesting, the Company's uitimate parent satisfies share option exercises either through the issuance of
new ordinary shares, or through the transfer of existing shares held in the Company's EBT to the employee.
Any share options not exercised upon vesting remain outstanding until the end of the contracted exercise
Period.

An associated employers’ social security tax liability on these share options is accrued through the vesting
period to align with the payment due upon exercise. The value of this liability at the balance sheet date is.
assessed by reference to the estimated future share price on exercise, where applicable.

Regarding the share-based payments charge relating to employees of the Company, there is an intra-group
recharge arrangement with the Company's ultimate parent undertaking, to reflect the benefits received by the
respective entity in relation to employees granted share options. The Company is considered to be the
receiving entity in the arrangement, in line with the benefit received for services provided through ongoing
employment. The Company's ultimate parent undertaking is deemed to be the settling entity in the intra-Group
arrangement, as share options granted are in relation to ordinary shares of the parent, and recognises the
share-based payments charge for the full Group in other reserves.

Amounts relating to employees who provide services directly to the Company are recorded within the profit
and loss accaunt in the form of a management recharge.

The Company's management and employees have access to an equity settled share-based payment
arrangement for new employees which forms a part of the wider schemes offered across the Group, which are
settled in Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc shares. The Company has two distinct schemes, the
‘management incentive plan’ (“MIP”) and the ‘employee incentive plan’ (“EIP"). These are described below.

Page 12


===== page 15 =====
Aiviq Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)

Employee benefits (continued)
The management incentive plan

The Group has a management incentive plan ("MIP") to retain and incentivise directors and senior
management. The MIP consists of four parts: part A of which will enable the granting of enterprise management
incentive and non-tax advantaged options to acquire shares; part B of which will enable the awarding of JSOPs,
part C of which will enable the awarding of restricted stock units (‘RSUs") for participants in the US; and part D
of which will enable the awarding of RSUs in France (together the “eptions”).

In prior years, the majority of options granted to certain directors and senior management of the Group were
subject to the fulfilment of three or more of the following periormance conditions: (a) the Group achieving
adjusted EPS growth of 15.0% or more to trigger a maximum award, or 10.0% to trigger a 66% award, with a
linear application of awards between these levels; (b) the Group achieving a total shareholder retum ("TSR")
over three years in excess of the mean TSR delivered by a peer group of comparable companies; (c) personal
adherence to corporate values and risk policy; and (d} specific business unit EBITDA, or other personal targets.
and goals.

As disclosed last year, the Remuneration Committee approved performance conditions for FY 23 awards, which
further modified the adjusted EPS growth range set out above to reflect the growth of the Group since AIM
admission. The criteria for these share incentive awards to certain directors and senior management of the
Group, depending on the individual and their role, include: (a) the Group achieving adjusted EPS growth of
11.25% or more to trigger a maximum award, or 7.5% to trigger a 66% award, with a linear application of awards
between these levels; (b) personal adherence to corporate values and risk policy; and (c) specific business unit
EBITDA, or other personal targets and goals. These criteria were also applied to FY 24 awards granted in the
year.

Awards to senior management also contain a market condition requiring the Group to achieve a TSR over three
years in excess of the mean TSR delivered by a peer group of comparable companies.

MIP awards have either nominal or minimal exercise price payable in order to acquire shares pursuant to
options. MIP awards have either three- or four-year vesting periods from the date of grant and are usually equity
settled.

The employee incentive plan

In addition to the MIP, the Board has previously put in place a medium-term employee incentive plan (“EIP”).
Under the EIP, a broad base of the Company's employees has been granted share options or share awards
‘over a small number of shares. The EIP is structured as is most appropriate under the local tax, legal and
regulatory rules in the key jurisdictions and therefore varies between those jurisdictions. No EIP awards were
made in the cutrent or prior years.

Further disclosure of these schemes is provided within the Group's consolidated 2024 Annual Report &
Accounts, and the share-based payment arrangement concerns equity instruments of the Company's ultimate
parent company, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc, and therefore the Directors have applied disclosure
exemptions for the subsidiary accounts as permitted under FRS 101.

Revenue recognition

Revenue consists of the value of work executed for clients during the year and expenses recharged, exclusive
of VAT. Revenue is classified into net fee income and recharged expenses. Net fee income is measured based
on the transaction price allocated to the performance obligation from the sale of goods or provision of services.
Net fee income is recognised either at a ‘point in time’ when the performance obligation in the contract has been
performed or ‘over time’ as control of the goods or services are transferred to the customer. Recharged
expenses comprise the recharge of costs incidental to fulfilling contracts including flights, subsistence and
accommodation on which nil or negligible margin is earned by the Company. The Company delivers services
that have no alternative use to Alpha (advice to clients, reports, etc.) as the services are specifically tailored to
clients’ projects and scope of work.

Revenue generated from software licensing, hosting and related support services provided over a contracted
period of time is combined and allocated to a single performance obligation. These contracts are considered
to be satisfied over time, in line with the benefits being transferred to the customer. Revenue is recognised on
straightline basis over the contractual license term.

Implementation services provided by the Company to the customer are classified as either being distinct
performance obligations or non-distinct from the licensing and hosting promises described above, dependent
on the fact pattern within the underlying contractual arrangement. The Company considers the level of inter-
dependency between the contractual promises, and whether the customer can consume the benefits of the
licence without the implementation service being performed. Where implementation services are required for
the customer to use the software, these services are considered to be non-distinct from the licensing
performance obligation. Therefore, the Company accounts for these as a single performance obligation

Page 13


===== page 16 =====
: : Aivig Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)

Revenue recognition (continued)

satisfied over the licence term, as described above. The Company generally considers the initial phase of
implementation to be non-distinet from the associated licence, The Company typically bills and receives cash
for these implementation services in advance of the revenue being recognised, resulting in the recognition of
a contract liability.

Other distinct implementation services, as well as separately billable maintenance, support, data assurance
and training are treated as separate performance obligations and revenue is recognised as these services are
delivered.

Contract modifications relating to the renewal of software licences are accounted for as separate revenue
contracts. Other contract modifications are considered on a case by case basis.

Activity performance recognised as revenue in excess of invoices raised are contract receivables and are
included within accrued income, up to the value of the relevant project delivery milestone, where applicable.
On invoicing, the contract receivable is reclassified to trade receivables. Where amounts have been invoiced
in excess of revenue recognised, the excess is a contract liability and is included within deferred income.

In relation to licencing contracts, billing occurs at the beginning of the contractual licence period or
incrementally over the course of the licence, in line with the contractual terms. For implementation services,
billing typically occurs a month in arrears in line with a contractually agreed schedule.

Revenue is wholly attributable to the principal activities of the Company. For all revenue types, payment is
typically due between 30 and 60 days after the invoice date or receipt of invoice, depending on the client and
geography.

Cost of sales

Cost of sales is defined by management as the direct costs associated with the generation of the Company's
revenue, including staff payroll and contractor costs that are directly attributable to the delivery of services and
supporting growth.

With regard to the Company's software licensing arrangements, costs directly related to non-distinct
implementation work that are incurred prior to the commencement of the licence are initially recognised as an
asset and are subsequently amortised through cost of sales on a systematic basis, in line with the transfer of
goods or services to the customer,

Administration expenses

Administration expenses are defined by management as costs incurred by the Company that are not directly
associated with the generation of revenue. This includes items such as head office staff costs, recruitment
and professional fees and IT services, which are expensed as incurred. Administration expenses exclude
finance income and expenses and taxation, which are presented separately in the profit and loss account.

Finance income and finance expense

Finance income includes interest receivable on cash invested. Finance expense includes interest payable,
unwinding of the discount on provisions, and discount unwinding associated with leases within the scope of IFRS.
16.

Interest income and interest payable on bank loans or amounts due to certain Group undertakings is recognised
in profit or loss as it accrues, using the effective interest method.

Taxation
Current and deferred tax is recognised in the profit & loss account.
Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted

or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous
periods.

Deferred tax is provided using the balance sheet liability method, providing for temporary differences between
the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation
purposes. The amount of deferred tax provided is based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement of
the carrying amount of assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the balance
sheet date.

The camying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent
that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to alfow all or part of the asset to be

Page 14


===== page 17 =====
Aiviq Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)

4

Accounting policies (continued)

Taxation (continued)
recovered, Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax
assets against current tax liabilities, and when they relate to taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the
Company intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

New accounting standards and interpretations

The following changes in accounting policies were applied by the Company in these financial statements for the
year ended 31 March 2024. These included the adoption of new standards and interpretations described below.

The International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) have issued

the following standards and interpretations which are now effective

IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts, effective from 1 January 2023;

Amendments to IFRS 17, effective from 1 January 2023;

Disclosure of Accounting Policies (Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2), effective from 1
January 2023;

Definition of Accounting Estimates (Amendments to IAS 8), effective from 1 January 2023;

Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction (Amendments to IAS 12),
effective

from 1 January 2023;

International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules (Amendments to IAS 12) — Application of the exception
and disclosure of that fact, effective from 23 May 2023;

Intemational Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules (Amendments to IAS 12) — other disclosure
requirements, effective from 1 January 2023; and

International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules (Amendments to the ‘IFRS for SMEs’ Standard),
effective from 29 September 2023 (not yet endorsed by the Uk).

The Directors reviewed the nature and effect of these new standards on the Company and noted no material
impact on the financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2024.

The Directors have considered new standards and interpretations that have been issued but not yet been
effective, however have applied the exemption not to disclose this information under FRS 101.

2 Revenue
FY 24 FY23
£000 £000
By activity
Provision and implementation of software and related services 3,454 3.375
3 Auditor’s remuneration
FY 24 FY 23
£000 £000
Audit of these financial statements - 45

As disclosed on p. 119 of the Group's Annual Report & Accounts 2024, the Company has taken advantage
of the parent company guarantee exemption to prepare unaudited accounts in accordance with s479A of the
Companies Act 2006. The guarantee is provided by the ultimate controlling party as at 31 March 2024, Alpha
Financial Markets Consulting pic. Therefore, there is no audit fee in relation to the FY 24 accounts.

Page 15


===== page 18 =====
. Aivig Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)

4 Staff numbers and costs

The average number of persons employed by the Company (including Directors) during the year, analysed by
category, was as follows:

Average number of employees

FY 24 FY 23

Administrative : 1
Sales 28 20
Average number of employees in the year 28 24

The aggregate payroll costs of these persons were as follows:

FY 24 FY23

£000 £000

Wages and salaries 2,172 2,423
Social security casts 278 ot
Contributions to defined contribution plans 87 24
Total staff costs for the year 2,508 2,738

Althe year end, 428,939 (FY 23: 243,962) share options aver the equily in Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Pic, the ultimate parent company, remained outstanding to the Company's management and employees. The
weighted average remaining contractual period to vest for outstanding share options is 1 year. All share options
outstanding at the year end date have a nominal exercise price. During the year 168,897 share options vested
(FY 23: 165,197), none of which were exercised during the year. No share options were exercised in the year
relating to awards that vested in the comparative period. The Company has incurred a charge to the profit &
foss account in FY 24 of £447,000 (FY 23: £163,000) relating to these schemes under IFRS 2 for employees
and management that provide direct services to the Company of which £67,000 (FY 23: £37,000) relates to
associated social security taxes in the current year.

8 Directors’ remuneration
FY 24 FY23
2000 £000
Directors’ remuneration 330 328
‘Company contributions to money purchase pension plan 10 9

The highest paid director received remuneration of £330,000 (FY 23: £328,000). The value of the company's
contributions paid to defined contribution pension scheme in respect of the highest paid director amounted to
£10,000 (FY 23: £9,000). The highest paid director exercised no share options during the year (FY 23: no
share options exercised).

No Directors providing material qualifying services exercised share options during the year (FY 23: nil).

Number of Directors
FY 24 FY 23
Benefits are aceruing to the following number of Directors under:
Money purchase schemes (retirement benefits) 1 1
Long term share incentive plan 1 4

Amounts paid or payable to certain of the Company's Directors through other Group companies have been
excluded from the above disclosure and included within the disclosures of other Group companies, on the basis
their services are predominantly provided to the other Group companies.

Page 16


===== page 19 =====
Aivig Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)

6 Taxation
FY 24 FY 23

£000 £000 £000 £000
Current tax
Current tax on income for the year : @
Group relief payable/(receivable) (227) (219)
Adjustments in respect of prior periods (13) (15)
Total current tax (240) (243)
Deforred tax (see note 7}
Origination and reversal of timing differences. (90) (88)
Effect of tax rate change on opening balances : oy
Adjustments in respect of prior periods (18) (64)

(108) (130)

Total tax expense for the year (348) (373)

The Finance Act 2022 increased the main rate of corporation tax in the UK to 25% from 1 April 2023. The
deferred tax balances refiect this substantively enacted rate in the current and prior years.

The difference between the total tax expense shown above and the amount calculated by applying
the standard rate of UK corporation tax to the profit before tax is as follows:

FY 24 FY23

£000 £000

Loss before taxation (4,287) (1,457)
Tax using the UK corporation tax rate of 25% (FY 23: 19%) (322) em
Fixed asset differences : (ty
Expenses not deductible for tax purposes 5 e)
Group relief surrendered 227 219
Payment received for group relief (227 (219)
Adjustments in respect of prior periods (current tax) (43) (15)
Adjustments in respect of prior periods (deferred tax) (18) 4)
Remeasurement of deferred tax for changes in tax rates : ®)
Total tax income for the year (348) (373)

Page 17


===== page 20 =====
Notes to the financial statements (continued)

7 Deferred tax

Movements in deferred tax

As at 34 March 2024

Accelerated capital allowances
Short-term timing differences
‘Share options

Net deferred tax asset

As at 31 March 2023

Accelerated capital allowances
Short-term timing differences
Share options

Net deferred tax (HlabllityV/asset

Annual report and financi:

Aivig Limited
ial statements

‘34 March 2024

The Company has no unrecognised tax losses in addition to the deferred tax assets above (FY 23: Enil).

8 Property, plant and equipment
Cost
Balance at 1 April 2023
Additions
Disposats

As at 31 March 2024

Depreciation and impairment
Balance at 1 Apri 2023
Depreciation charge for the year
Disposats

‘As at 31 March 2024

Net book value
AL31 March 2024

At 1 April 2023

Page 18

Recognised Recognised 31 March
Aer 2023 in income in equity 2024
£'000 £'000 7000 £1000
(6) - - 6)
4) . : @
189 108 (35) 262
779 108 (35) 252
Recognised Recognised 31 March
‘(April 2022 “in income in equity 2023
27000 £000 £7000 £000
(45) 39 - (6)
1 6) - @

- 96 93 189
4) 730 3 779
Computer

equipment

£000

80

22

(37)

65

(54)

1g)

a

a5)

se

26


===== page 21 =====
Notes to the financial statements (continued)

9 Intangible assets

Cost
Balance at 1 April 2023
Additions

As at 31 March 2024

Amortisation
Balance at 1 April 2023
Amortisation charge for the year

As at 31 March 2024

Net book value
At 31 March 2024

At 1 April 2023,

10 Fixed asset investments

‘At 31 Match 2024 & 31 March 2023

Aivig Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Capitalised
development
costs

£000

4,391
311

1,702

(1,391)
(1,391)

311

Shares in
Group undertakings,
£000

The undertakings in which the Company had an interest at the year end of more than 20% are as follows:

Country of
Subsidiary undertakings incorporation

Obsidian Alpha Data Solutions LLC Serbia

Registered address:

Registered
address

1. Dvadesetsedmog marta 6-6a, 11060 Palilula, Belgrade, Serbia

Page 19

Class and Class and
percentage of percentage of

Principal activity sharesheld- — shares held -

31 March 2024 31 March 2023

Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary


===== page 22 =====
. Aivig Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)

AW Trade and other receivables
FY 24 FY 23
£000 £000
Trade recevables 173 a5
Capitalised implementation costs 54 4
Prepayments and accrued income 40 81
‘Amounts owed by Group undertakings - Pal
Total amounts due within one year 267 7
Amounts owed by Group undertakings are interest free and are repayable on demand. As at 31 March 2024,
amounts owed by Group undertakings of £406,000 (FY 23: fnil) are presented separately as non-current
assets on the balance sheet.
The Directors are satisfied that all outstanding amounts from subsidiary group undertakings are recoverable.
Expected credit losses in relation to amounts owed by Group undertakings were immaterial in both the current
and prior year.
Amounts relating to the capitalisation of non-distinct software implementation costs, incurred in advance of
the commencement of the client's licence period, are recognised in current and non-current assets. Non-
current capitalised implementation costs of £79,000 (FY 23: £112,000) are presented on the face of the
balance sheet. These current and non-current implementation assets in relation to contracts are amortised
over an expected life equivalent to the contracted licence period. Amortisation recognised in the period in
respect of these costs amounted to £94,000 (FY 23: £205,000). No impairment was deemed necessary in the
period. No significant judgements have been made in determining the amount of costs to be capitalised, which
primarily comprise costs within scope of IAS 19 Employee Benefits.
12 Cash and cash equivalents
FY 24 FY 23
£000 £000
Cash at bank 179 1.110
Cash and cash equivalents 179 1.110
All cash and cash equivalents held by the Company are available for use by the Company with no restrictions.
13 Trade and other payables
FY 24 FY 23
£000 2000
Trade payables 167 42
Amounts owed to Group undertakings 5,801 5.305
Taxation and social security 202 227
Accruals and deferred income 761 4.137
Social security tax on share options 9 4a
Total amounts owed within one year 7,023 6,754

Amounts owed to Group undertakings are non-interest-bearing and are repayable on demand.

Deferred income recognises contract liabilities arising from the Company's revenue generating activities
relating to payments received in advance of performance delivered under a contract. These contract liabilities
typically arise on revenue contracts billed in advance, where the performance obligation is satisfied over time.
The contract liability movement in the year represents these timing differences across contracts at each year
end. The following table sets out the revenue recognised in the current year that relates to carry forward
contract liabilities and the liabilities recognised in the current year which have been deferred to the next
reporting period. All current deferred income is expected to be recognised through revenue within one year.
Movements in the year predominantly relate to the underlying operations of the business, and no material
contract liabilities were recognised in relation to changes in estimates or contract modifications. There were
No contract modifications in the year that resulted in the recognition of revenue from performance obligations
satisfied in previous periods.

Page 20


===== page 23 =====
. Aivig Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)

13 Trade and other payables (continued)
FY 24 FY 23
£000 £000
Contract liabilities al the start of the year 952 1,059
Increase in contract liabilities during the year 562 720
Contract liabilties recognised in revenue during the year (739) (827)
Balance at the end of the year 77s 952

The table below shows the revenue that the Company will earn from customers when the Company
Satisfies the remaining performance obligations in certain contracts. These mainly relate to multi-year
contracts which range between 1 to 5 years in which software license and implementation revenue is
recognised over the license period. The following table sets out the aggregate amount of the contracted
transaction price allocated to performance obligations that are unsatisfied or partly satisfied at the year end
date. Amounts relating to contracts with an expected original life of less than one year are not disclosed.
Revenue from unperformed performance obligations is expected to be recognised in the following timeframes:

FY 24 FY23
£000 £000
To be undertaken and recognised within one year 2,589 1,373
To be undertaken and recognised between one and three years 3,337 2.257
To be undertaken and recognised after three years 2,310 1,614
8,236 5248
14 Other non-current liabilities
FY 24 FY23
2000 2000
Deferred income 156 214
Savial seruity tax on share options bid 8
192 232
15 Capital and reserves
FY 24 FY 23
£ £
Allotted, called up and fully paid
1 ordinary share of £1 each 1 1
1 1

The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled
to one vote per share at meetings of the Company.

16 Related parties

The Company has not engaged in any transactions with any related parties other than with wholly owned
subsidiaries within the Alpha Group, and remuneration of the Company's key management personnel.
These transactions have not been disclosed as the Company has taken advantage of exemptions under
FRS 101.

Page 21


===== page 24 =====
. Aiviq Limited
Annual report and financial statements
34 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)

17 Ultimate parent company

As at 31 March 2024, the ultimate parent company and controlling party was Alpha Financial Markets
Consulting pic, a company incorporated in England and Wales.

Both the largest and smallest Group in which the results of the Company are consolidated is that headed
by Alpha Financial Markets Consulting pic. The consolidated financial statements of the Group are
available to the public and may be obtained from 60 Gresham Street, London EC2V 7BB, United Kingdom,
or the website investors.alphafme.com.

17 Events after the reporting period
Change in control of the Company following the acquisition of the Group by Actium Bidco (UK) Limited

On 19 August 2024, the Company's ultimate parent company, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting pic, was
acquired by Actium Bidco (UK) Limited. Following this acquisition, the shares of Aipha Financial Markets
Consulting plc were de-listed from AIM on 20 August 2024 and the company was re-registered as a private
limited company under the Companies Act 2006. Actium Bidco (UK) Limited is a wholly owned indirect
subsidiary of Actium Topco (UK) Limited, which is owned by certain funds managed by Bridgepoint Advisers
Limited,

Settlement of share options held by the Company's employees in Alpha Financial Markets Consulting pic

As a result of the acquisition of the Company's ultimate parent company. Alpha Financial Markets
Consulting plc, by Actium Bidco (UK) Limited, all unvested share options held by the Company's employees
in Aipha Financial Markets Consulting pic vested early. Subsequently, 0.4 million share options were
exercised, and the shares were purchased for an agreed price of £5.05 per share. Consequently, after the
balance sheet date, in August 2024, the Company incurred an accelerated charge in relation to employer's
social security taxes due on the exercise of these share options. Employer's social security taxes of £0.2m
became due on exercise, compared to a total liability of £0.1m on the balance sheet as at 31 March 2024.

Furthermore, as vesting of these options was accelerated upon the completion of the acquisition, the
Company also recognised a material share-based payment-elated intra-group recharge in its profit & loss
account of £0.3m in August 2024, amounting to the entire remaining charge for these share options.

These events have not been adjusted for in the financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2024 as
they resulted from conditions that arose after the end of the reporting period.

Page 22
