

===== page 1 =====
Company Number: 13175157

*AC1BNG7D*
A12 1B

12/04/2023 "#9
COMPANIES HOUSE

The Companies Act 2006
Private Company Limited by Shares

ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
of
White Marble Group Limited

WEDNESDAY

(Amended by special resolution passed on 5 April 2023)

PART 1: INTERPRETATION AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

1. Defined terms

In the articles, unless the context requires otherwise:-

Accepting Shareholders has the meaning given in Article 32;

Articles means the Company's articles of association;

A Ordinary Shares means A ordinary shares of £0.001 each in the capital of the
Company;

A Ordinary Shareholder means a holder of A Ordinary Shares;

Bad Leaver means a person who is not designated to be a Good Leaver;

Balance has the meaning given in Article 39.1.2;

Bankruptcy includes individual insolvency proceedings in a jurisdiction other

than England and Wales or Northern Ireland which have an effect
similar to that of bankruptcy;

Board means the board of Directors from time to time of the Company;

Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday) on which banks generally are
open in London for a full range of business;

_._. —.___B Ordinary.Shares... _ —...means B-ordinary-shares-of-£0.001. each-in-the-capital-of- the — — --

Company;

B Ordinary Shareholder means a holder of B Ordinary Shares;

Capita! Return has the meaning given in Article 39.1;

Chairman has the meaning given in Article 13;

chairman of the meeting has the meaning given in Article 47;

Companies Acts means the Companies Acts (as defined in section 2 of the

Companies Act 2006), in so far as they apply to the Company;


===== page 2 =====
Deferred Contingent
Instalment

Deferred Instalment

Director

Director Consent
Distribution Recipient

document

Drag Along Notice
electronic form

Executive Directors

Fair Value

First Threshold Price

FSMA
Founder

Founder Consent

Founder Sale Notice

fully paid

Garden Leave

Group

Good Leaver

has the meaning given in Article 39.3.1;

has the meaning given in Article 39.3.2;

means a director of the Company, and includes any person
occupying the position of director, by whatever name called;

means the unanimous consent of the Executive Directors;
has the meaning given in Article 38;

includes, unless otherwise specified, any document sent or supplied
in electronic form;

has the meaning given in Article 32.1;
has the meaning given in section 1168 of the Companies Act 2006,

means those Directors who are also employees of the Company or
any Group Company;

has the meaning given in Article 31.8;

means, the price set out in a Subscription Document as being the
first threshold price;

means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000;
means Georgina Field;

means the consent of the Founder and at least one other Executive
Director;

has the meaning given in Article 31.3;

in relation to a Share, means that the nominal value and any
premium to be paid to the Company in respect of that share have
been paid to the Company;

means any period during which the Company or other Group
Company, in respect of an employee and pursuant to the service
contract between the Company or relevant Group Company and that
employee, ceases or has ceased to provide that employee with work
and withdraws or has withdrawn their right of access to any premises
of the Company and any other Group Company;

means the Company and each of its Subsidiaries from time to time,
and references to a member of the Group or a Group Company
means any of them;

means a person who:

(a) — dies;
(b) ceases to be a Relevant Employee by virtue of Articles 19.5
and/or 19.6;

(c) retires at or after the age of 65; or


===== page 3 =====
hard copy form

holder

instrument

Issue Price

Leaver

Leaver’s Shares

Leaving Date
New Member

Ordinary Resolution

(d) is designated a Good Leaver by:

(i) a unanimous decision of the Executive Directors or
failing such unanimous decision, by Founder Consent
where the Leaver is not the Founder; or

(ii) a decision of the majority of the Executive Directors
where the Leaver is the Founder;

has the meaning given in section 1168 of the Companies Act 2006;

in relation to Shares means the person whose name is entered in
the register of members as the holder of the Shares;

means a document in hard copy form;

means the price at which the relevant Share is issued, being the
aggregate of the amount paid up or credited as paid up in respect of
the nominal value thereof and any share premium thereon and, in
respect of any Shares that were acquired by the Leaver rather than
subscribed for by the Leaver, the acquisition price for those Shares;

means:

(a) any Shareholder who ceases, or has ceased, to be a Relevant
Employee, provided that, for these purposes, a Shareholder
shall be deemed to cease, or have ceased, to be a Relevant
Employee upon the commencement of any period during
which the relevant individual is placed on Garden Leave
pursuant to their service contract with the Company or other
Group Company, notwithstanding that the relevant individual
remains an employee of the Company or any other Group
Company provided that such Shareholder ceases, or has
ceased to be a Director or a director of any other Group
Company; or

(b) any Shareholder who gives notice to the Company of their
wish to sell their Shares; or

(c) any person who holds or becomes entitled to any Shares:
(i) following the death of a Shareholder;

(ii) following the Bankruptcy of a Shareholder (if an
individual) or the receivership, administrative
receivership, administration, liquidation or other
arrangement for the winding-up (whether solvent or
insolvent) of a Shareholder (if a company); or

(iii) following the exercise of an option after ceasing to be a
Relevant Employee;

means all of the Shares held by a Leaver, or to which they are
entitled, on the Leaving Date and any Shares acquired by a Leaver
after the Leaving Date under an employee share scheme;

means the date on which the relevant person becomes a Leaver;

has the meaning given in Article 32.8;

has the meaning given in section 282 of the Companies Act 2006;


===== page 4 =====
Ordinary Shares

Other Shareholders
paid

Participate

Proposed Buyer
Proposed Sale
Proposed Sellers
Proxy Notice

Recognised _— Investment

Exchange

Relevant Employee

Sale

Sale Notice
Sale Price

Sale Proceeds

Second Threshold Price

Shareholder

means the ordinary shares of £0.001 each in the capital of the
Company and, for the avoidance of doubt, it does not include A
Ordinary Shares or B Ordinary Shares;

has the meaning given in Article 32.1;
means paid or credited as paid;

in relation to a Directors’ meeting, has the meaning given in Article
11;

has the meaning given in Article 33.1
has the meaning given in Article 33.1;
has the meaning given in Article 33.1;
has the meaning given in Article 53;

means a recognised investment exchange, recognised overseas
investment exchange, designated investment exchange or
designated overseas investment exchange, in each case for the
purposes of FSMA;

means:

(a) an employee of the Company or any other Group Company;

or
(b)
means:
(a)

a Director or a director of any other Group Company;

the sale of (or the grant of a right to acquire or to dispose of )
any of the issued equity share capital of the Company to a
single buyer or to one or more buyers in one transaction
which will result in the purchaser of those shares (or grantee
of that right) and persons acting in concert with him together
acquiring the beneficial ownership of more than 50% of the
issued share capital of the Company or cause the direction of
the management of the Company; or

(b) the disposal by the Company of all or substantially all of its

undertaking and assets (where disposal may include, without
limitation, the grant by the Company of an exclusive licence
of intellectual property not entered into in the ordinary course
of business); or

(c) . an initial public offering
has the meaning given in Article 31.2;
has the meaning given in Article 31.7;

means the value of the consideration payable as the result of
completion of a Sale;

means, the price set out in a Subscription Document (if any) as being
the second threshold price;

means a person who is the holder of a Share;


===== page 5 =====
Shares

Single Class

Special Resolution

Subscription Document

Subsidiary
Tag Along Notice
Third Party
Third Party Offer

Third Threshold Price

Threshold Prices

Transmittee

writing

means shares in the Company;

means more than one type and/or class of Share which are specified
under Article 39.1.2.4, and which are treated as together forming one
class of Shares for the purposes of any distributions made pursuant
to that provision;

has the meaning given in section 283 of the Companies Act 2006;

means:

(a) in relation to a subscription for A Ordinary Shares, an
agreement or other document of subscription for those
Shares executed and delivered to the Company from time to
time by the subscriber for those A Ordinary Shares, setting
out the Threshold Prices applicable to those A Ordinary
Shares; or

(b) where the relevant A Ordinary Shares are acquired pursuant
to an option, the applicable option agreement setting out the
Threshold Prices applicable to those A Ordinary Shares;

has the meaning given in section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006;
has the meaning given in Article 33.1;
has the meaning given in Article 32.1;
has the meaning given in Article 32.1;

means, the price set out in a Subscription Document (if any) as being
the third threshold price;

means the First Threshold Price, Second Threshold Price and Third
Threshold Prices to be set by the Board, with Founder Consent, in
respect of each issue of an A Ordinary Share, which is set out in the
Subscription Agreement relating to such Shares and which
determines the extent to which that A Ordinary Shareholder may
participate in any payments made in accordance with Article 39;

means a person entitled to a Share by reason of the death or
Bankruptcy of a Shareholder or otherwise by operation of law; and

means the representation or reproduction of words, symbols or other
information in a visible form by any method or combination of
methods, whether sent or supplied in electronic form or otherwise.


===== page 6 =====
Unless the context otherwise requires, other words or expressions contained in these articles bear the
same meaning as in the Companies Act 2006 as in force on the date when these articles become
binding on the company.

2.2

2.3

24

2.5

3.

Objects of the Company
The objects of the Company are to promote the success of the Company:
2.1.1 for the benefit of its members as a whole; and

2.1.2 through its business and operations, to have a material positive impact on (a) society
and (b) the environment

taken as a whole.

A Director must act in the way he or she considers, in good faith, most likely to promote the
success of the Company in achieving the objects set out in Article 2.1 above, and in doing so
shall have regard (amongst other matters) to:

2.2.1 the likely consequences of any decision of the Directors in the long term and the impact
any such decision may have on any affected stakeholders;

2.2.2 the interests of the Company’s employees;

2.2.3 the need to foster the Company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and
others;

2.2.4 _ the impact of the Company's operations on the community and the environment and on
affected stakeholders;

2.2.5 the desirability of the Company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business
conduct and the impact this has on affected stakeholders; and

2.2.6 the need to act fairly as between members of the Company,

(together, the matters referred to above shall be defined for the purposes of this Article as
“Stakeholder Interests” and each a “Stakeholder Interest”).

For the purposes of a Director's duty to act in the way he or she considers, in good faith, most
likely to promote the success of the Company, a Director shall not be required to regard the
benefit of any particular Stakeholder Interest or group of Stakeholder Interests as more
important than any other.

Nothing in this Article express or implied, is intended to or shall create or grant any right or any
cause of action to, by or for any person (other than the Company).

The Directors of the Company shall, for each financial year of the Company, prepare and
circulate to its members an impact report. The impact report shall contain a balanced and
comprehensive analysis of the impact the Company’s business has had, in a manner
proportionate to the size and complexity of the business. The impact report shall contain such
detail as is necessary to enable the members to have an understanding of the way in which the
Company has promoted its success for the benefit of its members as a whole and, through its
business and operations, sought to have a material positive impact on society and the
environment, taken as a whole. If the Company is also required to prepare a strategic report
under the Companies Act 2006, the Company may choose to publish the impact report as part
of its strategic report and in accordance with the requirements applying to the strategic report.

Liability of members

The liability of the members is limited to the amount, if any, unpaid on the Shares held by them.


===== page 7 =====
4.

PART 2: DIRECTORS
Directors’ powers and responsi

Directors’ general authority

Subject to the Articles, the Directors are responsible for the management of the Company's business,
for which purpose they may exercise all the powers of the Company.

5.2

6.2

6.3

7.2

8.2

Shareholders’ reserve power

The Shareholders may, by Special Resolution, direct the Directors to take, or refrain from
taking, specified action.

No such Special Resolution invalidates anything which the Directors have done before the
passing of the resolution.

Directors may delegate

Subject to the Articles, the Directors may delegate any of the powers which are conferred on
them under the Articles:-

6.1.1. to such person or committee;

6.1.2 by such means (including by power of attorney);
6.1.3. to such an extent;

6.1.4 _ in relation to such matters or territories; and
6.1.5 on such terms and conditions;

as they think fit.

If the Directors so specify, any such delegation may authorise further delegation of the
Directors’ powers by any person to whom they are delegated.

The Directors may revoke any delegation in whole or part, or alter its terms and conditions.

Committees

Committees to which the Directors delegate any of their powers must follow procedures which
are based as far as they are applicable on those provisions of the articles which govern the
taking of decisions by Directors.

The Directors may make rules of procedure for all or any committees, which prevail over rules
derived from the Articles if they are not consistent with them.

Decision-making by Directors
Directors to take decisions collectively

The general rule about decision-making by Directors is that any decision of the Directors must
be either a majority decision at a meeting or a decision taken in accordance with article 9.

If.-
8.2.1 the Company only has one Director; and
8.2.2 no provision of the Articles requires it to have more than one Director;

the general rule does not apply, and the Director may take decisions without regard to any of
the provisions of the Articles relating to Directors’ decision-making.


===== page 8 =====
9.2

9.3

9.4

10.
10.1

10.2

10.3
10.4

11.
11.1

12.
12.1

12.2

12.3

Unanimous decisions

A decision of the Directors is taken in accordance with this Article when all eligible Directors
indicate to each other by any means that they share a common view on a matter.

Such a decision may take the form of a resolution in writing, copies of which have been signed
by each eligible Director or to which each eligible Director has otherwise indicated agreement
in writing.

References in this article to eligible Directors are to Directors who would have been entitled to
vote on the matter had it been proposed as a resolution at a Directors’ meeting.

A decision may not be taken in accordance with this article if the eligible Directors would not
have formed a quorum at such a meeting.

Calling a directors’ meeting

Any Director may call a directors’ meeting by giving notice of the meeting to the Directors or by
authorising the company secretary (if any) to give such notice.

Notice of any Directors’ meeting must indicate:-
10.2.1 its proposed date and time;
10.2.2 where it is to take place; and

10.2.3 if it is anticipated that Directors Participating in the meeting will not be in the same
place, how it is proposed that they should communicate with each other during the
meeting.

Notice of a Directors’ meeting must be given to each Director, but need not be in writing.

Notice of a Directors’ meeting need not be given to Directors who waive their entitlement to
notice of that meeting, by giving notice to that effect to the Company not more than 7 days after
the date on which the meeting is held. Where such notice is given after the meeting has been
held, that does not affect the validity of the meeting, or of any business conducted at it.

Participation in Directors’ meetings

Subject to the Articles, Directors Participate in a Directors’ meeting, or part of a Directors’
meeting, when:-

11.1.1. the meeting has been called and takes place in accordance with the Articles; and

11.1.2 they can each communicate to the others any information or opinions they have on any
particular item of the business of the meeting.

In determining whether Directors are Participating in a Directors’ meeting, it is irrelevant where
any Director is or how they communicate with each other.

If all the Directors Participating in a meeting are not in the same place, they may decide that
the meeting is to be treated as taking place wherever any of them is.

Quorum for Directors’ meetings

At a Directors’ meeting, unless a quorum is Participating, no proposal is to be voted on, except
a proposal to call another meeting.

The quorum for Directors’ meetings may be fixed from time to time by a decision of the
Directors, but it must never be less than two, and unless otherwise fixed it is two, one of whom
must be the Founder.

If the total number of Directors for the time being is less than the quorum required, the Directors
must not take any decision other than a decision:-

12.3.1 to appoint further Directors; or


===== page 9 =====
13.

13.1
13.2
13.3
13.4

14.

12.3.2 to calla general meeting so as to enable the Shareholders to appoint further Directors.

Chairing of Directors’ meetings

The Directors may appoint a Director to chair their meetings.

The person so appointed for the time being is known as the Chairman.
The Directors may terminate the Chairman’s appointment at any time.

If the Chairman is not Participating in a Directors’ meeting within ten minutes of the time at
which it was to start, the Participating Directors must appoint one of themselves to chair it.

Casting vote

If the numbers of votes for and against a proposal are equal, the Chairman or other Director chairing
the meeting does not have a casting vote.

15.
15.1

15.2

15.3

15.4

15.5

15.6

15.7

Conflicts of interest

If a proposed decision of the Directors is concerned with an actual or proposed transaction or
arrangement with the Company in which a Director is interested, that Director is not to be
counted as Participating in the decision-making process for quorum or voting purposes.

But if Article 15.3 applies, a Director who is interested in an actual or proposed transaction or
arrangement with the Company is to be counted as Participating in the decision-making process
for quorum and voting purposes.

This paragraph applies when:-

15.3.1. the Company by Ordinary Resolution disapplies the provision of the Articles which
_ would otherwise prevent a Director from being counted as Participating in the decision-
making process;

15.3.2 the Director's interest cannot reasonably be regarded as likely to give rise to a conflict
of interest; or

15.3.3 the Director's conflict of interest arises from a permitted cause.
For the purposes of this article, the following are permitted causes:-

15.4.1 a guarantee given, or to be given, by or to a Director in respect of an obligation incurred
by or on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

15.4.2 subscription, or an agreement to subscribe, for shares or other securities of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to underwrite, sub-underwrite, or guarantee
subscription for any such shares or securities; and

15.4.3 arrangements pursuant to which benefits are made available to employees and
directors or former employees and Directors of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
which do not provide special benefits for Directors or former Directors.

For the purposes of this Article, references to proposed decisions and decision-making
processes include any Directors’ meeting or part of a Directors’ meeting.

Subject to article 15.7, if a question arises at a meeting of Directors or of a committee of
Directors as to the right of a Director to Participate in the meeting (or part of the meeting) for
voting or quorum purposes, the question may, before the conclusion of the meeting, be referred
to the Chairman whose ruling in relation to any Director other than the Chairman is to be final
and conclusive.

If any question as to the right to Participate in the meeting (or part of the meeting) should arise
in respect of the Chairman, the question is to be decided by a decision of the Directors at that
meeting, for which purpose the Chairman is not to be counted as Participating in the meeting
(or that part of the meeting) for voting or quorum purposes.


===== page 10 =====
16. Records of decisions to be kept

The Directors must ensure that the Company keeps a record, in writing, for at least 10 years from the
date of the decision recorded, of every unanimous or majority decision taken by the Directors.

17. Directors’ discretion to make further rules

Subject to the Articles, the Directors may make any rule which they think fit about how they take
decisions, and about how such rules are to be recorded or communicated to Directors.

Appointment of Directors
18. Methods of appointing Directors

18.1. Any person who is willing to act as a Director, and is permitted by law to do so, may be
appointed to be a Director:-

18.1.1 by Ordinary Resolution; or
18.1.2 by adecision of the Directors.

18.2 In any case where, as a result of death, the Company has no Shareholders and no Directors,
the personal representatives of the last Shareholder to have died have the right, by notice in
writing, to appoint a person to be a Director.

18.3 For the purposes of article 18.2, where 2 or more Shareholders die in circumstances rendering
it uncertain who was the last to die, a younger Shareholder is deemed to have survived an older
Shareholder.

19. Termination of Director’s appointment
A person ceases to be a Director as soon as:-

19.1 that person ceases to be a Director by virtue of any provision of the Companies Act 2006 or is
prohibited from being a Director by law;

19.2 that person, being a Shareholder, ceases to be a Shareholder;
19.3. a Bankruptcy order is made against that person;

19.4 acomposition is made with that person's creditors generally in satisfaction of that person's
debts;

19.5 a registered medical practitioner who is treating that person gives a written opinion to the
Company stating that that person has become physically or mentally incapable of acting as a
director and may remain so for more than three months;

19.6 by reason of that person's mental health, a court makes an order which wholly or partly prevents
that person from personally exercising any powers or rights which that person would otherwise
have;

19.7 notification is received by the Company from the Director that the Director is resigning from
office, and such resignation has taken effect in accordance with its terms.

20. Directors’ remuneration
20.1 Directors may undertake any services for the Company that the Directors decide.
20.2 Directors are entitled to such remuneration as the Directors determine:-
20.2.1 for their services to the Company as Directors; and
20.2.2 for any other service which they undertake for the Company.
20.3 Subject to the Articles, a Director's remuneration may:-


===== page 11 =====
20.3.1 take any form; and

20.3.2 include any arrangements in connection with the payment of a pension, allowance or
gratuity, or any death, sickness or disability benefits, to or in respect of that Director.

20.4 —_ Unless the Directors decide otherwise, Directors’ remuneration accrues from day to day.

20.5 _ Unless the Directors decide otherwise, Directors are not accountable to the Company for any
remuneration which they receive as Directors or other officers or employees of the Company's
Subsidiaries or of any other body corporate in which the Company is interested.

21. Directors’ expenses

The Company may pay any reasonable expenses which the Directors properly incur in connection with
their attendance at:-

21.1 meetings of Directors or committees of Directors;
21.2 general meetings; or
21.3. separate meetings of the holders of any class of shares or of debentures of the Company;

or otherwise in connection with the exercise of their powers and the discharge of their responsibilities
in relation to the Company.

PART 3: SHARES AND DISTRIBUTIONS
Shares
22. Share Capital

22.1 The issued share capital of the Company at the date of the adoption of these Articles is
£241,744 divided into:

22.1.1 229,000 Ordinary Shares; and
22.1.2 12,744 A Ordinary Shares.

22.2. The Ordinary Shares and the A Ordinary Shares shall constitute different classes of shares for
the purposes of the Companies Act.

22.3 Subject to these Articles, the holders of A Ordinary Shares shall not be entitled to receive any
dividends or receive any share or any available profits in respect of the A Ordinary Shares that
they hold and they shall not be entitled to receive notice of and to attend and vote at any general
meeting.

22.4 — Subject to these Articles, the holders of B Ordinary Shares shall not be entitled to receive any
dividends or receive any share or any available profits in respect of the B Ordinary Shares that
they hold and they shall not be entitled to receive notice of and to attend and vote at any general
meeting.

23. Variation of rights

23.1 The rights attached to any class of Shares may from time to time, whether or not the Company
is being wound up, be varied or abrogated with the consent in writing of the holders of not less
than 75% in nominal value of the issued Shares of that class or with the sanction of a Special
Resolution passed at a separate meeting of the holders of that class of Shares, but not
otherwise.

23.2 The provisions of these Articles relating to general meetings of the Company or to their
proceedings (and adjournments) shall, with the necessary changes being made, apply to every
separate meeting of the holders of any class of Share, except that:

23.2.1. the necessary quorum shall be one person holding or representing by proxy at least
one third in nominal amount of the issued Shares of that class;


===== page 12 =====
24,
24.1

24.2

25.
25.1

25.2

26.

23.2.2 every holder of Shares of the class present in person or by proxy shall be entitled on a
poll to one vote for every such Share held by it; and

23.2.3 any holder of Shares of the class present in person or by proxy may demand a poll

All shares to be fully paid up

No Share is to be issued for less than the aggregate of its nominal value and any premium to
be paid to the Company in consideration for its issue.

This does not apply to Shares taken on the formation of the Company by the subscribers to the
Company’s memorandum.

Powers to issue different classes of share

Subject to the Articles, but without prejudice to the rights attached to any existing Share, the
Company may issue Shares with such rights or restrictions as may be determined by Ordinary
Resolution.

The Company may issue shares which are to be redeemed, or are liable to be redeemed at the
option of the Company or the holder, and the Directors may determine the terms, conditions
and manner of redemption of any such shares.

Company not bound by less than absolute interests

Except as required by law, no person is to be recognised by the Company as holding any Share upon
any trust, and except as otherwise required by law or the Articles, the Company is not in any way to be
bound by or recognise any interest in a Share other than the holder's absolute ownership of it and all
the rights attaching to it.

27.
27.1

27.2

27.3
27.4
27.5

28.
28.1

Share certificates

The Company must issue each Shareholder, free of charge, with one or more certificates in
respect of the Shares which that Shareholder holds.

Every certificate must specify:-

27.2.1 in respect of how many Shares, of what class, it is issued;

27.2.2 the nominal value of those Shares;

27.2.3 that the Shares are fully paid; and

27.2.4 any distinguishing numbers assigned to them.

No certificate may be issued in respect of Shares of more than one class.

If more than one person holds a Share, only one certificate may be issued in respect of it.
Certificates must:-

27.5.1 have affixed to them the company’s common seal; or

27.5.2 be otherwise executed in accordance with the Companies Acts.

Replacement share certificates

If a certificate issued in respect of a Shareholder's Shares is:-
28.1.1 damaged or defaced; or

28.1.2 said to be lost, stolen or destroyed;

that Shareholder is entitled to be issued with a replacement certificate in respect of the same
Shares.


===== page 13 =====
28.2

29.
29.1

29.2

29.3
29.4

29.5

30.
30.1

30.2

30.3

31.
31.1
31.2

A Shareholder exercising the right to be issued with such a replacement certificate:-

28.2.1 may at the same time exercise the right to be issued with a single certificate or separate
certificates;

28.2.2 must return the certificate which is to be replaced to the Company if it is damaged or
defaced; and

28.2.3. must comply with such conditions as to evidence, indemnity and the payment of a
reasonable fee as the Directors decide.

Share transfers

Shares may be transferred by means of an instrument of transfer in any usual form or any other
form approved by the Directors, which is executed by or on behalf of the transferor.

No fee may be charged for registering any instrument of transfer or other document relating to
or affecting the title to any Share.

The Company may retain any instrument of transfer which is registered.

The transferor remains the holder of a Share until the transferee’s name is entered in the
register of members as holder of it.

The Directors may refuse to register the transfer of a Share, and if they do so, the instrument
of transfer must be returned to the transferee with the notice of refusal unless they suspect that
the proposed transfer may be fraudulent.

Prohibited Share Transfers
In these Articles, a reference to the transfer of a Share shall mean either or both:
30.1.1 the transfer of either or both of the legal and beneficial ownership in the Share; and

30.1.2 the grant of an option to acquire either or both of the legal and beneficial ownership in
the Share.

The following shall be deemed, without limitation, to be a transfer of a Share:

30.2.1 any sale or other disposition of any legal or equitable interest in a Share (including any
voting right attached thereto) and whether or not by the registered holder thereof and
whether or not for consideration or otherwise and whether or not effected by an
instrument in writing;

30.2.2 any direction (by way of renunciation or otherwise) by a Shareholder entitled to an
allotment or issue of any Share that such Share be allotted or issued to some person
other than themself; and

30.2.3 any grant of a legal or equitable mortgage or charge over any Share.

Any person who holds, or becomes entitled to any Share shall not effect a transfer of such
Shares except in accordance with Article 31 (Leavers), Article 32 (Drag Along) and Article 33
(Tag Along). ¢

Leavers ;
The provisions of this Article shall apply to any Leaver and to any Leaver’s Shares.

If a person, not being the Founder becomes a Leaver, then at any time within one year from
the Leaving Date, the Company shall serve a notice on the Leaver notifying them whether they
are a Good Leaver or confirming that they are a Bad Leaver and that, either:

31.2.1 they are with immediate effect, deemed to have offered all their Leaver's Shares to
such person(s) (including the Company) as may be specified by Founder Consent (if
they are a Bad Leaver); or :


===== page 14 =====
31.3

31.4

31.5

31.6

31.2.2 they may retain their Shares until a Sale but from the Leaving Date they do not have
the right to receive dividends, attend or vote at a general meeting, or agree to a
proposed written resolution, in respect of those Shares and at such time such Shares
shall be redesignated by the Company as B Ordinary Shares (if they are a Good
Leaver).

(Sale Notice).

If the Leaver is the Founder, then at any time within one year from the Leaving Date, the
Company shall serve a notice on the Founder notifying her whether she is a Good Leaver or
confirming that she is a Bad Leaver and that, either:

31.3.1 sheis with immediate effect, deemed to have offered such of her Leaver’s Shares equal
to the number of Ordinary Shares held in the Company at the Leaving Date by the
Shareholder holding the next highest number of Ordinary Shares to the Company at
the Sale Price (commencing with the latest to be acquired by her). If the Company is
not able to purchase such Shares, the offer shall be made to the other holders of
Ordinary Shares pro rata their Shareholding at the Leaving Date at the Sale Price
commencing again with the latest to be acquired by her.

31.3.2 the Founder may retain the balance of the Founder's Leaver's Shares remaining after
the sale referred to in Article 31.3.1 above until a Sale but from the Leaving Date she
does not have the right to receive dividends, attend or vote at a general meeting or
agree to a proposed written resolution, in respect of those Shares and at such time
such Shares shall be redesignated by the Company as B Ordinary Shares; or

31.3.3. if she is a Good Leaver she may retain her Shares until a Sale but from the Leaving
Date she does not have the right to receive dividends, attend or vote at a general
meeting or agree to a proposed written resolution, in respect of those Shares and at
such time such Shares shall be redesignated by the Company as B Ordinary Shares

(Founder Sale Notice).

On receipt of a Sale Notice or Founder Sale Notice, unless Articles 31.2.2 or 31.3.3 apply, the
Leaver shall be obliged to immediately transfer, at the Sale Price as determined in accordance
with Article 31.7, such number of their Leaver’s Shares to the person(s) specified in the Sale
Notice or Founder Sale Notice or as determined in accordance with Article 31.3. Completion of
the sale and purchase of the Leaver's Shares in accordance with the Sale Notice or Founder
Sale Notice shall take place within 20 Business Days of the date of the Sale Notice or Founder
Sale Notice at which time the Leaver shall transfer the relevant Leaver'’s Shares to the person(s)
specified in the Sale Notice or Founder Sale Notice or as determined in accordance with Article
31.3 and deliver the relevant Share certificates against payment of the Sale Price for such
Shares.

If Articles 31.2.2, 31.3.2 or 31.3.3 apply, the Leaver shall be obliged to transfer, at the Sale
Price, the B Ordinary Shares held by them to such person(s) as shall be notified to them by the
Company. Completion of the sale and purchase of the Leaver's Shares shall take place at the
same time as the Sale at which time the Leaver shall transfer their B Ordinary Shares to the
person(s) notified to them by the Company and deliver the relevant Share certificates against
payment of the Sale Price for such Shares.

If the Leaver defaults in transferring any Leaver's Shares pursuant to Article 31.4 and/or 31.5
in circumstances where the Company:

31.6.1 does not acquire the Leaver’s Shares, the Company:
31.6.1.1_ may receive the relevant purchase money;

31.6.1.2 may nominate some person to execute an instrument of transfer of the
Leaver'’s Shares in the name and on behalf of the Leaver;

31.6.1.3 shall cause the name of the proposed transferee to be entered in the
Company's register of members as the holder of such Leaver’s Shares when
the instrument of transfer has been duly stamped (if required);


===== page 15 =====
31.7

31.8

“31.9

31.6.1.4 shall hold the purchase money on trust (without interest) for the Leaver, the
receipt by the Company of the purchase money being a good discharge to
the proposed transferee (who shall not be bound to see to the application of
the purchase money); or

31.6.2 does acquire the Leaver's Shares, the Company:

31.6.2.1_ may nominate some person to execute an instrument of transfer or other
relevant documentation in respect of the Leaver’s Shares in the name and on
behalf of the Leaver;

31.6.2.2 shall cause such share capital to be cancelled in accordance with the
Companies Act when such instrument has been duly stamped (if required);
and

31.6.2.3 shall hold the purchase money on trust (without interest) for the Leaver.

In each case after the Leaver's Shares have been transferred on the register or
cancelled, as the case may be, the validity of the proceedings shall not be questioned
by any person.

The Sale Price shall be, in the case of:

31.7.1 a Good Leaver (including the Founder), the aggregate Fair Value of the Leaver’s
Shares as at the Leaving Date; and

31.7.2 a Bad Leaver (not being the Founder), the lower of the aggregate of the Issue Price
paid by the Leaver for the Leaver’s Shares (commencing with the latest to be acquired
by them) and the aggregate Fair Value of the Leaver's Shares as at the Leaving Date;
and

31.7.3. the Founder being a Bad Leaver, the Issue Price paid by the Founder for her Leaver’s
Shares (commencing with the latest to be acquired by her).

For the purposes of Article 31.7, Fair Value means such price as the transferor and (with
Founder Consent) the Company shall agree within 10 Business Days of the date of the deemed
Sale Notice or Founder Sale Notice or, failing such agreement, as determined by the
Company's accountants, in which case:

31.8.1 the Company shall immediately instruct the accountants to determine the Fair Value on
the basis which, in their opinion, represents a fair price for the Leaver's Shares at the
Leaving Date as between a willing seller and a willing buyer and shall take account of
whether the Leaver's Shares comprise a majority or minority interest in the Company
and the fact that their transferability is restricted by these Articles;

31.8.2 the Company’s accountants shall act as an expert and not an arbitrator (and the
Arbitration Act 1996 shall not apply);

31.8.3. the Company’s accountants shall certify the Fair Value as soon as possible after being
instructed to do so and such certificate shall be final and binding (in the absence of
manifest error); and

31.8.4 the costs and expenses of the Company's Accountants shall be borne by the Company.

Where Article 31.1 applies, any Sale Notice issued in relation to any of the Leaver’s A Ordinary
Shares may only deem the Leaver to have offered those Shares for sale to the Company, and
not to any other person. If the Company (as the case may be) does not elect to purchase the
relevant A Ordinary Shares during the period of 30 days following the date of the Sale Notice,
the Company may offer the A Ordinary Shares at the Sale Price in such manner and in
accordance with such timetable and procedure as the Board, with Founder Consent may from
time to time determine. The Sale Price payable for the Leaver's A Ordinary Shares shall be
determined in accordance with the provisions of Article 31.7, and the remaining provisions of
this Article 31 shall apply.


===== page 16 =====
31.10

32.
32.1

32.2

32.3

32.4

32.5

32.6

32.7

A Leaver shall not be entitled to any compensation or damages for any loss or potential loss
which they may suffer by reason of the sale or transfer of any A Ordinary Shares in which they
are interested in consequence of the loss or termination of their office, employment or
engagement with any Group Company for any reason (including, without limitation, any breach
of contract by a Group Company) or in any other circumstances whatsoever.

Drag Along

If any Shareholder receives an offer in writing from a bona fide third party (Third Party) to
purchase the entire equity share capital in the Company not already owned by the Third Party
(Third Party Offer) and the holders of at least 75% of the issued Ordinary Shares, including
the Founder, accept the Third Party Offer (Accepting Shareholders), the Accepting
Shareholders are entitled to issue to the remaining Shareholders (Other Shareholders) written
notice (Drag Along Notice) requiring the Other Shareholders to sell to the Third Party all of the
Other Shareholders’ Shares upon the terms and conditions specified in the Drag Along Notice.

Subject to Article 32.6, the terms on which the Accepting Shareholders require the Other
Shareholders to sell their Shares must be no less favourable than the terms on which the
Accepting Shareholders are selling their Shares to the Third Party.

Subject to the remainder of this Article 32, the Drag Along Notice must specify:
32.3.1 the details of the Third Party;

32.3.2 the price payable for each Share and other consideration (if any) to be received (directly
or indirectly) by the Accepting Shareholders, and

32.3.3 any other material terms upon which the Other Shareholders’ Shares shall be
purchased pursuant to the Drag Along Notice (including, in relation to A Ordinary
Shares, the price payable for each such Share as determined in accordance with Article
32.6).

lf any Other Shareholder shall not, within five Business Days of being required to do so, execute
and deliver transfers in respect of the Shares held by them and deliver the certificate(s) in
respect of the same (or a suitable indemnity in lieu thereof), then any Accepting Shareholder
shall be entitled to execute, and shall be entitled to authorise and instruct such person as they
think fit to execute, the necessary transfer(s) and indemnities on the Other Shareholder’s behalf
and, against receipt by the Company (on trust for such Shareholder) of the consideration
payable for the relevant Shares, deliver such transfer(s) and certificate(s) or indemnities to the
Third Party (or their nominee) and register such Third Party (or their nominee) as the holder
thereof and, after such registration, the validity of such proceedings shall not be questioned by
any person

The Other Shareholders are not obliged to sell their Shares in accordance with this Article 32 if
the Accepting Shareholders do not complete the sale of all their Shares to the Third Party on
the same terms and conditions set out in the Drag Along Notice.

Under the terms of the Drag Along Notice, the consideration to be paid to any A Ordinary
Shareholders shall be determined by the Third Party in discussion with the Board, subject to
Founder Consent, and shall be applied in accordance with the provisions of Article 39.

For the avoidance of doubt, the Third Party Offer shall not require any A Ordinary Shareholder
or B Ordinary Shareholder to give any warranties, representations, indemnities, covenants or
other assurances in respect of the A Ordinary Shares or B Ordinary Shares that Shareholder
holds, other than those which relate to or are in respect of title to the number of A Ordinary
Shares or B Ordinary Shares to which the Third Party Offer relates and that Shareholders
capacity to enter into the relevant agreement for the sale of those A Ordinary Shares or B
Ordinary Shares.


===== page 17 =====
32.8

33.
33.1

33.2

33.3

33.4

34.
34.1

34.2

34.3

35.
35.1

35.2

Where any person becomes a Shareholder of the Company (a New Member) pursuant to the
exercise of a pre-existing option or other right to acquire Shares after a Drag Along Notice has
been served, the New Member shall be bound to sell and transfer all Shares acquired by it to
the Third Party. The provisions of Articles 32.1 to 32.7 shall apply (with the necessary changes)
to the New Member, save that if its Shares are acquired after the sale of the Other
Shareholders’ Shares has been completed, completion of the sale of the New Member's Shares
shall take place immediately after the New Member's acquisition of such Shares.

Tag Along

If at any time one or more Shareholders, including the Founder (Proposed Sellers) propose to
sell to any person (Proposed Buyer), in one or a series of related transactions, such number
of Shares which when registered would result in that person (together with persons connected
or acting in concert with them) holding or increasing their holding to 50% or more of the issued
equity share capital of the Company other than the A Ordinary Shares or the B Ordinary Shares
(Proposed Sale), the Proposed Sellers shall give written notice (Tag Along Notice) to the
other Shareholders of the Proposed Sale at least 10 Business Days prior to the proposed date
of completion thereof.

The Tag Along Notice must specify:
33.2.1 the details of the Proposed Buyer;

33.2.2 the sale price for each Share and other consideration (if any) to be received (directly or
indirectly) by the Proposed Sellers; and

33.2.3. any other material terms upon which the Shares are to be purchased.

The Proposed Sale may not be completed unless the Proposed Buyer has unconditionally
offered to buy all the other issued Ordinary Shares (other than any Shares already owned by
the Proposed Buyer or persons connected or acting in concert with them) on the same terms
and conditions as apply to the Proposed Sale. Such offer shall remain open for acceptance for
not less than 21 days.

The provisions of this Article 33 shall not apply to any Proposed Sale which is to take place
pursuant to a Third Party Offer under Article 32.

Transmission of shares

If title to a Share passes to a Transmittee, the Company may only recognise the Transmittee
as having any title to that Share.

A Transmittee who produces such evidence of entitlement to Shares as the Directors may

properly require:-

34.2.1. may, subject to the Articles, choose either to become the holder of those Shares or to
have them transferred to another person; and

34.2.2 subject to the Articles, and pending any transfer of the Shares to another person, has
the same rights as the holder had.

But Transmittees do not have the right to attend or vote at a general meeting, or agree to a
proposed written resolution, in respect of Shares to which they are entitled, by reason of the
holder's death or Bankruptcy or otherwise, unless they become the holders of those Shares.

Exercise of Transmittees’ rights

Transmittees who wish to become the holders of Shares to which they have become entitled
must notify the company in writing of that wish.

If the Transmittee wishes to have a Share transferred to another person, the Transmittee must
execute an instrument of transfer in respect of it.


===== page 18 =====
35.3

36.

Any transfer made or executed under this Article is to be treated as if it were made or executed
by the person from whom the Transmittee has derived rights in respect of the Share, and as if
the event which gave rise to the transmission had not occurred.

Transmittees bound by prior notices

If a notice is given to a Shareholder in respect of Shares and a Transmittee is entitled to those Shares,
the Transmittee is bound by the notice if it was given to the Shareholder before the Transmittee’s name
has been entered in the register of members.

37.
37.1

37.2

37.3

37.4

37.5

37.6

37.7

38.
38.1

38.2

Dividends and other distributions
Procedure for declaring dividends

The Company may by Ordinary Resolution declare dividends, and the Directors may decide to
pay interim dividends.

A dividend must not be declared unless the Directors have made a recommendation as to its
amount. Such a dividend must not exceed the amount recommended by the Directors.

No dividend may be declared or paid unless it is in accordance with Shareholders’ respective
rights.

Unless the Shareholders’ resolution to declare or Directors’ decision to pay a dividend, or the
terms on which Shares are issued, specify otherwise, it must be paid by reference to each
Shareholder’s holding of Shares on the date of the resolution or decision to declare or pay it.

If the Company's Share capital is divided into different classes, no interim dividend may be paid
on Shares carrying deferred or non-preferred rights if, at the time of payment, any preferential
dividend is in arrear.

The Directors may pay at intervals any dividend payable at a fixed rate if it appears to them that
the profits available for distribution justify the payment.

If the Directors act in good faith, they do not incur any liability to the holders of Shares conferring
preferred rights for any loss they may suffer by the lawful payment of an interim dividend on
Shares with deferred or non-preferred rights.

Payment of dividends and other distributions

Where a dividend or other sum which is a distribution is payable in respect of a Share, it must
be paid by one or more of the following means:-

38.1.1 transfer to a bank or building society account specified by the Distribution Recipient
either in writing or as the Directors may otherwise decide;

38.1.2 sending a cheque made payable to the Distribution Recipient by post to the Distribution
Recipient at the Distribution Recipient's registered address (if the Distribution Recipient
is a holder of the Share), or (in any other case) to an address specified by the
Distribution Recipient either in writing or as the Directors may otherwise decide;

38.1.3 sending a cheque made payable to such person by post to such person at such address
as the Distribution Recipient has specified either in writing or as the Directors may
otherwise decide; or

38.1.4 any other means of payment as the Directors agree with the Distribution Recipient
either in writing or by such other means as the Directors decide.

In the articles, ‘the Distribution Recipient’ means, in respect of a Share in respect of which a
dividend or other sum is payable:-

38.2.1 the holder of the Share; or

38.2.2 if the Share has two or more joint holders, whichever of them is named first in the
register of members; or


===== page 19 =====
39.
39.1

39.2

39.3

38.2.3. if the holder is no longer entitled to the share by reason of death or Bankruptcy, or
otherwise by operation of law, the Transmittee.

Return of Capital

On a return of capital on liquidation or otherwise (except on a redemption or purchase by the
Company of any Shares) (a Capital Return), the surplus assets of the Company remaining
after the payment of its liabilities shall be applied in the following order of priority:

39.1.1. first, in paying to each holder of Ordinary Shares, A Ordinary Shares and B Ordinary
Shares in respect of each Ordinary Share, A Ordinary Share or B Ordinary Share of
which it is the holder, a sum equal to the Issue Price thereof; and

39.1.2 subject to Article 39.3, the balance of such assets (if any) (the Balance) shall be
distributed amongst the holders of the Ordinary Shares, the A Ordinary Shares and the
B Ordinary Shares at the time of the Capital Return as follows:

39.1.2.1 the Balance shall first be paid to the holders of Ordinary Shares and the B
Ordinary Shares (up to the Sale Price for those Shares, but if such balance
shall be insufficient then pro rata) pro rata to the number of Ordinary Shares
or B Ordinary Shares held by each of them., until the earlier of:(a) an
aggregate amount equal to the First Threshold Price being distributed from
the Balance; and (b) the Balance being fully distributed;

39.1.2.2 if any of the Balance remains unpaid following any payment pursuant to
Article 39.1.2.1, then that part of the Balance will be paid to holders of A
Ordinary Shares, until the earlier of: (a) an aggregate amount equal to the
Second Threshold Price being distributed from the Balance (including
amounts paid pursuant to Article 39.1.2.1); and (b) the Balance being fully
distributed;

39.1.2.3 if any of the Balance remains unpaid following any payment pursuant to
- Article 39.1.2.2, then that part of the Balance will be paid to holders of the
Ordinary Shares and B Ordinary Shares (up to the Sale Price for those
Shares, but if such balance shall be insufficient then pro rata), pro rata to the
number of Ordinary Shares or B Ordinary Shares held by each of them, until
the earlier of: (a) an aggregate amount equal to the Third Threshold Price
being distributed from the Balance (including amounts paid pursuant to
Articles 39.1.2.1 and 39.1.2.2; and (b) the Balance being fully distributed;

39.1.2.4 if any of the Balance remains unpaid following any payment pursuant to
Article 39.1.2.3, the remaining Balance will be paid to the holders of the
Ordinary Shares, the A Ordinary Shares which together shall be treated as a
Single Class for the purposes of Article 39.1.2.4 pro rata to the number of
Shares in that Single Class held by each of them and the B Ordinary Shares
(up to the Sale Price for those Shares).

Subject to Article 39.3, in the event of a Sale then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
the terms and conditions governing such Sale, upon written notice being given to the selling
Shareholders, the selling Shareholders immediately prior to such Sale shall procure that the
Sale Proceeds (whenever received) shall be placed in a designated trustee account and shall
be distributed amongst such selling Shareholders in such amounts and in such order of priority
as would be applicable on a Capital Return (pursuant to Article 39.1).

In the event of a Sale:


===== page 20 =====
40.

39.3.1 if the payment of any part of the Sale Proceeds is deferred so that it is only due and
payable on date(s) falling after the completion of the Sale and is also contingent on
certain events or targets being met (a Deferred Contingent Instalment), the
provisions of Article 39.1 shall be applied at the time of completion in respect of the
Sale Proceeds to be paid on completion and repeated each time a Deferred Contingent
Instalment becomes unconditionally due and payable. Each time the provisions of
Article 39.1 are reapplied, when calculating the amount due to Shareholders, the Sale
Proceeds shall include the sum of all consideration that has already been paid and the
relevant Deferred Contingent Instalment being paid at that time, provided that account
shall be taken of amounts already received by Shareholders, or not received (as the
case may be), in respect of previous payments of consideration; and

39.3.2 if the payment of any part of the Sale Proceeds is deferred such that it is only
unconditionally due and payable on date(s) falling after completion of the Sale (a
Deferred Instalment), the provisions of Article 39.1 shall be applied on completion in
respect of the total amount of the Sale Proceeds. Shareholders shall be entitled to
share in each payment of the Sale Proceeds (including the Deferred Instalments) pro-
rata to their overall entitlement to the Sale Proceeds, as determined in accordance with
Article 39.2 as and when they become payable.

39.3.3 for the purposes of calculating the value of the Sale Proceeds when distributing these
in accordance with Article 39.2, if any part of the Sale Proceeds comprises the issue of
securities (not accompanied by a cash alternative):

39.3.3.1 if the securities will rank pari passu with a class of securities already traded
on a Recognised Investment Exchange, their value shall be treated as equal
to the value of such securities traded on such exchange; and

39.3.3.2 if the securities will not so rank, their value shall be determined by the
Company's accountants at the time.

‘No interest on distributions

The Company may not pay interest on any dividend or other sum payable in respect of a Share unless
otherwise provided by:-

40.1
40.2

41.
41.41

41.2

41.3

the terms on which the Share was issued, or
the provisions of another agreement between the holder of that Share and the Company.

Unclaimed distributions

All dividends or other sums which are:-

41.1.1. payable in respect of Shares, and

41.1.2 unclaimed after having been declared or become payable,

may be invested or otherwise made use of by the Directors for the benefit of the Company until
claimed.

The payment of any such dividend or other sum into a separate account does not make the
Company a trustee in respect of it.

Ift-

41.3.1 twelve years have passed from the date on which a dividend or other sum became due
for payment, and

41.3.2 the Distribution Recipient has not claimed it,

the Distribution Recipient is no longer entitled to that dividend or other sum and it ceases to
remain owing by the Company.


===== page 21 =====
42. Non-cash distributions

42.1 Subject to the terms of issue of the share in question, the Company may, by Ordinary
Resolution on the recommendation of the Directors, decide to pay all or part of a dividend or
other distribution payable in respect of a Share by transferring non-cash assets of equivalent
value (including, without limitation, shares or other securities in any Company).

42.2 For the purposes of paying a non-cash distribution, the Directors may make whatever
arrangements they think fit, including, where any difficulty arises regarding the distribution:-

42.2.1 fixing the value of any assets;

42.2.2 paying cash to any Distribution Recipient on the basis of that value in order to adjust
the rights of recipients; and

42.2.3 vesting any assets in trustees.

43. Waiver of distributions

Distribution Recipients may waive their entitlement to a dividend or other distribution payable in respect
of a Share by giving the Company notice in writing to that effect, but if--

43.1 the Share has more than one holder, or

43.2 more than one person is entitled to the Share, whether by reason of the death or Bankruptcy of
one or more joint holders, or otherwise,

the notice is not effective unless it is expressed to be given, and signed, by all the holders or persons
otherwise entitled to the Share.

Capitalisation of profits
44, Authority to capitalise and appropriation of capitalised sums
44.1 Subject to the Articles, the Directors may, if they are so authorised by an Ordinary Resolution:-

44.1.1 decide to capitalise any profits of the Company (whether or not they are available for
distribution) which are not required for paying a preferential dividend, or any sum
standing to the credit of the Company's share premium account or capital redemption
reserve; and

44.1.2 appropriate any sum which they so decide to capitalise (a capitalised sum) to the
persons who would have been entitled to it if it were distributed by way of dividend (the
persons entitled) and in the same proportions.

44.2 Capitalised sums must be applied:-
44.2.1 on behalf of the persons entitled, and
44.2.2 in the same proportions as a dividend would have been distributed to them.

44.3 Any capitalised sum may be applied in paying up new Shares of a nominal amount equal to the
capitalised sum which are then allotted credited as fully paid to the persons entitled or as they
may direct.

44.4 Acapitalised sum which was appropriated from profits available for distribution may be applied
in paying up new debentures of the Company which are then allotted credited as fully paid to
the persons entitled or as they may direct.

44.5 Subject to the Articles the Directors may:-

44.5.1 apply capitalised sums in accordance with Articles 44.3 and 44.4 partly in one way and
partly in another;

44.5.2 make such arrangements as they think fit to deal with Shares or debentures becoming
distributable in fractions under this article (including the issuing of fractional certificates
or the making of cash payments); and


===== page 22 =====
45.
45.1

45.2

45.3

45.4

45.5

46.

44.5.3 authorise any person to enter into an agreement with the Company on behalf of all the
persons entitled which is binding on them in respect of the allotment of Shares and
debentures to them under this Article.

PART 4: DECISION-MAKING BY SHAREHOLDERS
Organisation of general meetings
Attendance and speaking at general meetings

A person is able to exercise the right to speak at a general meeting when that person is in a
position to communicate to all those attending the meeting, during the meeting, any information
or opinions which that person has on the business of the meeting.

A person is able to exercise the right to vote at a general meeting when:-

45.2.1 that person is able to vote, during the meeting, on resolutions put to the vote at the
meeting, and

45.2.2 that person’s vote can be taken into account in determining whether or not such
resolutions are passed at the same time as the votes of all the other persons attending
the meeting.

The Directors may make whatever arrangements they consider appropriate to enable those
attending a general meeting to exercise their rights to speak or vote at it.

In determining attendance at a general meeting, it is immaterial whether any two or more
members attending it are in the same place as each other.

Two or more persons who are not in the same place as each other attend a general meeting if
their circumstances are such that if they have (or were to have) rights to speak and vote at that
meeting, they are (or would be) able to exercise them.

Quorum for general meetings

No business other than the appointment of the Chairman of the meeting is to be transacted at a general
meeting if the persons attending it do not constitute a quorum.

47.
47.1

47.2

47.3

48.
48.1
48.2

Chairing general meetings

If the Directors have appointed a Chairman, the Chairman shall chair general meetings if
present and willing to do so.

If the Directors have not appointed a Chairman, or if the Chairman is unwilling to chair the
meeting or is not present within ten minutes of the time at which a meeting was due to start:-

47.2.1 the Directors present, or
47.2.2 (if no Directors are present), the meeting,

must appoint a Director or Shareholder to chair the meeting, and the appointment of the
Chairman of the meeting must be the first business of the meeting.

The person chairing a meeting in accordance with this article is referred to as ‘the Chairman of
the meeting’.

Attendance and speaking by directors and non-shareholders

Directors may attend and speak at general meetings, whether or not they are Shareholders.
The Chairman of the meeting may permit other persons who are not:-

48.2.1 Shareholders of the Company, or

48.2.2 otherwise entitled to exercise the rights of shareholders in relation to general meetings,


===== page 23 =====
49.
49.1

49.2

49.3

49.4

49.5

49.6

50.

to attend and speak at a general meeting.

Adjournment

If the persons attending a general meeting within half an hour of the time at which the meeting
was due to start do not constitute a quorum, or if during a meeting a quorum ceases to be
present, the Chairman of the meeting must adjourn it.

The Chairman of the meeting may adjourn a general meeting at which a quorum is present if:-
49.2.1 the meeting consents to an adjournment, or

49.2.2 it appears to the Chairman of the meeting that an adjournment is necessary to protect
the safety of any person attending the meeting or ensure that the business of the
meeting is conducted in an orderly manner.

The Chairman of the meeting must adjourn a general meeting if directed to do so by the
meeting.

When adjourning a general meeting, the Chairman of the meeting must:

49.4.1 either specify the time and place to which it is adjourned or state that it is to continue at
a time and place to be fixed by the Directors, and

49.4.2 have regard to any directions as to the time and place of any adjournment which have
been given by the meeting.

If the continuation of an adjourned meeting is to take place more than 14 days after it was
adjourned, the Company must give at least 7 clear days’ notice of it (that is, excluding the day
of the adjourned meeting and the day on which the notice is given):-

49.5.1 to the same persons to whom notice of the Company’s general meetings is required to
be given, and

49.5.2 containing the same information which such notice is required to contain.

No business may be transacted at an adjourned general meeting which could not properly have
been transacted at the meeting if the adjournment had not taken place.

Voting at general meetings
Voting: general

A resolution put to the vote of a general meeting must be decided on a show of hands unless a poll is
duly demanded in accordance with the Articles.

51.
51.1

51.2

52.
52.1

52.2

Errors and disputes

No objection may be raised to the qualification of any person voting at a general meeting except
at the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the vote objected to is tendered, and every vote
not disallowed at the meeting is valid.

Any such objection must be referred to the Chairman of the meeting, whose decision is final.

Poll votes
A poll on a resolution may be demanded:-
52.1.1. in advance of the general meeting where it is to be put to the vote, or

52.1.2 at a general meeting, either before a show of hands on that resolution or immediately
after the result of a show of hands on that resolution is declared.

A poll may be demanded by:-
52.2.1 the Chairman of the meeting;


===== page 24 =====
52.3

52.4

53.
53.1

53.2

53.3

53.4

54.
54.1

54.2

54.3

54.4

55.
55.1

52.2.2 the Directors;
52.2.3 two or more persons having the right to vote on the resolution; or

52.2.4 a person or persons representing not less than one tenth of the total voting rights of all
the Shareholders having the right to vote on the resolution.

A demand for a poll may be withdrawn if:-

52.3.1 the poll has not yet been taken, and

52.3.2 the Chairman of the meeting consents to the withdrawal.

Polls must be taken immediately and in such manner as the Chairman of the meeting directs.

Content of Proxy Notices
Proxies may only validly be appointed by a notice in writing (a Proxy Notice) which:-
53.1.1 states the name and address of the Shareholder appointing the proxy;

53.1.2 identifies the person appointed to be that Shareholder's proxy and the general meeting
in relation to which that person is appointed;

53.1.3. is signed by or on behalf of the Shareholder appointing the proxy, or is authenticated
in such manner as the Directors may determine; and

53.1.4 is delivered to the Company in accordance with the Articles and any instructions
contained in the notice of the general meeting to which they relate.

The Company may require Proxy Notices to be delivered in a particular form, and may specify
different forms for different purposes.

Proxy Notices may specify how the proxy appointed under them is to vote (or that the proxy is
to abstain from voting) on one or more resolutions.

Unless a Proxy Notice indicates otherwise, it must be treated as:-

53.4.1 allowing the person appointed under it as a proxy discretion as to how to vote on any
ancillary or procedural resolutions put to the meeting, and

53.4.2 appointing that person as a proxy in relation to any adjournment of the general meeting
to which it relates as well as the meeting itself.

Delivery of Proxy Notices

A person who is entitled to attend, speak or vote (either on a show of hands or on a poll) ata
general meeting remains so entitled in respect of that meeting or any adjournment of it, even
though a valid Proxy Notice has been delivered to the Company by or on behalf of that person.

An appointment under a Proxy Notice may be revoked by delivering to the Company a notice
in writing given by or on behalf of the person by whom or on whose behalf the Proxy Notice
was given.

A notice revoking a proxy appointment only takes effect if it is delivered before the start of the
meeting or adjourned meeting to which it relates.

If a Proxy Notice is not executed by the person appointing the proxy, it must be accompanied
by written evidence of the authority of the person who executed it to execute it on the appointor’s
behalf.

Amendments to resolutions

An Ordinary Resolution to be proposed at a general meeting may be amended by Ordinary
Resolution if:-


===== page 25 =====
55.2

55.3

56.
56.1

56.2

56.3

57.

57.1
57.2
57.3

57.4

58.

55.1.1 notice of the proposed amendment is given to the Company in writing by a person
entitled to vote at the general meeting at which it is to be proposed not less than 48
hours before the meeting is to take place (or such later time as the Chairman of the
meeting may determine), and

55.1.2 the proposed amendment does not, in the reasonable opinion of the Chairman of the
meeting, materially alter the scope of the resolution.

A Special Resolution to be proposed at a general meeting may be amended by Ordinary
Resolution, if:-

55.2.1 the Chairman of the meeting proposes the amendment at the general meeting at which
the resolution is to be proposed, and

55.2.2 the amendment does not go beyond what is necessary to correct a grammatical or
other non-substantive error in the resolution.

If the Chairman of the meeting, acting in good faith, wrongly decides that an amendment to a
resolution is out of order, the Chairman’s error does not invalidate the vote on that resolution.

PART 5: ADMINISTRATIVE ARRANGEMENTS
Means of communication to be used

Subject to the Articles, anything sent or supplied by or to the Company under the Articles may
be sent or supplied in any way in which the Companies Act 2006 provides for documents or
information which are authorised or required by any provision of that Act to be sent or supplied
by or to the Company.

Subject to the Articles, any notice or document to be sent or supplied to a Director in connection
with the taking of decisions by Directors may also be sent or supplied by the means by which
that Director has asked to be sent or supplied with such notices or documents for the time
being.

A Director may agree with the Company that notices or documents sent to that Director in a
particular way are to be deemed to have been received within a specified time of their being
sent, and for the specified time to be less than 48 hours.

Company seals
Any common seal may only be used by the authority of the Directors.
The Directors may decide by what means and in what form any common seal is to be used.

Unless otherwise decided by the Directors, if the Company has a common seal and it is affixed
to a document, the document must also be signed by at least one authorised person in the
presence of a witness who attests the signature.

For the purposes of this Article, an authorised person is:-
57.4.1 any Director of the Company;
57.4.2 the company secretary (if any); or

57.4.3 any person authorised by the Directors for the purpose of signing documents to which
the common seal is applied.

No right to inspect accounts and other records

Except as provided by law or authorised by the Directors or an Ordinary Resolution of the Company,
no person is entitled to inspect any of the Company's accounting or other records or documents merely
by virtue of being a Shareholder.


===== page 26 =====
59.

Provision for employees on cessation of business

The Directors may decide to make provision for the benefit of persons employed or formerly employed
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than a Director or former Director or shadow Director)
in connection with the cessation or transfer to any person of the whole or part of the undertaking of the
Company or that Subsidiary.

60.
60.1

60.2

60.3

61.
61.1

61.2

Directors’ indemnity and insurance
Indemnity

Subject to Article 60.1.3, a Relevant Director of the Company or an Associated Company may
be indemnified out of the Company’s assets against:-

60.1.1 any liability incurred by that Director in connection with any negligence, default, breach
of duty or breach of trust in relation to the Company or an associated company,

60.1.2 any liability incurred by that director in connection with the activities of the Company or
an associated company in its capacity as a trustee of an occupational pension scheme
(as defined in section 235(6) of the Companies Act 2006),

60.1.3 any other liability incurred by that Director as an officer of the Company or an associated
Company.

This Article does not authorise any indemnity which would be prohibited or rendered void by
any provision of the Companies Acts or by any other provision of law.

In this article:-

60.3.1 companies are Associated if one is a Subsidiary of the other or both are Subsidiaries
of the same body corporate, and

60.3.2 a ‘Relevant Director’ means any Director or former Director of the Company or an
associated company.

Insurance

The Directors may decide to purchase and maintain insurance, at the expense of the company,
for the benefit of any Relevant Director in respect of any relevant loss.

In this article:-

61.2.1 a Relevant Director means any Director or former Director of the Company or an
Associated Company,

61.2.2 a Relevant Loss means any loss or liability which has been or may be incurred by a
Relevant Director in connection with that Director's duties or powers in relation to the
Company, any associated company or any pension fund or employees’ share scheme
of the Company or associated company, and

61.2.3. companies are associated if one is a Subsidiary of the other or both are Subsidiaries of
the same body corporate
