

===== page 1 =====
Registration number: 01899316

Bridgepoint Advisers Holdings
ANNUAL REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023

THURSDAY

IMI !

sonszoz8 #
COMPANIES HOUSE


===== page 2 =====
Bridgepoint Advisers Holdings

Strategic Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2023

The Directors present their strategic report for the year ended 31 December 2023.

Principal activity

The principal activity of Bridgepoint Advisers Holdings (the "Company") is to act as a holding company for
subsidiary undertakings and also invest into certain of the funds managed by subsidiaries of Bridgepoint Group
plc ("the Group"). There have not been any significant changes in the Company's principal activities during the
year under review.

Results
The profit for the financial year is £30.9m (2022: £49.7m) and at the year end the Company has net assets of
£207.4m (2022: £176.5m).

Principal risks and uncertainties

The Company's main income is generated from investments in limited partnerships. The business is subject to
risks associated with the performance of the funds managed and the tax and regulatory regimes within which its
business operates.

Investment performance

The Company may experience poor investment performance of subsidiary undertakings and of the funds
managed by the Group due to the failure of strategies implemented in managing the portfolio of assets. This
would impact dividend income, investment income, carried interest income and the impairment of subsi
In order to minimise the impact of poor investment performance, the Group has in place a robust and disciplined
investment process where investments are analysed and selected by the Group’s Operating Committees and
Investment Advisory Committees. Portfolio Management and Portfolio Review Committees regularly monitor
investment performance and delivery of investment objectives. Investment processes not only evaluate and
mitigate the risks inherent in particular investments or divestments, but also ensure that all investment decisions
are taken in accordance with the relevant fund’s investment strategy.

Regulatory risk

As the Group has corporate and fund entities located in multiple jurisdictions and a diverse investor base, it is
subject to a wide range of laws and regulations and supervised by a number of regulators. Failure to comply
with these professional conduct rules, laws and regulations may put the Group at risk of fines, lawsuits or
reputational damage. The Group has dedicated Legal and Compliance functions that provide guidance to the
business on its regulatory and legal obligations. These functions monitor regulatory and legislative changes in
the jurisdictions in which the Group operate and interact with regulators and industry bodies to stay informed of
regulatory changes.

Loss of key personnel

The Company relies on the expertise and knowledge of investment executives of the Group. Unexpected loss of
one or more key employees coud adversely affect the Company's business. The Group has competitive incentive
schemes designed to attract and retain its people and is committed to providing competitive remuneration
packages.

Technology risk

The Group relies on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in its
computer systems and networks. Cyber-security incidents and cyber-attacks have been occurring globally at a
more frequent and severe level and will likely continue to increase in frequency in the future. Cyber-security
failures, technology failures or data security breaches could result in the confidentiality, integrity or availability
of data being negatively affected, causing disruption or damage to us. The Group has in place an internal
vulnerability management programme, as well as critical asset processes to patch critical vulnerabilities.

Page 1


===== page 3 =====
Bridgepoint Advisers Holdings
Strategic Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2023

Foreign exchange risk
‘The Company is subject to foreign exchange risk arising from its income earned. Further details of the exposure
is included in notes to these financial statements.

Credit and liquidity risk

Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Company as a result of a counterparty failing to meet its contractual
obligations. This risk is principally in connection with the Company's receivables from group undertakings. The
Directors consider the Company's credit exposure to trade and other receivables to be low. The Company's
credit exposure to the Group entities is linked to the liquidity risk of the Group.

Key performance indicators

The Company considers investment performance, income from investments in limited partnerships and profit
before tax as the key performance indicators of the business. Given the straightforward nature of the business,
the Directors are of the opinion that analysis using key performance indicators is not necessary for an
understanding of the development, performance, or position of the business.

Statement by the Directors in performance of their statutory duties in accordance with s172(1)
Companies Act 2006

The Directors of the Company, as those of all UK companies, must act in accordance with a set of general
duties, which are detailed in Section 172 of the UK Companies Act 2006.

A Director of a company must act in the way they consider, in good faith, would be most likely to promote the
success of the company for the benefit of its shareholders as a whole and, in doing so have regard (among other
matters) to:

+ the likely consequences of any decision in the long-term;

* the interest of the company's employees;

+ the need to foster the company's relationships with suppliers, customers and others;

+ the impact of the company's operations on the community and environment;

+ the desirability of the company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct; and
+ the need to act fairly as between shareholders of the company

Bridgepoint Group plc has a Group Board (which are the Directors of Bridgepoint Group plc) which takes
executive responsibility for the strategic direction of the Group entities including the Company. It has executive
responsibility for setting the Group's strategy and ensuring that the shared values and business objectives are
upheld and met.

The Directors of the Company are involved in decisions that impact the Company as required under the
Companies Act 2006. Such matters include making commitments to investments and subsidiary companies and
a decision to pay a dividend.

An explanation of how the Group Board has considered the matters set out in Section 172 (for the Group, and
including the Company) is set out in the Annual Report and Accounts of Bridgepoint Group plc. This includes
details of the development, performance and position of the Group, as well as how the Group undertakes
business conduct, employee and fund investor engagement, risk management and community engagement.

Approved by the Board and signed on its behalf on 24 April 2024 by:

Ihe

AM Jones
Director

Page 2


===== page 4 =====
Bridgepoint Advisers Holdings

Directors' Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2023

The Directors present their annual report together with the audited financial statements (the "financial
statements") of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2023.

Results and dividends
The results for the financial year are shown on page 10.

No dividend was paid in the current year (2022: nil).

Future developments
In the future, the Company will continue to act as a holding company and continue to invest in certain Funds
managed by subsidiaries of the Bridgepoint Group.

Directors of the Company
The Directors who held office during the year and up to to the date of this report were as follows:

JR Hughes

AM Jones

P Koziarski (appointed 13 February 2024)

DS Plant (appointed 13 February 2024)

RC Thompson

G P Weldon (resigned on 13 February 2024)

E G Woods (resigned on 13 February 2024 and reappointed on 4 March 2024)

Directors' indemnity

During the year and at the time of signing, a Bridgepoint Group entity maintains liability insurance for Directors
and officers of the Bridgepoint Group and associated companies, which includes the Company. This is a
qualifying third party indemnity provision for the purpose of the Companies Act 2006.

Statement of Directors' Responsibilities
The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities for preparing the annual report and the financial statements in
accordance with applicable law and regulations.

Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law the

Directors have elected to prepare the financial statements in accordance with United Kingdom Generally

Accepted Accounting Practice (United Kingdom Accounting Standards, comprising FRS 102 “The Financial

Reporting Standard applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland”, and applicable law). Under company law the

Directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view

of the state of affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for that period. In preparing these

financial statements, the Directors are required to:

* select suitable accounting policies and apply them consistently;

* make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

* state whether applicable United Kingdom Accounting Standards, comprising FRS 102, have been followed,
subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements; and

* prepare the financial statements on the going concer basis unless they either intend to liquidate the
Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain
the Company's transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the
Company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They
are also responsible for safeguarding the assets of the Company and hence for taking reasonable steps for the
prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities.

Page 3


===== page 5 =====
Bridgepoint Advisers Holdings

Directors' Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2023

The Director are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the corporate and financial information
included on the Company’s website. Legislation in the UK governing the preparation and dissemination of
financial statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.

Financial risk management

In the normal course of business, financial instruments are used for the purpose of managing exposures to
foreign exchange movements. The Company's operations expose it to market, credit and liquidity risk. Further
information is included in note 15 to the financial statements.

Statement of engagement with suppliers, customers and others in a business relationship with the
company

From the perspective of the Directors of the Company, as a result of the group governance structure, the Group
Board has taken the lead in carrying out the duties of the Company in respect of its shareholders, employees,
fund investors and community engagement. An explanation of how the Group Board has carried out these
responsibilities (for the Group and for the Company) is set out in the Annual Report and Accounts of
Bridgepoint Group ple.

Post balance sheet events .
There were no material events after the reporting period that would require adjusting or disclosing within these
accounts.

Disclosure of information to the auditor

Each Director at the time when the Directors' Report is approved has confirmed that:

* so far as the Director is aware, there is no relevant audit information needed by the Company’s auditor in
connection with preparing their report of which the Company's auditor is unaware; and

+ the Director has taken all the steps that ought to have been taken as a Director in order to be aware of any
relevant audit information and to establish that the Company's auditor is aware of that information.

Appointment of auditor
Pursuant to Section 487 of the Companies Act 2006, the auditors will be deemed to be reappointed and Mazars
LLP will therefore continue in office.

Approved by the Board and signed on its behalf on 24 April 2024 by:

Whe.

AM Jones
Director

Page 4


===== page 6 =====
Independent auditor’s report to the members of Bridgepoint
Advisers Holdings

Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of Bridgepoint Advisers Holdings (the ‘Company’) for the year ended
31 December 2023 which comprise the Profit and Loss Account, the Statement of Comprehensive Income, the
Balance Sheet, the Statement of Changes in Equity and notes to the financial statements, including a summary
of significant accounting policies.

The financial reporting framework that has been applied in their preparation is applicable law and United
Kingdom Accounting Standards, including FRS 102 “The Financial Reporting Standard applicable in the UK
and Republic of Ireland” (United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice).

In our opinion, the financial statements:

© give a true and fair view of the state of the Company’s affairs as at 31 December 2023 and of its profit for
the year then ended;

* have been properly prepared in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting
Practice; and

« have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.
Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and
applicable law. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the “Auditor’s responsibilities .
for the audit of the financial statements” section of our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance
with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in the UK, including the
FRC’s Ethical Standard, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these
requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a
basis for our opinion.

Conclusions relating to going concern

In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the directors’ use of the going concem basis of
accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is appropriate.

Page 5


===== page 7 =====
Based on the work we have performed, we have not identified any material uncertainties relating to events or
conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the Company's ability to continue as
a going concern for a period of at least twelve months from when the financial statements are authorised for
issue.

Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the directors with respect to going concern are described in the

relevant sections of this report.
Other information

The other information comprises the information included in the annual report, other than the financial
statements and our auditor’s report thereon. The directors are responsible for the other information contained
within the annual report. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and,
except to the extent otherwise explicitly stated in our report, we do not express any form of assurance conclusion
thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is
materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the course of the audit, or
otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If we identify such material inconsistencies or apparent material
misstatements, we are required to determine whether this gives rise to a material misstatement in the financial
statements themselves. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material
misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.

We have nothing to report in this regard.

Opinions on other matters prescribed by the Companies Act 2006

In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit:

© the information given in the strategic report and the directors’ report for the financial year for which the
financial statements are prepared is consistent with the financial statements; and

© the strategic report and the directors’ report have been prepared in accordance with applicable legal
requirements.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception

In light of the knowledge and understanding of the Company and its environment obtained in the course of the
audit, we have not identified material misstatements in the strategic report or the directors’ report.

Page 6


===== page 8 =====
We have nothing to report in respect of the following matters in relation to which the Companies Act 2006
requires us to report to you if, in our opinion:

adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received
from branches not visited by us; or

¢ the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or
© certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or

we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit.

Responsibilities of Directors

As explained more fully in the Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities set out on page 3, the directors are
responsible for the preparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair
view, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to
continue as a going concem, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concer basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations,
or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial statements.

The extent to which our procedures are capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud is detailed below.

Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations. We design procedures
in line with our responsibilities, outlined above, to detect material misstatements in respect of irregularities,
including fraud.

Based on our understanding of the Company and its industry, we considered that non-compliance with the
following laws and regulations might have a material effect on the financial statements: tax legislation, the UK
Bribery Act and anti-money laundering regulation.

Page 7


===== page 9 =====
To help us identify instances of non-compliance with these laws and regulations, and in identifying and assessing
the risks of material misstatement in respect to non-compliance, our procedures included, but were not limited
to: :
© inquiring of management and, where appropriate, those charged with governance, as to whether the
Company is in compliance with laws and regulations, and discussing their policies and procedures
regarding compliance with laws and regulations;
© inspecting correspondence, if any, with relevant licensing or regulatory authorities;
© communicating identified laws and regulations to the engagement team and remaining alert to any
indications of non-compliance throughout our audit; and
e considering the risk of acts by the Company which were contrary to applicable laws and regulations,
including fraud.

We also considered those laws and regulations that have a direct effect on the preparation of the financial
statements, such as the Companies Act 2006.

In addition, we evaluated the directors’ and management’s incentives and opportunities for fraudulent
manipulation of the financial statements, including the risk of management override of controls, and determined
that the principal risks related to manipulating accounting records, preparing fraudulent financial statements by
overriding controls that otherwise appear to be operating effectively and management bias through judgements
and assumptions in significant accounting estimates, in particular in relation to valuation of private equity and
credit funds and recognition of carried interest income and measurement of carried interest receivable.

Our audit procedures in relation to fraud included but were not limited to:

e making enquiries of the directors and management on whether they had knowledge of any actual, suspected
or alleged fraud;

© gaining an understanding of the internal controls established to mitigate risks related to fraud;
« discussing amongst the engagement team the risks of fraud;

* critically assessing accounting estimates impacting amounts included in the financial statements for
evidence of management bias; and

«addressing the risks of fraud through management override of controls by performing journal entry testing.

There are inherent limitations in the audit procedures described above and the primary responsibility for the
prevention and detection of irregularities including fraud rests with management. As with any audit, there
remained a risk of non-detection of irregularities, as these may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
misrepresentations or the override of internal controls.

A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the Financial
Reporting Council’s website at www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms part of our
auditor’s report.

Page 8


===== page 10 =====
Use of the audit report

This report is made solely to the Company’s members as a body in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the
Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the Company’s members
those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the fullest
extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the
Company’s members as a body for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Diego Fethan:

ir 24, 2024 ya GMT)

‘Diego Fernandez (Senior Statutory Auditor) for and on behalf of Mazars LLP
Chartered Accountants and Statutory Auditor

30 Old Bailey

London

EC4M 7AU

24 April 2024

Page 9


===== page 11 =====
Bridgepoint Advisers Holdings

Profit and Loss Account for the Year Ended 31 December 2023

Note
Income from shares in group undertakings
Income from investments in limited partnerships
Carried interest 1
Other income
Total turnover
Fees payable
Administrative expenses
Net foreign exchange gains
Operating profit 5
Interest receivable and similar income
Interest payable and similar expenses
Profit before tax
Taxation 8

Profit for the financial year

The results above relate to continuing operations.

2023
£000

19
13,845
30,124

793

44,781
(50)
(357)

593

44,967
51
(1,027)
43,991
(13,137)
30,854

2022
£000

47
41,170
23,640
65,281

6D
(4,479)
129

60,880
69
(1,680)

59,269
(9,531

49,738

The notes on pages 14 to 36 form an integral part of these financial statements.

Page 10


===== page 12 =====
Bridgepoint Advisers Holdings

Statement of Comprehensive Income for the Year Ended 31 December 2023

2023 2022
Note £000 £000
Profit for the year 30,854 49,738

Other comprehensive income:

Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax - -
49,738

Total comprehensive income for the year

The results above relate to continuing operations.

The notes on pages 14 to 36 form an integral part of these financial statements.

Page 11


===== page 13 =====
Bridgepoint Advisers Holdings

(Registration number: 01899316)
Balance Sheet as at 31 December 2023

2023
Note £000
Non-current assets :
Investments in subsidiaries 9 115,073
Fund investments 10 278,500
Carried interest receivable ll 64,821
Debtors: amounts falling due after more than one year 12 3,301
461,695
Current assets .
Debtors: amounts falling due within one year 12 118,901
Other investments 7,500
Cash and cash equivalents L112
127,513
Current liabilities
Creditors: amounts falling due within one year 13 (337,394)
Net current liabilities” (209,881)
Total assets less current liabilities 251,814
Trade and other payables 13 (12,603)
Provisions for liabilities (31,854)
Net assets ST
Capital and reserves
Called up share capital 16 5,329
Retained earnings 202,028
Total equity 207,357

2022
£000

112,220
238,254
39,397
3,380

393,251

157,598

11,406
169,004

(349,416)

(180,412)

212,839
(12,934)

(23,402
176,503

5,329
171,174

176,503

The financial statements of Bridgepoint Advisers Holdings were approved and authorised by the Board of
Directors and signed on its behalf on 24 April 2024 by

IWhes

AM Jones
Director

The notes on pages 14 to 36 form an integral part of these financial statements.

Page 12


===== page 14 =====
Bridgepoint Advisers Holdings

Statement of Changes in Equity for the Year Ended 31 December 2023

At I January 2022
Profit for the year
Other comprehensive income

Total comprehensive income for the year

At 31 December 2022

At I January 2023
Profit for the year
Other comprehensive income

Total comprehensive income for the year

At 31 December 2023

The notes on pages 14 to 36 form an integral part of these financial statements.

Called up Retained
share capital earnings Total equity
£000 £000 £000
5,329 121,436 126,765
- 49,738 49,738
: 49,738 49,738
5,329 171,174 176,503

Called up Retained
share capital earnings Total equity
£000 £000 £000
5,329 171,174 176,503
- 30,854 30,854
: 30,854 30,854
5,329 202,028 207,357

Page 13


===== page 15 =====
Bridgepoint Advisers Holdings

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2023

1 General information

The Company is a private unlimited company domiciled in the United Kingdom. The Company is incorporated
in England and Wales. The address of its registered office and principal place of business is 5 Marble Arch,
London, England, W1H 7EJ.

2 Statement of compliance

The individual financial statements of the Company have been prepared in compliance with United Kingdom
Accounting Standards, including Financial Reporting Standard 102, "The Financial Reporting Standard
applicable in the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland" ("FRS 102") and the Companies Act 2006.

3 Summary of significant accounting policies

The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these financial statements are set out below.
These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.

a Basis of preparation

These financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, as modified by certain
financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss, when it is required by FRS 102.

b Consolidation

Under section 400 of the Companies Act 2006, the Company is exempt from the requirement to prepare
consolidated accounts as it is itself a subsidiary undertaking and it is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Bridgepoint
Group plc, a company incorporated within the United Kingdom, which prepares consolidated accounts that
include the Company and its subsidiaries.

¢ Going concern

The directors are required to assess and confirm the appropriateness of the going concern assumption as the
basis of preparation. Whilst the Company has ‘net current liabilities as a result of its activity as an investor in
funds managed by Bridgepoint and as a holding company for the Group's subsidiaries, this largely consists of
intercompany payables.

As the Company does not operate as a standalone entity but contributes to the performance of the Group to
which it belongs, which is headed by Bridgepoint Group ple, it is appropriate to consider the going concem of
the Company with reference to the Group's viability and performance.

The assessment for the Group has been performed for a period of at least 12 months from the date of the
approval of Company's financial statements, This assessment considered a wide range of information including
the Group's business and operating models and strategy, the risk appetite and details of the approach to
managing risk and a summary of the current financial position and resources, from this assessment it is
concluded that the Company remains a going concern.

Page 14


===== page 16 =====
Bridgepoint Advisers Holdings

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2023

3 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)

d Exemption under Financial Reporting Standards

FRS 102 allows a qualifying entity certain disclosure exemptions, subject to certain conditions, which have been
complied with, including notification of, and no objection to, the use of the exemptions by the Company's
shareholder. The Company has taken advantage of the following exemptions:

Cash Flow Statement - The Company has taken advantage of the exemption, under FRS 102 paragraph 1.12 (b),
from preparing a statement of cash flows, on the basis that it is a qualifying entity and its ultimate parent
company, Bridgepoint Group ple, includes the Company's cash flows in their own consolidated financial
statements.

Related Party Transactions - The Company has taken advantage of the exemption, under FRS 102 paragraph
33.1A, from disclosing related party transactions within the Bridgepoint Group on the grounds that 100% of the
voting rights are controlled within the Group. Transactions with the Bridgepoint funds and the shareholders of
the Bridgepoint Group are not exempt and are disclosed where applicable.

e Revenue recognition

Income is recognised in the Profit and Loss Account and the Statement of Comprehensive Income on an
accruals basis.

Income from shares in Group undertakings comprises dividend income. Dividend income is recognised in profit
or loss on the date on which the Company's right to receive payment is established.

Income from investments in Limited Partnerships consists primarily of fair value measurements of the
Company's investments in private equity and credit funds. Details of the valuation of such investments is
explained further within note 4.

Other income from Investments in Limited Partnerships also comprises annual share from Limited Partnerships.
Such income is recognised when the right to receive payment is established.

Carried interest consist of income from fund profits through the Company's holdings in Founder Partnerships as
variable consideration dependent on the level of fund returns. The entitlement to carried interest and the amount
is determined. by.the level of accumulated profits exceeding an agreed threshold (the “hurdle”) over the life-time
of each fund. The carried interest income is only recognised to the extent it is highly probable that there would
not be a significant reversal of any accumulated revenue recognised on the completion of a fund. The reversal
risk due to uncertainty of future fund performance is managed through the application of discounts. This is
explained further within note 4. Amounts are typically presented as non-current assets unless they are expected
to be received within the next 12 months.

Other income includes income eared from loans made to fund portfolio companies. Interest income is accrued
on the principal amount of the loans based on the contractual interest rate.

All income is generated within the UK.

Page 15


===== page 17 =====
Bridgepoint Advisers Holdings

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2023

3 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)

f Expenses

Expenses incurred have been recognised on an accruals basis.
g Interest income and expense
Interest income and expense is recognised using the effective interest rate method.

Credit facility arrangement fees are capitalised and amortised to the Profit and Loss Account using the effective
interest method over the term of the facility.

h Taxation

Taxation expense for the period comprises current and deferred tax recognised in the reporting period. Tax is
recognised in the profit and loss account, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other
comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income
or directly in equity respectively.

Current tax is the amount of income tax payable in respect of the taxable profit for the year or prior year. Tax is
calculated on the basis of tax rates and laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the period end.

Deferred tax arises from timing differences that are differences between taxable profits and total comprehensive
income as stated in the financial statements. These timing differences arise from the inclusion of income and
expenses in tax assessments in periods different from those in which they are recognised in financial statements.

Deferred tax is recognised on all timing differences at the reporting date except for certain exceptions.
Unrelieved tax losses and other deferred tax assets are only recognised when it is probable that they will be
recovered against the reversal of deferred tax liabilities or other future taxable profits. Deferred tax is measured
using tax rates and laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the period end and that are expected
to apply to the reversal of the timing difference. :

Deferred taxation assets and liabilities are not discounted.

i Foreign currency transactions and balances

The Company's functional and presentation currency is the pound sterling. These financial statements are
presented in pound sterling and rounded to thousands.

Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the opening spot exchange rate
for the month in which the transaction occurs as an approximation for the actual rate’at the date of the
transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated to sterling using the
closing rate at the year-end. Non-monetary items measured at historical cost are translated using the exchange
rate at the date of the transaction and non-monetary items measured at fair value are measured using the
exchange rate when fair value was determined.

Foreign currency gains and losses are recognised in the Profit and Loss Account.

Page 16


===== page 18 =====
Bridgepoint Advisers Holdings

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2023

3 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)

j Derivative instruments and hedge accounting

The Company enters derivative instruments to manage its exposure to foreign exchange rate risk, namely
foreign currency forwards. Derivative financial instruments are initially measured at fair value on the date on
which the derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently measured at fair value at each reporting date.

As the derivatives are designated as fair value hedges, all fair value movements are recognised in the Profit and
Loss Account. Where a derivative relates to a hedge of investments in foreign currencies, the profit or loss on
the revaluation of the hedging instrument is recognised together with the investment returns in the Profit and
Loss account.

Prior to their settlement, derivatives are carried as assets when the fair value is positive and as liabilities when
the fair value is negative. The fair value of unsettled forward currency contracts is calculated by reference to the
market for forward contracts with similar maturities.

k Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and casli equivalents comprise cash in hand and call deposits, held at call with banks with an original
maturity of three months or less.

1 Debtors

Short term debtors are measured at the transaction price, less any impairment. Loans receivable are measured
initially at fair value, net of transaction costs, and are measured subsequently at amortised cost using the
effective interest method, less any impairment, except where repayable on demand. The fair value of balances
repayable on demand is discounted from the earliest date it can be demanded.

m Creditors

Short term creditors are measured at the transaction price. Other financial liabilities, are measured initially at
fair value, net of transaction costs, and are measured subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest
method, less any impairment, except where repayable on demand. The fair value of balances repayable on
demand is discounted from the earliest date it can be demanded.

n_ Financial instruments

Financial assets and liabilities are recognised when the Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions
of the instrument. The Company has chosen to adopt Sections 11 and 12 of FRS 102 in respect of financial
instruments.

Page 17


===== page 19 =====
Bridgepoint Advisers Holdings

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2023

3 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)

n_ Financial instruments (continued)

Fund investments

Investments representing interests in private equity and credit funds are initially recognised at fair value and
subsequently measured at fair value through the Profit and Loss Account. The Group's undertakings are fair
valued using the net asset value of the underlying fund determined by the manager of the underlying fund. This
is reassessed by the Directors considering all factors, information and data deemed to be pertinent.

Investments within each fund are measured at fair value as determined in good faith by the manager in
accordance with the terms of the Limited Partnership Agreement (“LPA”) of each fund and the International
Private Equity and Venture Capital Valuation Guidelines (“IPEV”) and are reviewed and approved by the
relevant Bridgepoint Valuation Committees. The valuations provided by the managers typically reflect the fair
value of the Group’s proportionate share of capital account balance of each investment as at 31 December 2023
or the latest available date.

Investments in subsidiary undertakings

Investments in subsidiary undertakings, that are not investment vehicles, are stated at cost less provision for any
impairment. Provisions are only made where in the opinion of the Directors there is an impairment in value.

Loan to subsidiaries

Interest free loans to subsidiaries, due in greater than one year, are financing transactions. They are measured at
the present value of the future payments discounted at a market rate of interest for a similar debt instrument.
Such assets are subsequently carried at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method. For loans which
are repayable on demand, they are recognised at transaction price as the present value of a financial asset that is
repayable on demand is equal to the undiscounted cash amount payable reflecting the lender’s right to demand
immediate repayment.

Loans to subsidiaries with market interest rate are basic debt instruments and are recognised at transaction price
and measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method.
Other investments

Other investments include, but are not limited to, loans made to fund portfolio companies. Other investments
that are held to collect contractual cash flows and which contain contractual terms that give rise on specified
dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost.

o Dividends

Dividends and other distributions to the Company's shareholder are recognised in the period in which the
dividends and other distributions are approved by the shareholder. These amounts are recognised in the
statement of changes in equity.

Page 18


===== page 20 =====
Bridgepoint Advisers Holdings

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2023

4 Judgements in applying accounting policies and key sources of estimation uncertainty

In applying the Company’s accounting policies, the Directors may be required to make judgements, estimates
and assumptions that could impact the amounts reported for assets and liabilities as at the reporting date and the
amounts reported for revenues and expenses during the year. The Directors’ judgements, estimates and
assumptions are based on the best and most reliable evidence available at the time when the decisions are made,
and are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be applicable. Due to the inherent
subjectivity involved in making such judgements, estimates and assumptions, the actual results and outcomes
may differ.

The judgements, estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to
accounting estimates are recognised in the year in which the estimate is revised if, the revision affects only that
year, the year of the revision and future years, or if the revision affects both current and future years. The
Directors do not consider the financial statements to have any matters requiring significant judgement. Critical
estimates are discussed further below.

(a) Estimates

Valuation of fund investments at fair value

Fund investments at fair value consist of investments in private equity and credit funds. The investments are fair
valued using the net asset value of each fund, determined by the Manager. These funds are invested into direct
and indirect equity and debt investments.

Portfolio assets within each fund are stated at fair value as determined in good faith by the Manager in
accordance with the terms of the LPA of each fund and the IPEV Guidelines and are reviewed and approved by:
the relevant Bridgepoint Valuation Committee. The valuations provided by the Managers typically reflect the
fair value of the Group’s proportionate share of capital account balance of each investment as at the reporting
date or the latest available date.

The market approach is typically used for the valuation of the assets. This comprises valuation techniques such
as market comparable companies and multiple techniques. A market comparable approach uses quoted market
prices or third-party quotes for similar instruments to determine the fair value of a financial asset. A multiple
approach can be used in the valuation of less liquid securities, which typically form the majority of assets
within a private equity or credit fund.

Recognition and measurement of carried interest revenue
The Company is an investor in Carried Interest Partnerships (‘CIPs') which entitles it to receipts of carried
interest from funds.

Carried interest revenue is only recognised to the extent it is highly probable that there would not be a
significant reversal of any accumulated revenue recognised on the completion of a fund.

In determining the amount of revenue to be recognised the Group is required to make assumptions and estimates
when determining (i) whether or not revenue should be recognised and (ii) the timing and measurement of such
amounts.

The Group bases its assessment on the best available information pertaining to the funds and the activity of the

underlying assets within that fund. This includes the current fund valuation and internal forecasts on the
expected timing and disposal of fund assets.

Page 19


===== page 21 =====
Bridgepoint Advisers Holdings

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2023

4 Judgements in applying accounting policies and key sources of estimation uncertainty (continued)

Recognition and measurement of carried interest revenue (continued)

For private equity funds, the constraints on estimating the revenue are incorporated through the application of
discounts of 15% to 40% (2022: 30% to 50%) to the unrealised fair values of investments where the cumulative
value of the distributions to investors and unrealised fair value of investments of a fund exceeds the relevant
carried interest hurdle (being the contractual minimum retum for fund investors).

For credit funds, which are more sensitive to the performance of individual investments within the portfolio,
only funds that have either reached their hurdle or are expected to do so imminently are modelled on the same
basis.

The discount applied for each fund depends on the stage and maturity profile of each fund, and therefore
recognises the de-risking of the income over time, taking into account diversity of assets, whether there has been
a recent market correction (and whether this has been already factored into the valuation of the fund) and the
expected average remaining holding period. Reasons for a higher discount may include where the fund has not
yet completed its construction, has not yet returned its original capital commitments and there is the potential for
the hurdle to grow further, or there is a higher level of perceived risk (fund specific or macro-economic).
Reasons for a lower discount include where a fund has returned its capital commitments and the hurdle has
stopped or where the fund has already started to pay carry. The levels of discounts applied are reassessed
annually.

The amount of the adjustments for the current period and each prior period are disclosed within note 11.

5 Operating profit

Arrived at after charging:
2023 2022
£000 £000

Foreign exchange (gains) —_ 93) __29)

Auditors remuneration paid to Mazars for the audit of the Company is £43,750 (2022: £42,140) borne by a
fellow subsidiary undertaking.

6 Employees
The Company did not employ any personnel during the year (2022: none).

7 Directors’ remuneration

None of the Directors received any remuneration directly from the Company during the year (2022: none).
Remuneration received by individual Directors who are employed and paid by another Group entity cannot be
sensibly attributed across the entities for which each Director is a Director of.

Page 20


===== page 22 =====
Bridgepoint Advisers Holdings

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2023

8 Taxation
(a) Tax expense included in the Profit and Loss Account
2023 2022
£000 £000
Current taxation:
UK corporation tax 4,011 8,743
UK corporation tax adjustment to prior periods 674 (191
Total current tax 4,685 7,552
Deferred taxation:
Arising from origination and reversal of timing differences 8,805 1,979
Deferred tax adjustment to prior periods 353, :
Total deferred tax 8,452 1,979
Tax charge on profit 13,137 9,531

(b) Reconciliation of tax charge
The tax on profit before tax for the year is different to the standard rate of corporation tax in the UK for the
year ended 31 December 2023 of 23.5% (2022: 19%).

The differences are reconciled below:

2023 2022

£000 £000
Profit before tax 43,991 59,269
Corporation tax at standard rate in the UK of 23.5% (2022: 19%) 10,338 1,261
Timing differences - 1,979
Expenses not deductible for tax purposes 44 1,165
Income not charged to UK corporation tax 86 (86)
Unrealised fair value movement in respect of investments (1,550) (11,938)
Effect of tax rate changes 447 .
Income allocated by limited partnerships 3,450 8,341
Adjustment in respect of prior years 322 (1,191)

2,799 (1,730)
Total tax charges for the year 13,137 9,531

Page 21


===== page 23 =====
Bridgepoint Advisers Holdings

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2023

9 Investments in subsidiaries

Subsidiary
Undertakings
£000

At 1 January 2022 112,400
Additions 16,000
Disposals (16,180)
At 31 December 2022 112,220
At 1 January 2023 112,220
Additions 2,853
Disposals -
At 31 December 2023 115,073

Investments in subsidiaries are annually assessed for impairment when there are indicators of impairment, no
impairment has been identified.

The Company has investments directly and indirectly in the following subsidiaries:

Company's

Name Ref Principal activity ofownership

interest

101 Investments (GP) Limited 1 General Partner to UK Limited 100%
Partnerships

Atlantic GP 1 Limited 1 General Partner to UK Limited 100%
Partnerships

Atlantic GP 2 Limited 1 General Partner to UK Limited 100%
Partnerships

Atlantic GP LLP 2 General Partner to UK Limited -
Partnerships

BBTPS GP Limited 1 General Partner to UK Limited 100%
Partnerships

BBTPS FP GP Limited 2 Founder Partner to UK Limited ~ 100%
Partnerships

BBTPS Nominees Limited 1 Nominee company 100%

BC II FP Limited 1 Dormant entity 100%

BC II FP SGP Limited 2 Dormant entity 100%

BC GP 1 Limited 1 General Partner to UK Limited 100%
Partnerships

BC GP 2 Limited 1 General Partner to UK Limited 100%
Partnerships

BC II GP LLP 2 General Partner to UK Limited -
Partnerships

BCIIGP LP 2 General Partner to UK Limited :
Partnerships

BCII MLP Limited 1 Managing Limited Partner to UK Limited 100%

Partnerships

Page 22


===== page 24 =====
Bridgepoint Advisers Holdings

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2023

9 Investments in subsidiaries (continued)

Company's

wae we proportion

Name Ref Principal activity of ownership

interest

BC MLP UK Limited 1 Managing Limited Partner to UK Limited 100%
Partnerships

BC SMA Carry GP S.ar.l. 3 General Partner to Luxembourg Limited 100%
Partnerships

BC SMA II Carry GP LLP 2 General Partner to UK Limited -
Partnerships

BC SMA II FP Limited 1 Founder Partner to UK Limited 100%
Partnerships

BCLO Credit Investments I S.a rl. 3 CLO Management Company 100%

BCO II Carry GP LLP 2 General Partner to UK Limited :
Partnerships

BCO III Carry GP LLP 2 General Partner to UK Limited -
Partnerships

BCO IV Carry GP LLP 2 General Partner to UK Limited -
Partnerships

BCO IV FP Limited 1 Founder Partner to UK Limited 100%
Partnerships

BDC GP LP 2 General Partner to UK Limited 100%
Partnerships

BDC II (SGP) Limited 2 General Partner to UK Limited 100%
Partnerships

BDC II FP GP Limited 2 Founder Partner to UK Limited 100%
Partnerships

BDC II GP LP 2 General Partner to UK Limited -
. Partnerships

BDC II Limited 1 Investment holding company 100%

BDC II Nominees Limited 1 Nominee company 100%

BDC III GP 1 Limited 1 General Partner to UK Limited 100%
Partnerships

BDC III GP 2 Limited 1 General Partner to UK Limited 100%
Partnerships

BDC Ill GP LLP 1 General Partner to UK Limited -
Partnerships

BDC III Limited 1 Dormant entity 100%

BDC III Nominees Limited 1 Nominee company 100%

BDC III SFP GP Limited 2 Founder Partner to UK Limited 100%
Partnerships

BDC GP 1 Limited 1 General Partner to UK Limited 100%
Partnerships

BDC IV GP 2 Limited 1 General Partner to UK Limited 100%
Partnerships

BDC IV GP LLP 2 General Partner to UK Limited .
Partnerships

BDC IV GP LP 2 General Partner to UK Limited -
Partnerships

BDC IV Limited 1 Dormant entity 100%

Page 23


===== page 25 =====
Bridgepoint Advisers Holdings

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2023

9 Investments in subsidiaries (continued)

Company's
Name Ref Principal activity Paes
interest
BDC IV MLP Limited 1 Managing Limited! Partner to UK 100%
. Limited Partnerships
BDC IV Nominees Limited 1 Nominee company 100%
BDC IV SFP GP Limited 2 General Partner to UK Founder Partner 100%
BDC Special 1 Limited 2 Dormant entity . 100% *
BDC Special 2 Limited 2 Dormant entity 100%
BDC Special GP LLP 2 Dormant entity -
BDCP II (Nominees) Limited 1 Nominee company 100%
BDCP II GP 1 Limited 1 General Partner to UK Limited 100%
Partnerships
BDCP II GP 2 Limited 1 General Partner to UK Limited 100%
Partnerships
BDCP II GP LLP 2 General Partner to UK Limited -
. Partnerships
BDCP II GP LP 2 General Partner to UK Limited -
Partnerships
BDCP II Limited 1 Investment holding company -
BDCP II MLP Limited 1 Managing Limited Partner to UK Limited 100%
Partnerships
BDCP II SFP GP Limited 2 General Partner to UK Limited 100%
Partnerships
BDL | Carry GP LLP 2 General Partner to UK Limited -
Partnerships
BDL II Carry GP S.ar.1 3 General Partner to Luxembourg Limited 100%
Partnerships
BDL Il Carry GP LLP 2 General Partner to UK Limited ad
Partnerships
BDL Ill FP Limited 1 Founder Partner to UK Limited 100%
Partnerships
BEP IV (Nominees) Limited 1 Nominee company 100%
BEP IV FP Limited 1 Founder Partner to UK Limited 100%
Partnerships .
BEP IV FP SGP Limited 2 General Partner to UK Founder Partner 100%
BEP IV GP 2 Limited 1 General Partner to UK Limited 100%
Partnerships
BEP IV GP LLP 2 General Partner to UK Limited :
Partnerships
BEP IV GP LP 2 General Partner to UK Limited 7
Partnerships
BEP IV MLP Limited 1 Managing Limited Partner to UK Limited 100%
Partnerships
BEV FP Limited 1 Founder Partner to UK Limited 100%
Partnerships
BEV FP SGP Limited 2 General Partner to UK Founder Partner 100%
BEV GP 2 Limited 1 General Partner to UK Limited 100%

Partnerships

Page 24


===== page 26 =====
Bridgepoint Advisers Holdings

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2023

9° Investments in subsidiaries (continued)

Company's

Name Ref Principal activity prpecialeti

interest

BEV GP LLP 1 General Partner to UK Limited 100%
Partnerships

BEV GPC Limited 1 General Partner to UK Limited 100%
Partnerships

BEV Nominees Limited 1 Nominee company 100%

BEV Nominees II Limited 1 Nominee company 100%

BEV MLP Limited 1 Managing Limited Partner. to UK Limited 100%
Partnerships

BE VI FP Limited 1 Founder Partner to UK Limited 100%
Partnerships

BE VI FP SGP Limited 2 General Partner to UK Founder Partner 100%

BE VI GP 2 Limited 1 General Partner to UK Limited 100%
Partnerships

BE VI GP LLP 2 General Partner to UK Limited -
Partnerships

BE VI GP LP 2 General Partner to UK Limited -
Partnerships

BE VI MLP Limited 1 Managing Limited Partner to UK Limited 100%
Partnerships

BE VI Nominees Limited 1 Nominee company 100%

Bridgepoint AB 5 Private equity advisory company 100%

Bridgepoint Advantage Limited 1 Dormant entity 100%

Bridgepoint Advantage MLP Limited 1 Managing Limited Partner to UK Limited 100%
Partnerships

Bridgepoint Advantage FP Limited 1 Founder Partner to UK Limited 100%
Partnerships

Bridgepoint Advantage FP SGP Limited 2 General Partner to UK Founder Partner 100%

Bridgepoint Advantage GP 2 Limited 1 General Partner to UK Limited 100%
Partnerships

Bridgepoint Advantage GP LLP 2 General Partner to UK Limited -
Partnerships

Bridgepoint Advantage GP LP 2 General Partner to UK Limited -
Partnerships

Bridgepoint Advantage Nominees Limited 1 Nominee company 100%

Bridgepoint Advisers Europe Limited 1 Private equity advisory company 100%

Bridgepoint Advisers II Limited 1 Private equity management company 100%

Bridgepoint Advisers Limited 1 Private equity management company 100%

Bridgepoint Advisers UK Limited 1 Private equity advisory company 100%

Bridgepoint Capital (Doolittle) Limited 1 Dormant entity 100%

epoint Capital (Nominees) Limited 1 Nominee company 100%

audi Capital Directorships Limited 1 Dormant entity 100%

Bridgepoint Capital General Partner LP 2 General Partner to UK Limited -
Partnerships

Bridgepoint Capital Scottish GP Limited 2 General Partner to UK Limited 100%
Partnerships

Bridgepoint Capital Partners Limited 1 Dormant entity 100%

Bridgepoint Capital Verwaltungs GmbH 6 General Partner to German Partnerships 100%

Page 25


===== page 27 =====
Bridgepoint Advisers Holdings

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2023

9 Investments in subsidiaries (continued)

Name

Bridgepoint Credit AD GP S.ar.
Bridgepoint Credit BOCPIF GP S.a r.l.
Bridgepoint Credit Carry GP LLP

Bridgepoint Credit Carry LP
Bridgepoint Credit Co-Invest GP S.a r.l.

Bridgepoint Credit Empire GP S.ar.l.

Bridgepoint Credit France SAS

Bridgepoint Credit GP Verwaltungs GmbH

Bridgepoint Credit Holdings Limited
Bridgepoint Credit Limited

Bridgepoint Credit Management Limited
Bridgepoint Credit MSPD GP S.ar.l.

Bridgepoint Credit MPD GP S.ar.l.

Bridgepoint Credit Nominees Limited
Bridgepoint Credit Opportunities II GP
Limited

Bridgepoint Credit Opportunities Il GP LP

Bridgepoint Credit Opportunities ITI GP
Limited

Bridgepoint Credit Opportunities II] GP LP

Ref

2

Bridgepoint Credit Opportunities IV GP S.a 1.3

Bridgepoint Credit Opportunities SICAV GP 3

Sarl.
Bridgepoint Credit Partners Limited
Bridgepoint Credit PPF GP S.ar.l.

Bridgepoint Credit Services S.a rl.
Bridgepoint Credit Advisers UK Limited
Bridgepoint Debt Funding Limited
Bridgepoint Debt Management Limited
Bridgepoint Debt Managers Limited
Bridgepoint Development Capital Limited
Bridgepoint Direct Lending II GP S.ar.l.

Bridgepoint Direct Lending II] GP S.ar.l.

Bridgepoint Europe (SGP) Limited

Principal activity

General Partner to Luxembourg
Partnerships

General Partner to Luxembourg Limited
Partnerships

General Partner to UK Limited
Partnerships

Carry Partnership

General Partner to Luxembourg Limited
Partneships

General Partner to Luxembourg Limited
Partnerships

Credit fund management company
General Partner to German Partnerships
Investment holding company

Credit fund management company
Credit fund management company
General Partner to Luxembourg Limited
Partnerships

General Partner to Luxembourg Limited
Partnerships

Nominee company

General Partner to UK Limited
Partnerships

General Partner to UK Limited
Partnerships

General Partner to UK Limited
Partnerships

General Partner to UK Limited
Partnershiips

General Partner to Luxembourg Limited
Partnerships

General Partner to Luxembourg Limited
Partnerships

Dormant entity

General Partner to Luxembourg Limited
Partnerships

Credit fund advisory company

Credit fund advisory company

Dormant entity

Dormant entity

Dormant entity

Dormant entity

General Partner to Luxembourg Limited
Partnerships

General Partnership to UK Limited
Partnerships

GP to UK Limited Partnerships

Page 26

Company's
proportion
of ownership
interest
100%

100%

100%
100%

100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%

100%

100%
100%

100%

100%
100%

100%
100%

100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%

100%

100%


===== page 28 =====
Bridgepoint Advisers Holdings

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2023

9 Investments in subsidiaries (continued)

Name

Bridgepoint Europe III FP (GP) Limited

Bridgepoint Europe III (GP) Limited
Bridgepoint Europe II] GP LP

Bridgepoint Europe IV (Nominees) | Limited
Bridge; Europe IV (Nominees) Limited
Bridgepoint Europe IV FP (GP) Limited

Bridgepoint Europe IV General Partner LP
Bridgepoint Europe IV General Partner 'F' LP
Bridgepoint Europe Limited

Bridgepoint Europe Managerial LLP
Bridgepoint Europe VII (GP) S.ar.l.
Bridgepoint Europe VII FP Limited
Bridgepoint Europe VII GP 2 Limited
Bridgepoint Europe VII GP LLP

Bridgepoint Europe VII Nominees Limited
Bridgepoint Europe VII MLP Limited

Bridgepoint Finance Limited
Bridgepoint GmbH
Bridgepoint GP2 LLP.

Bridgepoint Growth I GP LLP

Bridgepoint Growth Limited
Bridgepoint Growth Nominees Limited
Bridgepoint Holdings Group Limited
Bridgepoint Holdings Limited
Bridgepoint Infrastructure Advisers Limited
Bridgepoint Infrastructure Development
Limited

Bridgepoint Infrastructure Limited
Bridgepoint International Limited
Bridgepoint Investment Consultants
(Shanghai) Co Ltd

Bridgepoint Loan Fund GP S.ar.1.

Bridgepoint Netherlands BV

Ref

Neene

Principal activity

Founder Partner to UK Limited
Partnerships 7

GP to UK Limited Partnerships
GP to UK Limited Partnerships
Nominee company

Nominee company

Founder Partner to UK Limited
Partnerships

General Partner to UK Limited
Partnerships

General Partner to UK Limited
Partnerships

General Partner to UK Limited
Partnerships

Limited partner to UK Limited
Partnerships
General Partner to Luxembourg Limited
Partnerships

Founder Partner to UK Limited
Partnerships

General Partner to UK Limited
Partnerships

General Partner to UK Limited
Partnerships

Nominee company

Managing Limited Partner to UK Limited
Partnership :
Dormant entity

Privaté equity advisory company
General Partner to UK Limited
Partnerships

General Partner to UK Limited
Partnerships

Dormant entity

Nominee company

Dormant entity

Dormant entity

Dormant entity

Dormant entity

Dormant entity
Dormant entity
Private equity advisory company

General Partner to Luxembourg
Partnerships
Private equity advisory company

. Page 27

Company's
Proportion
of ownership
interest
100%

100%
100%

100%
100%

100%

100%
100%

100%

100%
100%

100%
100%

100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%

100%
100%
100%
100%

100%


===== page 29 =====
Bridgepoint Advisers Holdings

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2023

9 Investments in subsidiaries (continued)

Company's
ee - proportion
Name Ref _ Principal activity of ownership
interest
Bridgepoint Partners Limited 1 Dormant entity 100%
Bridgepoint Private Equity Group Limited 1 GP to UK Limited Partnerships 100%
Bridgepoint Private Equity Limited 1 Dormant entity 100%
Bridgepoint Property Advisers Limited 1 Dormant entity . 100%
Bridgepoint Property Development Limited 1 Dormant entity 100%
Bridgepoint Real Estate Advisers Limited 1 Dormant entity 100%
Bridgepoint Real Estate Development Limited 1 Dormant entity 100%
Bridgepoint Real Estate Limited 1 Dormant entity 100%
Bridgepoint Real Limited 1 Dormant entity 100%
Bridgepoint SA 10 Private equity advisory company 100%
Bridgepoint SAS 7 Private equity advisory company 100%
Bridgepoint Services France SAS 12 Private equity advisory company 100%
Bridgepoint Services Sarl 3 Private equity advisory company 100%
Bridgepoint Sp Zoo (in liquidation) 1 Private equity advisory company 100%
Bridgepoint Sp Zoo sp.k (in liquidation) 1 Private equity advisory company 100%
Bridgepoint Structured Credit Limited 1 Dormant entity 100%
Bridgepoint Ventures Limited 1 Dormant entity 100%
Bridgepoint, LLC (formerly Bridgepoint, Inc.) 14 _ Private equity advisory company 100%
George Town (Nominees) Limited 1 Dormant entity 100%
Horninghaven Limited 1 Dormant entity 100%
Horningway Limited 1 General Partner to UK Limited 100%
Partnerships
HPE II GP LP 2 General Partner to UK Limited -
Partnerships
HPE SGP Limited 2 General Partner to UK Limited 100%
Partnerships
LORAC 5 Limited 1 Investment holding company 100%
LORAC BC Co-Investment Limited 1 Investment holding company 100%
LORAC BC II Limited 1 Investment holding company 100%
LORAC BDC Ill Limited 1 Investment holding company 100%
LORAC BDC IV Limited 1 Investment holding company 100%
LORAC BDC Limited 1 Investment holding company 100%
LORAC BDCP II Limited 1 Investment holding company 100%
LORAC BEP IV Limited 1 Investment holding company 100%
LORAC BE VI Co-Investment Limited 1 Investment holding company 100%
LORAC BG I Limited 1 Investment holding company 100%
LORAC Eagle Limited 1 Investment holding company 100%
LORAC KITE Limited 1 Investment holding company 100%
New HPE II GP LP 2 General Partner to UK Limited 100%
Partnerships
Opal Investments LP 2 Investment holding partnership =
PEPCO Services LLP 1 Collective purchasing negotiator -
Ruby Investments (UK) Limited 1 Investment holding company 100%
Sapphire Investments (Guernsey) Limited 4 Investment holding company 100%
Throttle Nominees Limited 1 Nominee company 100%
BCO IV LORAC Limited 1 Investment holding company 100%
LORAC 6 Limited 1 Investment holding company 100%

Page 28


===== page 30 =====
Bridgepoint Advisers Holdings

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2023

9 Investments in subsidiaries (continued)

Name Ref

LORAC Carry BC SMA II Limited
LORAC Carry BCO IV Limited
LORAC Carry BDL III Limited
BDL III] LORAC Limited

BEV Germany GP Co Limited

BE VII GP SCSp

wae

BG II GP LLP 1
BDC V Nominees Limited 1
Bridgepoint Europe V Finance | Limited 1
Bridgepoint Europe VII FP SGP Limited 2
Bridgepoint Fund Management S.a r.1. 3
Bridgepoint Loan Fund GP GmbH & Co.KG 13
Bridgepoint Europe V Finance GP LLP 1
Bridgepoint Direct Lending IVGP Sarl. 3
Bridgepoint Development Capital V GP S.a r.1.3
Bridgepoint Credit PS GP S.ar.
Bridgepoint Credit CLO GP S.arl.
Bridgepoint Advisers Singapore Pte. Ltd
BE VI Nominees II Limited

BDC V MLP Limited

BDC V GP SCSp

BDC V GP LLP

BDC V GP 2 Limited

Bridgepoint US Holdings Limited

BG II Nominees Limited

ee ee wee ew

Ref Registered office

Company's
on a proportion
Principal activity of ownership
interest
Investment holding company 100%
Investment holding company 100%
Investment holding company 100%
Investment holding company 100%
General Partner 100%
General Partner to UK Limited -
Partnerships
General Partner -
Nominee company 100%
Dormant entity 100%
Dormant entity 100%
Private equity management company -
General Partner -
General Partner -
General Partner 100%
General Partner 100%
General Partner 100%
General Partner 100%
Private equity advisory company 100%
Nominee company 100%
Managing Limited Partner 100%
General Partner -
General Partner :
General Partner 100%
Dormant entity 100%
Nominee compamy 100%

5 Marble Arch, London, W1H 7EJ, United Kingdom

50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh, EH3 9WJ, Scotland, United Kingdom
6B Rue du Fort Niedergriinewald, L-2226, Luxembourg

1 Royal Plaza, Royal Avenue, St Peter Port, GY1 2HL, Guernsey

Nextower, Thum-und-Taxis-Platz 6, 60313 Frankfurt, Germany

21 Avenue Kleber, 75116, Paris, France

1
2
3
4
5 Master Samuelsgatan 1, S-111 44 Stockholm , Sweden
6
7
8

Unit 2103-05, ONE ICC, No 999 Middle Huaihai Road, Shanghai, Xuhui District, China

9 Paulus Potterstraat 22A, 1071 DA, Amsterdam, Netherlands
10 Calle Rafael Calvo, 39A-4° - 28010 Madrid , Spain

11 ul. Rondo ONZ 1, 00-124, Warsaw, Poland

12 21 mue La Pérouse, 75116, Paris, France

C/O Steigmaier Steuerberatungsgesellschaft mbH, Schleissheimer Str. 12, 85221, Dachau,

251 Little Falls Drive, City of Wilmington 19808, County of New Castle

B Germany

14

15 21 rue La Pérouse, 75017, Paris, France
16

10 Anson Road, #22-02, International Plaza, Singapore (079903)

Page 29


===== page 31 =====
Bridgepoint Advisers Holdings

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2023

10 Fund investments

Fund

investments

. £000

At 1 January 2022 229,183
Additions 35,798
Disposals (70,382)
Change in fair value 31,959
Foreign exchange 11,696
At 31 December 2022 238,254
At | January 2023 238,254
Additions 34,307
Disposals (6,492)
Change in fair value 17,622

Foreign exchange (5,191)
At 31 December 2023 — 278,500,

The investments primarily consist of loans or commitments made in relation to the Bridgepoint Europe VII, VI
and V, Bridgepoint Europe Portfolio IV, Bridgepoint Development Capital IV and III private equity funds, and
the Bridgepoint Credit Opportunities IV credit funds.

The Company has an investment in Opal Investments LP, which is an investor in the Bridgepoint Europe V
Fund partnerships. Under the limited partnership agreement, a third party had the right to receive up to 100% of
the profits from the partnership unless the Group exercised an option to trigger up to 85% of the profits of the
partnership from the date of the exercise of the option. Effective 31 December 2020, the option was exercised
therefore 85% of current year and accumulated prior year profits from the partnership have been recognised by
the Company within the profit and loss account as income from investment in limited partnerships. The amount
recognised in the profit and loss account for the current year is loss of £2,519,000 (2022: profit of £1,817,000).

During 2023 the Company invested a further £7,085,000 (2022: £35,940,000) (21.7%) in Maple Tree VIT LP.
Under the limited partnership agreement, third-party investors have the right to receive the higher of a preferred
return and multiple of drawn commitments, along with a share of residual profits from the partnership. As at 31
December 2023, no commitment had been drawn from the third-party investors.

Page 30


===== page 32 =====
Bridgepoint Advisers Holdings

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2023

11 Carried interest receivable

2023 2022

£000 £000
As at | January 39,397 36,977
Additions 7 23
Change in value ° 29,875 22,561
Receipts of carried interest (4,037) (21,242)
Foreign exchange movements (421) 1,078
As at 31 December 64,821 39,397

The Company is entitled to receive carried interest, once triggered, from BEV SFP LP, BEV SFP II LP, BDC III
SFP LP, Bridgepoint Europe IV FP LP, Bridgepoint Capital Delaware General Partner LP, and Bridgepoint
Growth I SFP LP, limited partnerships incorporated and registered in Scotland.

12 Debtors

2023 2022
Amounts due within one year: £000 £000
Amounts owed by group undertakings 114,030 100,275
Other debtors 4,727 56,952
Prepayments and accrued income 144 371

118,901 157,598

Page 31


===== page 33 =====
Bridgepoint Advisers Holdings

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2023

12 Debtors (continued)

Amounts owed by Group undertakings represent short term receivables due from the shareholders and other
Group entities. There is no risk to recoverability. These amounts are unsecured, interest free, have no fixed date
of repayments and are payable on demand.

Other debtors has decreased primarily due to receipt of initial payment of £52.8m (€59.5m) in February 2023 in
relation to the sale of the holding in Bridgepoint Credit II ("BC II") that completed in October 2022.

2023 2022
£000 £000

Amounts due in more than one year:
Other debtors 3,301 3,380

3,301 3,380

In October 2020, the sale of the holding in Bridgepoint Credit I A was completed with an initial payment of
£18.7m (€20.5m) which was received in the same month. A further €3.8m is due to be paid to Bridgepoint
following distributions to the purchasers in excess of a set threshold retum.

13 Creditors: amounts falling due within one year

2023 2022

£000 £000

Amounts owed to group undertakings : 315,376 332,019
Group relief payable 21,426 16,828
Other creditors 308 319
Accruals and deferred income 284 250

337,394 349,416

These amounts are unsecured, interest free, have no fixed date of repayments and are payable on demand.

2023 2022
£000 £000
Due after one year
Other non-current financial liabilities 12,603 12,934

In April 2021, a subsidiary company, Bridgepoint Credit Holdings Limited, issued shares to certain employees
of the Group as part of a management incentive scheme. The shares are subject to a put and call option, whereby
the participating employees have the option to sell and the Company has the option to buy back the shares in the
future based upon a pre-determined formula which considers the amount of funds raised and the resulting
management fees over a five year-period. As at 31 December 2023, no expenses have been incurred (2022: nil).
The change in balance relates to foreign exchange movements.

Page 32


===== page 34 =====
Bridgepoint Advisers Holdings

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2023

14 Financial instruments

Fair value hierarchy
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the measurement date in the principal, or in its absence, the most
advantageous market to which the Company has access to at that date. The fair value of a liability reflects its
non-performance risk.

The Company discloses fair values using the following fair value hierarchy that reflects the significance of the

inputs used in making the measurements:

+ Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;

+ Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included within level | that are observable for assets or liabilities,
either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices); and

+ Level 3: Inputs for assets or liabilities that are not based on observable market data (i.e. unobservable
inputs).

The following table summarises the valuation of the Group’s financial assets and liabilities by fair value
hierarchy:

2023 2022
£000 £000
Financial Assets
Level 1 - -
Level 2 - -
Level 3 . 278,489 237,825

89 _237,825

Financial Liabilities

Level 1 - -
Level 2 - -
Level 3 a

Further disclosure around key estimation uncertainty and valuation techniques surrounding the fair value
measurements of financial instruments are available in note 19 - Fair value measurement within the publicly
available financial statements for Bridgepoint Group ple.

Page 33


===== page 35 =====
Bridgepoint Advisers Holdings

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2023

15 Financial risk management

Market risk
Market risk arises from the Company’s exposure to foreign currencies. The Company is exposed to two types of
foreign exchange risk:

+ Transaction risk: the adverse effect that foreign exchange rate fluctuations can have on a completed
transaction prior to settlement. It is the exchange rate, or currency, risk associated specifically with the time
delay between entering into a trade or contract and then settling it. As the majority of the Company and
Group’s income is denominated in euro, this means that its income when recognised in pound sterling is
subject to exposure to foreign exchange rate movements over time.

+ Translation risk: the risk of adverse changes in the rates at which assets, liabilities, income or costs in foreign
currencies are translated into the reporting currency. The Company holds financial assets and liabilities
denominated in currencies other than pound sterling, the presentational currency of the Company.
Consequently, the Company is exposed to currency risk since the value of financial assets and liabilities
denominated in other currencies will fluctuate due to change in exchange rate.

The Company’s primary exposure to assets and liabilities in foreign currencies is to investments in funds and
carried interest receivable, which are predominantly held in euro. In order to remove the risk of volatility in the
Company’s earings on the translation of assets at each year end, a Group affiliate has entered into a series of
forward trades and swap agreements to sell euro and buy pound sterling at various dates in the future that match
the expected date of receipts from the underlying funds on behalf of the Company.

These hedges are in place to match expected future cash flows, and the Company has decided to use hedge
accounting as allowed and determined under IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”. The hedge ratio is tracked by
comparing the nominal value of outstanding trades to the Group’s total exposure to fund investments and loans
denominated in a foreign currency.

Price and valuation risk

Price and valuation risk is the uncertainty about the difference between the reported value and the price that
could be obtained on exit or maturity of an asset or liability. This principally relates to investments in funds,
which hold portfolios of private equity and debt investments.

This uncertainty arises due to the use of unobservable inputs in the calculation of fair value, the performance
and financial health of portfolio companies and, ultimately - in relation to investments in private equity - what a
third party may be willing to pay for the relevant business. There is less uncertainty for investments in debt as
the upside is capped to the maximum of the principal and interest receipts, whereas private equity investments
have greater potential for larger changes in their valuation as the upside is not capped.

The Group monitors the performance of each investment closely. Portfolio monitoring is embedded and
maintains focus throughout the investment life of each company. All investments are formally reviewed through
dedicated Portfolio Monitoring Committees. The review process involves a rigorous assessment of the
company’s financial performance, financial health (including covenant coverage) and exit prospects. The Group
values all investments in line with the IPEV Guidelines at least twice a year, and in most cases quarterly. Each
investment undergoes the same detailed valuation process, in accordance with the Group’s valuation policies.
Completed valuations are presented and discussed at the relevant Bridgepoint Valuation Committee for
approval.

Page 34


===== page 36 =====
Bridgepoint Advisers Holdings

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2023

15 Financial risk management (continued)

Credit risk

Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty will be unable to meet their obligations in full, when due. Potential
areas of credit risk consist of cash and cash equivalents, including deposits with banks and financial institutions,
short-term receivables and investments, including bonds issued by a subsidiary company. The maximum
exposure to credit risk at the reporting date of these financial assets is their carrying amount. The Company
limits its exposure in relation to cash balances by only dealing with well-established financial institutions of
high quality credit standing.

Liquidity visk

Liquidity risk is the risk that cash may not be available to pay obligations when due. The risk is not considered
to be material as the majority of the balances are held with other Group companies.

16 Called up share capital

Authorised

2023 2022

No. £000 No. £000

Ordinary Shares of £1 each 5,329,000 5,329 5,329,000 5,329
Allotted, called up and fully paid shares

2023 2022

- No. £000 No. £000

Ordinary Shares of £1 each 5,329,000 5,329 5,329,000 5,329

The shares have the rights and restrictions as set out in the Articles of Association of the Company.

17 Dividends
The Company has not paid a dividend in the year (2022: nil).

Page 35


===== page 37 =====
Bridgepoint Advisers Holdings

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2023

18 Parent and ultimate parent undertaking

The Company's immediate parent is Bridgepoint Advisers Group Limited, incorporated in England and Wales,
United Kingdom. The address of Bridgepoint Advisers Group Limited's registered office is 5 Marble Arch,
London, W1H 7EJ.

The parent of the largest and smallest group in which these financial statements are consolidated is Bridgepoint
Group ple, incorporated in England and Wales, United Kingdom. The address of Bridgepoint Group plc's
registered office is 5 Marble Arch, London, W1H 7EJ.

The financial statements of Bridgepoint Advisers Group Limited and Bridgepoint Group plc are available from
Companies House, Crown Way, Cardiff, CF14 3UZ.

19 Events after the end of the reporting period

There have been no material events after the reporting period that would require adjusting or disclosing within
these accounts.

Page 36
