

===== page 1 =====
Company Registration No. 12195470 (England and Wales)

JPSB GROUP LIMITED

UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

PAGES FOR FILING WITH REGISTRAR



===== page 2 =====
JPSB GROUP LIMITED

CONTENTS

Page

Balance sheet 1

Notes to the financial statements. 2-5



===== page 3 =====
JPSB GROUP LIMITED

BALANCE SHEET
AS AT 31 MARCH 2021
2021 2020

Notes: £ gE £ £
Fixed assets
Investments 4 23 -
Current assets
Debtors 5 28,851 -
Creditors: amounts falling due within one
year 6 (13) -
Net current assets. 528,838 -
Net assets 528,861 :
Capital and reserves
Called up share capital 10 -
Profit and loss reserves 528,851 :

Total equity 528,861 -
The directors of the company have elected not to include a copy of the profit and loss account within the financial
statements.

For the financial year ended 31 March 2021 the company was entitled to exemption from audit under section 477 of the
Companies Act 2006 relating to small companies.

The directors acknowledge their responsibilities for complying with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 with
respect to accounting records and the preperation of financial statements.

The members have not required the company to obtain an audit of its financial statements for the year in question in
accordance with section 476.

These financial statements have been prepared and delivered in accordance with the provisions applicable to companies
subject to the small companies regime.

The financial statements were approved by the board of directors and authorised for issue on 11 October 2021 and ere
signed on its behalf by:

Mr KS Bhogal
Director

Company Registration No. 12195470



===== page 4 =====
JPSB GROUP LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

Accounting policies

Company information
JPSB Group Limited is a private company limited by shares incorporated in England and Wales. The registered
office is Dawson House, 5 Jewry Street, London, EC3N 2EX.

Accounting convention

These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with FRS 102 “The Financial Reporting Standard
applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland” (‘FRS 102°) and the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 as
applicable to companies subject to the small companies regime. The disclosure requirements of section 1 of FRS
102 have been applied other than where additional disclosure is required to show a true and fair view.

The financial statements are prepared in sterling, which is the functional currency of the company. Monetary a
mounts in these financial statements are rounded to the nearest £.

The financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, modified to include the
revaluation of freehold properties and to include investment properties and certain financial instruments at fair
value. The principal accounting policies adopted are set out below.

The company has taken advantage of the exemption under section 399 of the Companies Act 2006 not to prepare
consolidated accounts, on the basis that the group of which this is the parent qualifies as a small group. The
financial statements present information about the company as an individual entity and not about its group.

Fixed asset investments

Interests in subsidiaries, associates and jointly controlled entities are initially measured at cost and subsequently
measured at cost lass any accumulated impairment losses. The investments are assessed for impairment at each
reporting date and any impairment losses or reversals of impairment losses are recognised immediately in profit or
loss.

A subsidiary is an entity controlled by the company. Control is the power to gover the financial and oparating
policies of the entity so as to obtain benefits from its activities.

An associate is an entity, being neither a subsidiary nor a joint venture, in which the company holds a long-term
interest and where the company has significant influence. The company considers that it has significant influence
where it has the power to participate in the financial and operating decisions of ths associate

Entities in which the company has a long term interest and shares control under a contractual arrangement are
classified as jointly controlled entities.

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents are basic financial assets and include cash in hand, deposits held at call with banks,
other short-term liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less, and bank overdrafts. Bank
overdrafts are shown within borrowings in current liabilities.



===== page 5 =====
JPSB GROUP LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

Accounting policies (Continued)

Financial instruments
The company has elected to apply the provisions of Section 11 ‘Basic Financial Instruments’ and Section 12 ‘Other
Financial Instruments Issues’ of FRS 102 to all of its financial instruments.

Financial instruments are recognised in the company's balance sheet when the company becomes party to the
contractual provisions of the instrument.

Financial assets and liabilities are offset, with the net amounts presented in the financial statements, when there is
a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or to
realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

Basic financial assets

Basic financial assets, which include debtors and cash and bank balances, are initially measured at transaction
price including transaction costs anc! are subsequently carried at amortised cost using the effective interest method
unless the arrangement constitutes a financing transaction, where the transaction is measured at the present value
of the future receipts discounted al a market rate of interest. Financial assets classified as receivable wilhin one
year are not amortised.

Classification of financial llabilities
Financial liabilities and equity instruments are classified according to the substance of the contractual arrangements
entered into. An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of the company
alter deducting all of its liabilities.

Basic financial liabilities

Basic financial liabilities, including creditors, bank loans, loans from fellow group companies and preference shares
that are classified as debt, are initially recognised at transaction price unless the arrangement constitutes a
financing transaction, where the debt instrument is measured at the present value of the future payments
discounted at a market rate of interest. Financial liabilities classified as payable within one year are not amortised.

Debt instruments are subsequently carried at amortised cost, using the effective interest rate method.

Trade creditors are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary course of
business from suppliers. Amounts payable are classified as current liabilities if payment is due within ane year or
less. If not, they are presented as non-current liabilities. Trade creditors are recognised initially at transaction price
and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method

Equity instruments
Equity instruments issued by the company are recorded at the proceeds received, net of transaction costs.
Dividends payable on equity instruments are recognised as liabilities once they are no longer at the discretion of the
company.

Foreign exchange
Transactions in currencies other than pounds sterling are recorded at the rates of exchange prevailing at the dates
of the transactions. At each reporting end date, monetary assets and liabilities that are denominated in foreign
currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on the reporting end date. Gains and losses arising on translation
in the period are included in profit or loss



===== page 6 =====
JPSB GROUP LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

2 Judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty

In the application of the company’s accounting policies, the directors are required to make judgements, estimates
and assumptions about the carrying amount of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other
sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are
considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates

are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised where the revision affects only that period, or in the
period of the revision and future periods where the revision affects both current and future periods.

3 Employees

The average monthly number of persons (including directors) operating within the company during the year was:

2021 2020
Number Number
Total 2 1
4 Fixed asset investments
2021 2020
£ £
Shares in group undertakings and participating interests 23 -



===== page 7 =====
JPSB GROUP LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

4 Fixed asset investments.

Movements in fixed asset investments

Cost or valuation
AU 1 April 2020
Additions

At 31 March 2021

Carrying amount
At 31 March 2021

At 31 March 2020

(Continued)

Shares in
subsidiaries
£

23

23

23

During the reporting year the company acquired all of the issued share capital of JPSB Limited, a company

registered in England & Wales, under a share for share arrangement.

The company was involved in the formation of CoMig Technology Limited, a company registered in England &

Wales and which JPSB Group Limited holds a controlling interest.

The company was also involved in the formation of JPSB Consulting Limited, being a company registered in

Canada and in which JPSE Group Limited holds a controlling interest.

5 Debtors
Amounts falling due within one year:

Amounts owed by group undertakings

6 Creditors: amounts falling due within one year

Other creditors

7 Related party transactions

2021

528,851

During the year the company provided funding to ils subsidiary companies and at the reporting date the company
was owed balances from JPSB UK Limited of £500,000 (2020; nil) and JPSB Consulting Limited of £26,851

($50,000CAD) (2020:nil),

The Directors did not consider it appropriate to charge interest on the balances, these balances are also considered

to be short term loans that are repayable on demand.



===== page 8 =====
This document was delivered using electronic communications and authenticated in accordance with the
registrar's rules relating to electronic form, authentication and manner of delivery under section 1072 of
the Companies Act 2006.
