

===== page 1 =====
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited

Annual report and financial statements
Registered number 09928343
31 March 2022

wl

6 27/10/2022
COMPANIES HOUSE

init

e


===== page 2 =====
Alpha FMC Bideo Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements

‘31 March 2022

Contents

Company information 2
Strategic report 3
Directors’ report 5
Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the Directors’ report and the financial statements 6
Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha FMC Bidco Limited 7
Profit and loss account 9
Balance shect 10
‘Statement of changes in equity ul
Notes 12

Page I


===== page 3 =====
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Company Information

Directors ENB Fraser
JC Paton
GA Cook (Appointed 30 June 2022)

‘Company number 09928343

Registered office. 60 Gresham Street,
London,
EC2V 7BB

Auditor KPMG LLP
St Nicholas House,
31 Park Row,
Nottingham,
NG16FQ

Banker Lloyds Bank Ple
10 Gresham Street,
London,
EC2V 7AE

Page 2


===== page 4 =====
‘Alpha FMC Bideo Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
‘31 Mareh 2022

Strategic report

Business review

‘The Company functions as en intermediate holding entity within the wider Group!. At31 March 2022 (FY 22") the Company holds net assets of £3,279,000
(FY 21: £682,000). The Company has transferred profits before dividend expense of £11,097,000 (FY 21: £5,372,000) to retained earnings as a result of
intercompany services provided and recharged to Group companies offset by net intercompany dividend income transferred between the Company and the
other Group entities. Further, in the year the Company has recognised an increased level of employee and director bonuses, reflecting an enlarged team
‘headcount and strong performance.

Key performance indicators

Working capital management and the sufficiency of assets held across the Group is the primary indicator which is reviewed on a weekly basis to monitor
cashflow, liquidity and the recovery of trade receivables.

Each month the Directors review the management accounts for each trading Group undertaking and compare actual performance against budget. Costs and
utilisation are also reviewed to monitor profitability.

Principal risks and uncertainties

‘The performance of the Company's subsidiaries is subject to only limited risk in the short and medium term as the future pipeline of work is good. The
‘Company's subsidiaries continue to generate substantial cash after retaining a proportion of profits to fund increased working capital requirements resulting,
from growth. Management is mindful of the challenging macro-economic environment, including inflation and the war in Ukraine, and continues to operate
conservative cash management policies, The Dircctors are pleased with performance for the year.

Future developments
‘The Company is expected to continue to operate as an intermediate holding company for the Group. No other future developments are foreseen by the
Directors at the balance sheet date.

Section 172 statement

Under Section 172(1) of the Companies Act 2006, a director of a company must act in the way he or she considers, in good faith, would be most likely to
promote the success of the Company for the benefit of its members as a whole, and in doing so have regard (amongst other matters) to:

‘+The likely consequence of any decision in the long term;
+ The interests of the Company's employees;

‘+ The need to foster the Company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others;

'* The impact of the Company’s operations on the community and the environment;

‘+ The desirability of the Company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct; and
‘* The need to act fairly as between members of the Company.

1 Grp feta he Compey's mas pro, Alpha Faacel Mae Conuing ple end i eiren,
21 FY 22 he fecal yet covering the 12 ments to 3 Marc 2022 By cmv, FY 21s the previous flac year covering he 12 coi 031 March 2021.

Page 3


===== page 5 =====
‘Alpha FMC Bideo Limited
‘Annual report and financial slatements
31 March 2022

Strategic report (continued)
Section 172 statement (continued)

The following disclosure describes how the Directors have had regard to the matters set out in Section 172(1)(a) to (f) and forms the Directors’ statement
under section 414CZA of the Companies Act 2006. The Company is a holding company and does not have any clients itself, therefore the disclosure below
relates to the Company and its subsidiaries (as listed in note 7 to the financial statements).

‘The Directors remain committed to engaging with all stakcholders and considering their interests when making any strategic decisions.
Engagement with key stakeholders

‘The Board considers its key stakeholders to be its employees, its shareholders, its clients and the communities in which the Company and its subsidiaries
operates. The Board also recognises other stakeholder groups including vendors and suppliers, industry bodies and competitors with whom Alpha works or
associates in the marketplace. The Board understands that engaging with these stakcholders strengthens Alpha’s business relationships and facilitates its
decision making at an executive level, which is very important for its long-term success.

Employees

Attracting, retaining and developing the very best people in the industry is integral to Alpha’s culture and ongoing success. Alpha is committed to providing
ahighly rewarding place to work, and to maintaining a unique and inclusive culture that places people at the heart of the business. To achieve this, there is a
strong emphasis on interaction, open communication and the exchange of proactive insights from the employee base. Employee feedback has always been
significant component of that picture. An inclusive environment for all employees is encouraged through the prevalence of the Diversity & Inclusion
programme, and employees are incentivised to engage further with the wider objectives of the business through a generous profit share scheme, and a share
incentive plan available to senior management.

Clients

‘Alpha’s successful business model is built upon keeping clients’ needs at the core of its proposition, which includes its geographic network, the services it
offers and the types of projects that it delivers. Central to the growth strategy is continuous investment in people, locations and knowledge to help al clients
address their challenges and best capitalise on opportunities. Alpha works hard at developing and sustaining long-term client relationships.

Communities

Alpha is committed to building positive relationships with the communities and environment in which it operates. This includes supporting communities
‘and organisations local and relevant to its operations. It extends to considering how to maximise the benefits and minimise the downsides of its environmental
‘and social impacts.

Please refer to pp 32-34 of the Annual Report & Accounts 2022 of the ultimate parent company, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple, for further details
‘on the above key stakeholders, and the Group's approach to engagement with each class of stakeholder.

Key Director decisions during the year
‘The Directors consider the following to be key decisions and considerations they have made in the year to 31 March 2022.

For further information please refer to p.35 of the Annual Report & Accounts 2022 of the Company's ultimate parent (Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Pic).

Deci ‘onsiderati
issued the FY 21 Annual Report and financial statements to |To ensure compliance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 and the
|sharcholders. lrelevant accounting framework.

[To facilitate the payment of Group dividends to the shareholders of the Company's

[The Board agreed the FY 22 interim dividend payable tothe Companys parent, A ane en aan ae euliog PLC.

|Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Midco 2 Limited.

By order of the Board.

C
}

John C Paton
Director

12 October 2022

Page 4


===== page 6 =====
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Directors' report
‘The Directors present their report and the audited financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022.
Principal activities

‘The principal activity of the Company is that of a holding Company, to which the costs and expenses relating to the central management team of the
‘Company's ultimate parent Company (Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc) are expensed and recharged.

Results and di

jend

‘The results for the year are set out in the attached profit and loss account.

‘An interim dividend in respect of the year ended 31 March 2022 of £8,500,000 (FY 21: £6,000,000) was paid to Alpha FMC Mideo 2 Limited to facilitate
the Group dividend payments made by the Company’s ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, to its shareholders. This dividend was
facilitated by the receipt of dividends of £12,500,000 (FY 21: £6,000,000) from the Company's directly owned subsidiary, Alpha FMC Group Holdings
Limited. The Directors have not recommended the payment of a final dividend (FY 21: Eni).

For further information on the likely future developments of the business, please refer to the strategic report.

Directors

‘The Directors who held office during the year were as follows:
ENB Fraser

JC Paton

GA Cook (appointed 30 June 2022)

Political contributions
The Company made no political donations or incurred any political expenditure during the year.

Employee involvement

Details of how the Company and its subsidiaries engage with employees are set out in the Section 172 statement the Strategic Report on p. 4.
Iti the Alpha's policy to give full and fair consideration to all applications for employment including from disabled people, having regard to their abilities and
‘aptitudes. Full consideration is given to continuing the employment of staff who become disabled, including considering them for other reasonable positions and.
arranging appropriate training where required. Alpha aims to provide an inclusive environment for all employees, regardless of sex, marital status, race,
‘nationality, age, sexual orientation or religion.

Engagement with suppliers and customers
‘The Directors note the importance of fostering strong relationships with the Company's customers and suppliers through open communication and having
regard for these relationships in strategic decisions made relating to the Company and its subsidiaries.

Disclosure of information to auditor
‘The Directors who held office at the date of approval of this Directors’ report confirm that, so far as they are each aware, ther no relevant audit information
of which the Company's auditor is unaware ; and each Director has taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as a Director to make themselves aware
of any relevant audit information and to establish that the Company's auditor is aware of that information,

Auditor
Pursuant to Section 487 of the Companies Act 2006, the auditor will be deemed to be reappointed and KPMG LLP will therefore continue in office.

By order of the Board.

(ua

John C Paton

Director

60 Gresham Street
London EC2V 7BB

12 October 2022

Page 5


===== page 7 =====
‘Alpha FMC Bideo Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the Strategic report, Directors’ report and the
financial statements

‘The directors are responsible for preparing the Strategic Report, the Directors’ Report and the financial statements in accordance with applicable law and
regulations..

Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law they have elected to prepare the financial statements
in accordance with UK accounting standards and applicable law (UK Generally Accepted Accounting Practice), including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure

Framework,

Under company law the directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of
the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for thet period. In preparing these financial statements, the directors are required to:

‘* select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;

‘* make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

‘+ state whether applicable UK accounting standards have been followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements;
‘* assess the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concem; and

‘© use the going concem basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

‘The directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the Company’s transactions and disclose
reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006,
‘They are responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have general responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to them to safeguand the assets ofthe
Company and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.

Page 6


===== page 8 =====
Alpha FMC Bideo Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha FMC Bidco Limited

Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of Alpha FMC Bidco Limited (“the Company”) for the year ended 31 March 2022 which comprise the balance sheet, profit
and loss account, statement of changes in equity and related notes, including the accounting policies in note 1.

In our opinion the financial statements:
. give a true and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs as at 3] March 2022 and of its profit for the year then ended;

. have been properly prepared in accordance with UK accounting standards, including FRS 10] Reduced Disclosure Framework; and
‘* have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and applicable law. Our responsi ties are described a

We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and are independent of the Company in accordance with, UK ethical requirements including the FRC Ethi
Standard. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis for our opinion.

Going concern

‘The directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concem basis as they do not intend to liquidate the Company or to cease its operations, and as they
have concluded that the Company's financial position means that this is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no material uncertainties that could have
cast significant doubt over its ability to continue as a going concem for at least a year from the date of approval of the financial statements (“the going concern period”).

In our evaluation of the directors’ conclusions, we considered the inherent risks to the Company's business model and analysed how those risks might affect the
‘Company’s financial resources or ability to continue operations over the going concem period.

‘Our conclusions based on this work:
‘© we consider that the directors" use of the going concem basis of accounting in the preparation ofthe financial statements is appropriate;

‘+ we have not identified, and concur with the directors’ assessment that there is not, a material uncertainty related to events or conditions that, individually or
collectively, may cast significant doubt on the Company's ability to continue as a going concem for the going concem period.

However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in outcomes that are inconsistent with judgements that were
reasonable at the time they were made, the above conclusions are not a guarantee that the Company will continue in operation.

Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations — ability to detect
Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to fraud

To identify risks of material misstatement due to fraud (“fraud risks") we assessed events or conditions that could indicate an incentive or pressure to commit fraud or
provide an opportunity to commit fraud. Our risk assessment procedures included:

‘+ Enguiring of directors as to the Company's high-level policies and procedures to prevent and detect fraud, as well as whether they have knowledge of any
‘actual, suspected or alleged fraud.

* Reading Board minutes.

‘* Considering remuneration incentive schemes and performance targets for management and Directors.

'* Using analytical procedures to identify any unusual or unexpected relationships.

We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit team and remained alert to any indications of fraud throughout the audit.

As required by auditing standards, we perform procedures to address the risk of management override of controls, in particular the risk that management may be in
‘ position to make inappropriate accounting entries. On this audit we do not believe there is a fraud risk related to revenue recognition beceuse there are no revenue
transactions. We did not identify any additional fraud risks.

We performed procedures including:

‘© Identifying journal entries to test based on risk criteria and comparing the identified entries to supporting documentation. These included unusul p
a credit or debit to an account below EBITDA and unusual journals with a credit or debit entry to cash;

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due fo non-compliance with laws and regulations

We identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the financial statements from our general commercial and
sector experience, end through dteussion with he drectow and other management (0 required by auditing standard), and discussed wi the director and other
the policies and pr regarding compliance with laws and regulations.

‘We communicated identified laws and regulations throughout our team and remained alert to any indications of non-compliance throughout the audit.
‘The potential effect of these laws and regulations on the financial statements varies considerably.

Firstly, the Company is subject to laws and regulations that directly affect the financial statements including financial reporting legislation (including related companies
legislation), distributable profits legislation and taxation legislation, and we assessed the extent of compliance with these laws and regulations as part of our procedures
on the related financial statement items.

‘Secondly, the Company is subject to many other laws and regulations where the consequences of non-compliance could have a material effect on amounts or disclosures
in the financial statements, for instance through the imposition of fines or litigation. We identified the following areas as those most likely to have such an effect:
anti-bribery and employment law recognising the financial nature of the Company's activities. Auditing standards limit the required audit procedures to identify non-
‘compliance with these laws and regulations to enquiry of the directors and other management and inspection of regulatory and legal correspondence, if any. Therefore
‘fa breach of operational regulations is not disclosed to us or evident from relevant correspondence, an audit will not detect that breach.

Context of the ability of the audit to detect fraud or breaches of law or regulation

‘Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an unavoidable risk that we may not have detected some material misstatements in the financial statements, even
‘though we have properly planned and performed our audit in accordance with auditing standards. For example, the further removed non-compliance with laws and
regulations is from the events and transactions reflected in the financial statements, the less likely the inherently limited procedures required by auditing standards
‘would identify

Page 7


===== page 9 =====
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited
Annual report and financial statements
‘31 March 2022

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha FMC Bidco Limited (continued)

In addition, as with any audit, there remained a higher risk of non-detection of fraud, as these may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations,
or the override of internal controls. Our audit procedures are designed to detect material misstatement. We are not responsible for preventing non-compliance or fraud
and cannot be expected to detect non-compliance with all laws and regulations

Strategic report and directors’ report

‘The directors are responsible for the strategic report and the directors report. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover those reports and we do not
express an audit opinion thereon,

Our responsibility is to read the strategic report and the directors’ report and, in doing so, consider whether, based on our financial statements audit work, the
information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with the financial statements or our audit knowledge, Based solely on that work:

© weave not identified material misstatements in the strategic report and the directors’ report;
. in our opinion the information given in those reports for the financial year is consistent with the financial statements; and

* in our opinion those reports have been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception

Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:

+ adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received from branches not visited by us; or
© the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or

. certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or

© we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit

We have nothing to report in these respects.

Director:

esponsibilities
As explained more fully in their statement set out on page 6, the directors are responsible for: the preparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied that
they give a true and fair view; such intemal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material

‘misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, assessing the Company's ability to continue as a going concer, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concer;
and using the going concer basis of accounting unless they cither intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities

ur objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error,
and to issue our opinion in an auditor's report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but does not guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial statements.

‘A filler description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC’s website at www.fre.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities.
The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities

This report is made solely to the Company's members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been
undertaken so that we might state to the Company's members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no other purpose. To the
fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the Company's members, as a body, for our audit
work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

ax

Craig Parkin (Senior Statutory Auditor)
for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
Chartered Accountants

St Nicholas House,

31 Park Row

Nottingham NG1 6FQ

13 October 2022

Page 8


===== page 10 =====
Profit & loss account
Sor the year ended 31 March 2022

Note
Administrative expenses 234
Other operating income 5
Operating loss
Interest payable and similar expenses 6
Income from shares in Group undertakings 7
Profit before taxation
Toxation 8

Profit for the financial year

‘Alpha FMC Bidco Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022

Year ended Year ended
31 March 31 March,
2022 2021
£000 £000
(12,166) 113)
10,589 6,530
as77 (583)

7 (72)
12,500 6,000
10,923 5345
14 7
11,097 3372

In both the current and preceding year, the Company made no acquisitions and had no discontinued operations.
‘There were no recognised gains or losses in either the current or preceding year other than those disclosed in the profit and loss account, and therefore no separate

statement of other comprehensive income has been presented.
‘The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements,

Page 9


===== page 11 =====
Balance sheet
As at 31 March 2022

Non-current assets
Investments

‘Tangble fixed assets

‘Amounts owed by Group undertakings

Current assets
Debtors

Deferred tax asset
Corporation tax

Cash at bank and in hand

Current liabilities
Creditors: amount falling due within one year
Provisions

Deferred tax lability

‘Net current Unbilittes

‘Total assets less current linilies

Non-curreat Habilitles
‘Creditors: amount fling due after one year

Net assets

Capital and reserves
Called up share capital
Share premium eccount
Profit and loss account

‘Shareholders’ funds

Note

B

16

Ast
‘31 March 2022

£000
17378
a
71,960
149,415
13,931
5
123
14,059
as7.847)
(1,803)
i)
(159,654)
(145,595)
3,820
wan)
3379
20
1322
1,937
3279

Alpha FMC Bidco Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Asat
31 March 2021
£000 £000

77,318
45
58,626

136,049
7,408
3

4B
153

7612

(142,962)

(142,962)
135,350)

9

an

682

1,322
(660)

682

‘The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements. These financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors,
‘on 12 October 2022. They were signed on its behalf by:

{ut

John C Paton
Director

Company registered number: 09928343

Page 10


===== page 12 =====
Statement of changes in equity

‘Asat1 Apeit 2020

Total comprehensive Income for the period
Profit for the period

‘Transactions with owners
Dividends
‘Asat 31 March 2021

‘Total comprehensive income for the perfod
Profit for the period

‘Transactions with owners
Dividends

As at 31 March 2022

‘The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.

Alpha FMC Bidco Limited

‘Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022

Called up Total
share Profit end Shareholders’
capital Joss account funds
‘£000 +2000 £000
20 4,322 @2) 1,310

7 - $37 san

: - (6,000) (6,000)
20 1,322 (660) 682

a - 11,097 11,097

- - (8,500) (6,500)
20 1322 1,937 3,279

Page 11


===== page 13 =====
Alpha FMC Bidco Lis

‘Annual report and financial statements
‘31 March 2022

Notes
(Forming part of the financial statements)
1 Accounting policies
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited (the “Company") is a Company limited by shares, domi
and the registered address is 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB.
‘These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework ("FRS 101").

led and registered in the UK. The registered number is 09928343

‘The Company is exempt by virtue of Section 400 of the Companies Act 2006 from the requirement to prepare Group financial statements. These financial
statements present information sbout the Company as an individual and not about its Group.

In preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement and disclosure requirements of International Financial Reporting
Standards ("Adopted IFRSs"), but makes amendments where necessary in order to comply with Companies Act 2006 and has set out below where
advantage of the FRS 101 disclosure exemptions has been taken. -
The Company's parent undertaking, Alpha Financial M Consulting Plc, includes the Company in its consolidated financial statements. The
consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc are available to the public and may be obtained from 60 Gresham Street,
London, EC2V 7BB, or the wet investors.alphafme.com,

In these financial statements, the Company has applied the exemptions available under FRS 101 in respect of the following disclosures:

. Accash flow statement and related notes;

© comparative period reconciliations for share capital, tangible fixed assets, intangible assets and investment properties ;
disclosures in respect of transactions with wholly owned subsidiaries;

«disclosures in respect of capital management;

the effects of new but not yet effective IFRS;

© disclosures in respect of the compensation of Key Management Personnel; and

© disclosures of transactions with a management entity that provides key management personnel services to the Company.

‘As the consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc include the equivalent disclosures, the Company has also taken
the exemptions under FRS 101 available in respect of the following disclosures:

IFRS 2 Share Based Payments in respect of Group settled share based payments; and
‘© Certain disclosures required by IFRS. 16 Leases in relation to disclosure of the Company's leasing activities.
‘= Certain disclosures required by IFRS 3 Business Combinations in respect of business combinations undertaken by the Company.

‘The accounting policies set out below have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods presented in these financial statements.

1 Basis of preparation
‘These financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost basis, except for certain financial instruments that are measured at fair value. There
‘are no judgement s made by the Directors, in the application of these accounting policies that have significant effect on the financial statements and estimates
with a significant risk of material adjustment in the next year.

12 Going concern

In assessing the Company's ability to continue on a going concer basis for a period of at least 12 months from the approval of these financial statements
(the “going concem period”), the Directors considered the Company's projected cash flows, access to intercompany funding from other Group entities,
cash liquidity and existing undrawn borrowing facilities,

Notwithstanding net current liabilities of £145,595,000 as at 31 March 2022, the financial statements of this holding company have been prepared on a
going concer basis. The Directors consider this to be appropriate on the basis of cash flow forecasts prepared for the wider Group, which support the
ability of the Company to operate as a going concern. The Group prepared cash flow forecests covering the going concem period. The Directors of the
Group considered the principal risks and mitigants and analysed a range of cash flow downside scenarios including a “reverse-stress test” scenario. This
models the dectine in seles that the Group would be able to absorb over the going concern period before utilising all of the existing cash reserves available.
‘The Directors consider this scenario and the sequence of events that could tead to it to be remote, as it requires annualised revenue reductions of close to
40% compared to the base case, before modelling any mitigating actions, including cost reductions. Refer to p 136 of the Group’s ‘Annual Report &
‘Accounts 2022’ for further detail of these forecasts.

‘The ability of the Company to settle its liabilities as they fall due within the going concer period is dependent on the Company's ultimate parent company,
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc not seeking repayment of the amounts currently due to other companies controlled by the Group, which at 31
March 2022 amounted to £153,689,000. The Company also has access to additional funding through other Group entities, via the Group's revolving credit
facility and the strength of the Group's cash position at 31 March 2022. The Group's RCF remains fully undrawn in the going concem scenarios. As with
any company placing reliance on other group entities for financial suppor, the Directors acknowledge that there can be no certainty that this support will
continue although, at the date of approval of these financial statements, they have no reason to believe that it will not do so.

After careful consideration, the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company's existing resources, supplemented by the support of the wider
Group, are adequate to meet its requirements over the going concem period, On this basis, the Directors consider that it is appropriate to adopt the going
‘concem basis in preparing the financial statements.

13 Foreign currency

‘Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the Company's functional currencies at the foreign exchange rate ruling at the date of the transaction. Monetary
assets jes s denominated in foreign currencies at the balance sheet date are retranslated to the functional currency at the foreign exchange rate ruling at
that date. Non-monetary assets and Liabilities s that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rate at the date
of the transaction. Non-monetary assets and liabilities s denominated in foreign currencies that are stated at fair Value are retranslated to the functional currency at
foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates the fair value was determined. Foreign exchange differences arising on translation are recognised in the profit and loss.

Page 12


===== page 14 =====
‘Alpha FMC Bidco Limited

‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Notes (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)

14 Financial instruments
‘The Company uses financial instruments comprising cash and cash equivalents, preference shares, loan notes and other short-term instruments,
such as trade payables that arise from its operations. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to fund the Group's business strategy
and working capital requirements.

Accounting policies in respect of financial instruments are outlined below.

Financial assets

Financial assets are initially measured at fair value plus or minus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction
costs, The Company has not reclassified any financial assets subsequent to initial recognition as at the balance sheet date. Reclassification of classes
of financial assets is accounted for prospectively in accordance with IFRS 9, where this is required. Any difference on reclassification from amortised
cost to fair value through profit or loss is recognised in the profit and loss at the reclassification date.

Financial assets are assessed at cach reporting date to determine a lifetime expected credit loss that reflects the credit risk associated with the portfolio
‘of assets. A financial asset is impaired in line with the simplified approach under IFRS 9 which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance.

An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured at amortised cost is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the
resent value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the asset's original effective interest rate. For financial instruments measured at cost less
impairment, impairment is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the best estimate of the amount that the Company would
receive for the asset if it were to be sold at the reporting date. Interest on the impairment asset continues to be recognised through the unwinding of

the discount. Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. When a subsequent event causes the amount of the impairment to decrease, the
decrease in impairment loss is reversed through statement of comprehensive income.

Amounts owed by Group undertakings

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less provision for impairment.
A provision for impairment of intercompany receivables is established using an expected credit loss model. The Group classifies all intercompany
receivables that form a part of the normal trading oycle of the Group as current, as well as non-trading balances where the counterparty has sufficient
resources to settle the balance within a twelve month period from the balance sheet date. All other amounts owed by Group undertakings are considered
as non-current assets. This represents a change in accounting policy in the year. All balances were considered current in the comparative period.

Cash and cash equivalents

‘Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and call deposits and are recorded and subsequently measured at amortised cost in line with IFRS 9.
Financial Liabilities

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities designated upon initial
recognition as at fair value through profit or loss. Financial Liabilities arc classified as held for trading if they arc acquired for the purpose of selling
in the near term. This category includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Company that are not designated as hedging instruments
in hedge relationships as defined by IFRS 9. As at 31 March 2022 the Company had no such financial Liabilities.

Amounts owed to Group undertakings
Amounts owed by group undertakings are recognised initi

ly at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost.

Other creditors
Other creditors are recognised initially at fair value. Subsequent to initi
method.

recognition they are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest

Investments in subsidiaries

Investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost less any provision for impairment. The Company monitor for indicators of impairment at each reporting period,
and a full impairment assessment is performed on an annual basis.

‘The Directors have deemed that no impairment was required in both the current and prior ycars.

Interest-bearing borrowings
Interest-bearing borrowings are recognised initially at fair value less attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, interest-bearing,
borrowings are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less any impairment losses.

LS Tangible fixed assets
Tangible fixed assets are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.

Depreciation is charged to the profit and loss account on a straight-Line basis over the estimated useful lives of each part of an item of tangible fixed assets.
Land is not depreciated. The estimated useful lives are as follows:

Computer equipment 3 years straight line

Fixtures, fittings and equipment 4 years straight line

Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual valucs are reviewed at each balance sheet date.

Page 13


===== page 15 =====
Alpha FMC Bideo Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
Notes (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

16 Impairment (non-financial assets)

‘The carrying amounts of the entity's non-financial assets, other than deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether there
is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the assets’ recoverable amount is estimated. The recoverable amount of an asset or
cash-generating unit is the grester of its value in use and its fair value, less costs to sell In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are
discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific
to the asset.

For the purposes of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates
independent cash inflows (the “cash-generating unit"); that is, cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other
assets or groups of assets.

‘An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable amount, Impairment losses are
recognised in profit or loss. Impairment losses recognised in respect of CG Us arc allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated
to the units and, then to reduce the carrying amounts of other assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro-rata basis.

‘An impairment loss is reversed if and only if the reasons for the impairment have ceased to apply.

Impairment losses recognised in prior period s are assessed at each reporting date for any indication that the loss has decreased or no longer exists. An
impairment loss is only reversed to the extent that the asset's carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount thet would have been determined,
net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

17 Employee benefits

Defined contribution plans

A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which the Company pays fixed contributions into a separate entity and will have
‘a legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts. Contributions to defined contribution schemes are charged to the statement of comprehensive
income as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the scheme. Differences between contributions payable in the year and contributions
paid are shown as either accruals or pre-payments in the statement of financial position.

Share-based payments
‘The cost of share-based employee compensation arrangements, whereby employees receive remuneration in the form of shares or share options, is
recognised as an employce benefit expense in the statement of profit or loss.

‘The total expense to be apportioned over the vesting period of the benefit is determined by reference to the fair value (excluding the effect of non-
market-based vesting conditions) at the date of grant.

In determining the fair value of share-based payments under IFRS 2, management has considered a number of intemal and external factors in order to
judge the probability that management and employee share incentives may vest. Such judgements involve estimating future performance and other non
market-based factors.

At the end of each reporting period the assumptions underlying the number of awards expected to vest are adjusted for the effects of non-market-based
vesting conditions to reflect the conditions prevailing at that date. The impact of any revisions to the original estimates is recognised in the statement
of profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to equity. Fair value is measured by the use of a binomial model. The assumptions have been adjusted,
based on management's best estimate, for the effects of non-transferability, lack of dividend until vesting and exercise restrictions.

‘The fair value calculations have been externally assessed as reasonable in the circumstances.

Regarding the share-based payments charge relating to employees of the Company, there is an intra-group recharge arrangement with the Company's
ultimate parent undertaking, to reflect the benefits received by the respective entity in relation to employees granted share options.

The Company is considered to be the receiving entity in the arrangement, in line with the benefit received for services provided through ongoing
employment. The Company's ultimate parent undertaking is deemed to be the settling entity in the intra-Group arrangement, as share options granted
are in relation to ordinary shares of the parent, and recognises the share-based payments charge for the full Group in other reserves.

‘Amounts relating to employees who provide services directly to the Company are recorded within the profit and loss account in the form of a
management recharge.

‘The Company's management and employees have access to an equity settled share-based payment arrangement for new employees which forms a part
of the wider schemes offered across the Alpha Group, which are settled in Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc shares. The Company offers two
distinct schemes, the ‘Management Incentive Plan' (MIP) and the ‘Employee Incentive Plan’ (EIP). These are described below.

The Management Incentive Plan ("MIP")

‘The Company has a management incentive plan (“MIP") to retain and incentivise the directors and senior management. The MIP consists of four parts:
part A of which will enable the granting of enterprise management incentive and non-tax advantaged options to acquire shares; part B of which will
enable the awarding of JSOPs; part C of which will enable the awarding of restricted stock units (“RSUs”) for participants in the US; and Part D of
which will enable the awarding of RSUs in France (together the “options”).

Options granted up to FY 20 to certain directors and senior management of the Group were subject to the fulfilment of two or more of the following,
performance conditions: (a) « specific business unit’s budgetary EBITDA, or other personal targets and goals; (b) the Group achieving @ total
shareholder return for the 3 years from the year of award in excess of the average total shareholder return of a peer group of comparable companies;
and (¢) the Group achieving at least 10% EPS growth against the comparative financial year.

As disclosed last year, responding to the impact of COVID-19, options granted to senior management in FY 21 were subject to more flexible
performance criteria, including local budget targets and a variety of stretching personal sales or other targets. FY 21 awards made to Executive
Directors, as in prior years, were also subject to the Group achieving a total shareholder return (“TSR™) in excess of the average total shareholder return
of a peer group of comparable companies, for a period of 3 years from the year of grant.

Page 14


===== page 16 =====
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements

‘31 Maren 2022
Notes (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)
17 Employee Benefits (continued)

‘This year, the Group Remuneration Committee has retumed to a more standard approach in setting the FY 22 award criteria. The criteria for FY 22
share incentive awards to the Executive Directors and senior management of the Company, depending on the individual and their role, include: (a) the
Group achieving adjusted EPS growth of 15% or more to trigger a maximum award, or 10% to trigger a 66% award, with a linear application of awards
between these levels; (b) the Group achieving a TSR over three years in excess of the mean TSR delivered by a peer group of comparable companies;
(©) personal adherence to corporate values and risk policy; and (4) specific business unit EBITDA, or other personal targets and goals.

MIP awards have either nominal or minimal exercise price payable in order to acquire shares pursuant to options. MIP awards have either 3- or 4-year
vesting periods from the date of grant and can be equity settled only.

The Employee Incentive Plan ("EIP")

Under the EIP, a broad base of the Group's employees have been granted share options or share awards over a small number of Alpha Financial
Markets Consulting Plc shares. The EIP has been structured as is most appropriate under the local tax, legal and regulatory rules.

Further disclosure of these schemes is provided within the Group's consolidated 2021 Annual Report & Accounts, and the share-based payment arrangement
concerns equity instruments of the Company's ultimate parent company, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, and therefore the Directors have applied
disclosure exemptions for the subsidiary accounts as permitted under FRS 101.

18 Provisions

Provisions are distinct from other liabilities as there is uncertainty over the timing or amount of the cash outflow required to settle the liability.
Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditure expected to be required to settle the obligation. These are discounted to present value
using an appropriate pre-tax discount rate, where the time value of money is material. Refer to note 14 for detail of classes of provisions and further
detail on material assumptions.

19 Taxation

Taxation expense on the result for the period comprises current and deferred tax. Current and deferred tax is recognised in the consolidated statement
‘of comprehensive income, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in equity, in which case it is recognised in equity.

‘Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income for the period, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the
balance sheet date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous periods.

Deferred tax is provided using the balance sheet liability method, providing for temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. The amount of deferred tax provided is based on the expected
manner of realisation or settlement of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities s, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the balance
sheet date.

‘The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it isno longer probable that sufficient
taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered. Deferred tax assets and Liabilities are offset when there is a legally
enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities, and when they relate to taxes levied by the same taxation authority and
the Company intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

110 Dividends

Dividend income
Dividend income is recognised in the profit and loss account on the date the entity's right to receive the dividend is established.

Dividend expense
Dividend expenses are recognised in the statement of changes in equity on the date the entity's right to pay the dividend is established.

Lu Transfer of liabilities to provisions

During the year, the Directors have re-assessed the appropriateness of the Company's presentation of certain liabilities in the statement of financial
position. This has resulted in the re-presentation in the year of a balance of £1.4m from the Company's trade and other payables and into provisions,
a new liability category. This is deemed to provide further detail and relevant understanding of the Company's exposure to potential future cash
outflows that involve estimation at the balance sheet date and contain uncertainty around future timing or amount. This change is presentational and
has no impact on the Company's statement of comprehensive income or the Company's net assets in cither the current or comparative period.
Comparatives have not been restated as this presentational change is not considered to have a material effect on the statement of financial position
in the comparative period. The impact of the change in the prior year is summarised below:

+ A transfer into current provisions of £1.4m; and;
+A transfer from trade and other payables of £1.4m,

Refer to the “provisions” section above for the Company’s accounting policy on provisions, and to note 13 for further detail on the Group's
provisions,

112 New accounting standards and interpretations
‘The following changes in accounting policies were applied by the Company in these financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022. These
included the adoption of new standards and interpretations described below.

‘The International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) have issued the following standards, amendments
and interpretations which arc now effective:

‘* Interest Rate Benchmark Reform — Phase 2 - (Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16), effective from 1 January
2021;

© COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021 (Amendment to IFRS 16), effective from 1 January 2021;

‘The Directors reviewed the nature and effect of these new standards on the Company and noted no material impact on the financial statements for the
year ended 31 March 2022.

Page 15


===== page 17 =====
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited
‘Anoual report and financial statements

‘31 March 2022
Notes (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)
LI2 New accounting standards and interpretations (continued)

‘The Directors have considered new standards and interpretation s that have been issued but not yet been effective, however have applied the exemption
not to disclose this information under FRS 101.

2 Auditor's remuneration
‘Auditor's remuneration:

FY22 FY2I
£000 £000
‘Audit ofthese financial statements 26 1s

Amounts receivable by the Company's auditor and its associates in respect of services to the Company and its associates, other than the audit of the Company's
financial statements, have not been disclosed as the information is required instead to be disclosed on a consolidated basis in the consolidated financial statements
of the Company's parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple.

3 Staff numbers and costs
‘The average number of persons employed by the Company (including Directors) during the year, analysed by category, was as follows:
Number of emptoyees
FY2 FY21
Administrative . a 29
Sales 2 2
4“ 31
‘The aggregate payroll costs of these persons were as follows:
rR FY21
£000 £000
‘Woges and salaries 543, 3,445,
Social security costs 387 383
Contributions to defined contribution plans 187 2
6457 3,901

At the year-end, 144,034 (FY 21: 152,447) share options in Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, the parent company, remained outstanding to the Company's
management and employees, and no share options vested in the year. The Company has incurred a credit to the profit & loss account in FY 21 of £218,293 (FY 21:
charge of £39,837) relating to these schemes. The weighted average remaining contractual period to vest for outstanding share options is 2 years. All share options
‘outstanding at the year-end date have a nominal exercise price.

4 Directors remuneration

“The Directors of the Company are paid out of other entities within the Group. The Directors believe that the value of their services in respect of the Company, in
both the current and prior periods, were negligible and therefore, have not been disclosed.

5 ‘Other operating income
FR FY21
£000 £000
Group recharges 10,589 6,530
6 Interest payable and similar expenses
FR FY21
£000 £000
Interest on benk loans : n
7 Income from shares in Group undertakings
rR Fy21
£000 £000
Dividend income 12,500 6,000

Page 16


===== page 18 =====
Alpha FMC Bideo Limited
‘Anoual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
Notes (continued)
8 Taxation
Recognised in the profit and loss account
rR FY2
£000 £000 £000 £000
Current tax
Gurren tax on income forthe period -
Group roi receivable «st -
‘Adjustmeats in respect of prior periods : aa
Total curent tx ast) (a8)
Deferred tax (see note 16)
Origination and reversal of timing differences 0 ‘
Effect of tax rte change on opening balance o -
‘Adjustments i respect of prior periods @ 15
7 a
any en
Reconciliation of effective tax rate
rv? FY21
£000 £000
Profit for the year 11,097 5372
‘Tolal tax expense/(income) 74) @n
Profit exchuding taxation 10,923 5345
‘Taxusing the UK corporation tax rte of 19% (FY 21: 19%) 2,075 1,016
Fixed asset diference o :
‘Reduction in tax rte on deferred tax balances : :
‘Aajustments in respect of prior periods - @®
‘Adjustments in respect of prior periods (deferred tax) @ 15
Income not taxable fr tax purposes 375) 140)
Nor-deductibe expenses 132 -
Group relief surrendered 181 130
Receipt for group relief as) :
otal tax expense(income) a7 en

‘An increase in the UK corporation tax rate from 19% to 25% (effective | April 2023) was substantively enacted on 24 May 2021. This change would increase the
‘Company's future tax result accordingly.

On 23 September 2022, the UK Government announced revised plans to hold the rate of UK corporation tax at 19%, cancelling the previous plans to increase the
tate to 25% from | April 2023. This revised plan has not yet been substantively enacted and has no impact on the current or deferred tax charge in the year ended
‘31 March 2022.

Page 17


===== page 19 =====
Notes (continued)

9 Fixed asset investments

‘At31 March 2022 & 31 March 2021

Subsidiary undertakings
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
Alpha FMC Group Nominees Limited
Alpha FMC Group Limited

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Group Limited

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK
Alpha Technology Services Consulting
Limited

Alpha Data Solutions Limited’

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting, Inc.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting

SAS.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
(Insurance) $.A.S.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
(Luxembourg) S.A.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Netherlands B.V.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Switzerland S.A.

Track Two GmbH

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting

‘Singapore Pte. Ltd.
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting

Hong Kong Limited
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Australia PTY Limited

Axxsys Limited

Azsys Financial Software Consulting
Canada Limited

Azasys Consulting USA Inc

‘Axxsys Danmark ApS
Obsidian Solutions Limited

Alpha Technology Services Consulting
SAS.

Obsidian Alpha Data Solutions LLC
Alpha FM Consulting Canada Inc.
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Lionpoint Holdings, Inc.

Lionpoint Group, LLC.
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Lionpoint Group SA.

Lionpoint Group Pty Limited
Lionpoint GmbH

Country of

Incorporation

Luxembourg
Netherlands
Switzerland
Germany
Singapore
Hong Kong
Australia
UK
Canada

USA

Denmark
UK

France

Serbia

Canada
France

USA

USA
UK
Switzerland
Australia
Germany

Registered
address

1
1
1

1

Principal acti
Intermediate holding company
Group services

Intermediate holding company

Intermediate holding company
Consultancy services

Dormant
‘Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services

Consultancy services

Consultancy services
Consultancy services

Consultancy services

Consultancy services

Consultancy services
Consultancy services

Consultancy services

Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services

Page 18

‘Alpha FMC Bidco Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022

Shares in

Group undertakings

£000

n3%
Class and Class and
percentage of _ percentage of
shares held - shares held -
31 March 2022 31 March 2021
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary ‘100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary —-100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary ‘100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary ‘100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary ‘100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary ‘100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary N/A
100% ordinary N/A
100% ordinary NA
100% ordinary NIA
100% ordinary N/A
100% ordinary NA
100% ordinary NIA


===== page 20 =====
‘Alpha FMC Bidco Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
‘31 March 2022

Notes (continued)

9 Fixed asset investments (continued)

Notes:
1. 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB
2. 12 East 49th Street, New York, NY 10017, United States of America
3. 6 Square de L'Opera Louis Jouvet, 75009 Paris, France
4. 19/21 Route d'Arlon - bloc B, L-8009 Strassen, Luxembourg
5. Spaces Zuidas, Barbara Strozzilaan 101, 1083 HIN, Amsterdam, The Netherlands
6. Bleicherweg 10, 8002 Zurich, Switzerland
7. Kurt- Blaum- Platz 8 63450 Hanau, Germany
8. 3A Conway Circle, Singapore 558288
9. 22/F., Neich Tower, 128 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong
10, 383-385 George Street, Sydney NSW 2000, Australia
. New Broad Street House, 35 New Broad Street, London, EC2M 1NH
12, 1800-13401 108th Aveue, Surrey, British Columbia V3T ST3, Canada
13. Incorp Services, Inc., One Commerce Center, 1201 Orange Street #600, Wilmington, Delaware 19899, United States of America
14, Flaesketorvet 68, DK-1711 Copenhagen, V Denmark
15. Belgrade, Serbia at Bulevar kralja Aleksandra no.52
16, Suite 1700, Park Plae, 666 Burrard Street, Vancouver, BC V6C2X8, Canada
17. 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, DE 19808-1674, United States of America
18. 8 The Green, Suite A, Dover, Delaware 19901, United States of America
19, 5 Upper St. Martin's Lane, London WC2H 9EA
20, Rue d'ltalie 11, 1204 Geneva, Switzerland
21. Ground Floor, 123 Walker Street, North Sydney NSW 2060, Australia
22, clo KUNZ Rechisanwalte, AntoniterstraBe 14-16, Kéln, 50667, Germany

| Alpha Data Solutions Limited changed to Aiviq Limited afer 31 March 2022.

Page 19


===== page 21 =====
Notes (continued)

10 ‘Tangible fixed assets

Cost
Balance at 1 April 2021
Additions

Disposats

Balance at 31 March 2022

Depreciation and impairment
Balance at 1 April 2021
Depreciation charge for the year
Disposals

Balance at 31 March 2022

Net book vatue
‘At31. March 2022

‘ALI April2021

" Debtors

‘Amounts owed by Group undertakings
Other debtors
Prepayments and accrued income

Alpha FMC Bidco Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022

Computer Fixtures & Total
equipment ‘fieangs

£000 £000 £000

384 1 385

6 - 66

20 1 a

G10) - @10)

@3) (O) co)

643) a ow

n . n

“4 T crs

rR FY21

‘£000 £000

13,120 6935

‘310 145

‘01 328

13,931 7,408

The Directors are satisfied that all outstanding amounts from subsidiary group undertakings are recoverable. Expected credit loss in relation to amounts owed by

Group undertakings was immaterial in both the current and prior years.

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are interest free and are repayable on demand. The Company classifies all intercompany receivables that form a part of the
normal trading cycle of the Company as current, as well as non-trading balances where the counterparty has sufficient resources to settle the balance within a twelve-
month period from the balance sheet date. All other amounts owed by Group undertakings are considered as non-current assets. Of a total of £85,080,000 (FY 21:
£65,561,000) of amounts owed by Group undertakings, the Company recognised £71,960,000 (FY 21: £58,626,000) within non-current assets and £13,120,000 (FY

21: £6,935,000) within current assets.

n Cash and cash equivalents

‘Cash and cash equivalents

Closing balance

B Creditors: amounts falling due within one year

‘Trade creditors
Amounts owed to Group undertakings
Other creditors

Accruals

Social security ex on share options

rn

FY2I

153

153

FY21
£000
207
138,446
> "600

3,709

142,982

Amounts owed (o Group undertakings are either interest-bearing or non-interest-bearing depending on the type of the creditor relationship and local regulatory
requirements. At the balance sheet date the majority of these balances are non interest-bearing. All amounts owed to Group undertakings are repayable on demand.

Page 20


===== page 22 =====
Alpha FMC Bideo Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
Notes (continued)
14 Provisions
Social security Legal and other Total
tax provisions provisions
£000 000 £000
Balance at 1 April 2021 : i i
‘Transfers from trade and other payables 1,400 : 1,400
‘Additional provisions made inthe year : 403 403
Balance as at 31 March 2022 700 403, 7,803

‘The carrying value of the provisions disclosed above is a reasonable approximation of their fair value. Social security tax provisions comprises an existing

£1.4m (FY21: £1.4m) provision relating to historic pre-AIM admission potential tax treatments. These were reported in the prior year within creditors falling
‘due within one year.

The Company has also recognised several additional provisions in the year totalling £0.4m (FY2l: £nil) relating to various ongoing legal claims, representing
the most probable outcome at the balance sheet date.

Whilst a range of outcomes is possible, these total potential liabilities could reasonably range between £1.2m and £2.4m.

18 Interest bearing loans and borrowings
wn Fy 21
£000 £000
Interest bearing lons und borrowings : 7

As at 31 March 2022, the Company no longer has a bank facility, At the start of the comparative period, the Company held a £5.0m committed RCF facility with
Lloyds Bank plc. This RCF was fully drawn in the first half of the comparative period and was repaid in full on 14 October 2020.

16 Deferred tex liabilities
Recognised deferred tax assetsMiabilities
Deferred tx lates are attributable to the following:
Assets Liabilities Net
FYR Fy2 re2 Fy2 ry2 FY21
£000 £000 000 £000 2000 £000
‘Accelerated capital allowances : : 7 - 7 -
Short-term timing differences O) } : ~ @ @)
[Net tmx (assets)/nbilties ® ey 1 - 4 Oy)

‘The Company has no unrecognised tax losses in addition to the deferred tax assets above (FY 21: £nil).
An increase in the UK corporation tax rate from 19% to 25% (effective 1 April 2023) was substantively enacted during the year on 24 May 2021. This rate has been
reflected in the calculation of deferred tax assets and liabilities as at 31 March 2022.

‘On 23 September 2022, the UK Government announced revised plans to hold the rate of UK. corporation tax at 19%, cancelling the previous plans to increase the
rate to 25% from 1 April 2023. This revised plan has not yet been substantively enacted and has no impact on the current or deferred tax charge in the year ended
31 March 2022.

”7 Creditors: amounts falling due after more than one year
FY22 FY21
2000 £000
Aceruats 489 7
Social security tax on share options 2 ”
ED 7

Amounts classified as non-current liabilite

‘n both the current and prior year relate to social security tax due on the Group's share option schemes.

18 Capital and reserves
‘Share capital
Fy FY21
£000 £000
Altoted, called up and fully paid
20,000 ordinary shares of £1 each 20 20
20 20

‘The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at mectings of the Company.

‘Share premium account
“The balance classified as share premium of £1,322,000 relates to the aggregate net proceeds less the nominal value of the Company's issued share capital

Page 21



===== page 23 =====
Alpha FMC Bidco ited
‘Annuel report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Notes (continued)

18 Capital and reserves (continued)

Dividend
‘An interim dividend in respect of the year ended 31 March 2022 of £8,500,000 (FY 21: £6,000,000) was paid to Alpha FMC Midco 2 Limited to facilitate the
Group dividend payments made by the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, to its shareholders. This dividend was facilitated
by the receipt of dividends of £12,500,000 (£6,000,000) from the Company’s directly owned subsidiary, Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited. The Directors
have not recommended the payment of a final dividend (FY 21: £nil).

19 Related parties
Identity of related parties with which the Company has transacted

‘The Company has not engaged in any transactions with any related parties other than with wholly owned subsidiaries. These transactions have not been
disclosed as the Company hes taken advantage of exemptions under FRS101.

20 Ultimate parent company and parent company of larger Group

‘The Company is a subsidiary undertaking of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, incorporated in England and Wales. The ultimate controlling party is
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple.

Both the largest and smallest Group in which the results of the Company are consolidated is that headed by Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, incorporated
in England and Wales. The consolidated financial statements of the Group are available to the public and may be obtained from 60 Gresham Street, London,
EC2V 7BB, or the website investors.alphafme.com.

Page 22
