

===== page 1 =====
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited

Annual report and financial statements
Registered number 09928343
31 March 2024

INI

ui

A30 19/12/2024
COMPANIES HOUSE

THURSDAY


===== page 2 =====
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Contents

Company information 2
Strategic report 3
Directors’ report 6
Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the strategic report, Directors’ report and the

financial statements 8
Independent auditor's report to the members of Alpha FMC Bidco Limited 9
Profit and loss account 12
Balance sheet 13
Statement of changes in equity 14
Notes to the financial statements 15

Page 1


===== page 3 =====
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Company information

Directors JC Paton

GA Cook
Company number 09928343
Registered office 60 Gresham Street

London

EC2V 7BB

United Kingdom

Auditor KPMG LLP
EastWest
Tollhouse Hill
Nottingham
NG1 5FS
United Kingdom

Banker Lloyds Bank pic
25 Gresham Street
London
EC2V 7HN
United Kingdom

Page 2


===== page 4 =====
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Strategic report
Business review

The Company functions as an intermediate holding entity and provider of group management services within
the Alpha Group’. As at 31 March 2024 (FY 24?), the Company holds net assets of £2,494,000 (FY 23:
£5,051,000). The Company's profit for the year was £84,905,000 (FY 23: £20,466,000), derived from
intercompany services provided and recharged to Group companies and distributions received from the
Company's subsidiaries. During the year, an interim dividend in respect of the year ended 31 March 2024 of
£22,000,000 (FY 23: £18,800,000) was paid to Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc, with an additional
£133.5m of distributions in specie made to the parent company, arising from an exercise undertaken to simplify
the Group holding company structure in October 2023. See note 10 to the financial statements for further
details. The dividend. paid in the year was facilitated by the receipt of a dividend of £22.0m from the Company's
directly owned subsidiary, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited.

Key performance indicators

Working capital management and the sufficiency of assets held by the Company's subsidiaries is a key
indicator that is reviewed on a regular basis to monitor cash flow, liquidity and the recovery of trade receivables.
The Company itself has a strong balance sheet with net assets of £2,494,000 (FY 23: £5,051,000).

Each month the Directors review the management accounts for each of the Company's subsidiaries and
compare actual performance against budget. Costs and utilisation are also reviewed to monitor profitability.

Principal risks and uncertainties
The principal risks and uncertainties faced by the Company are outlined below:

¢ Macro — risk that wider market, economic, commercial and financial risks can impact the Company's ability
to service clients, their demand for consultancy and technology services and, therefore, the Company's
‘own performance and financial position.

* Geopolitical — risk that extemal events and crises can bring significant uncertainty, volatility, and fragility
to geopolitics and markets, which can impact both the Company's operating model, employees and ability
to deliver on its strategic objectives.

« Business strategy — risk that the Company responds inadequately to changing market factors and/or
opportunities, including technological advancements and disruptors. The success of the Company's
‘strategy depends on anticipating changes and developing a proposition that best serves its clients.

* Data security - risk of cyber attacks, security breaches and data mishandling, leading to consequent risks
to client data, loss of integrity or availability of core data.

« Acquisition and integration — risk of failure of the Company to select, complete and integrate businesses.
that contribute positively to the business model and growth strategy.

* People — risk of failure to attract, incentivise and retain the best people with the right capabilities across all
propositions, levels and geographies. A failure to undertake effective succession planning for key roles
could also adversely increase this risk and impact performance.

* Quality of service — risk of failure to maintain quality of service on client delivery engagements.

s

+ Competitors — risk that a competitor or new entrant may be able to achieve success and win work from
the Company's existing clients. Less mature or more specialist propositions, which the Company chooses
to develop, may present less of a competitive advantage.

« Regulatory environment — risk that the Company does not successfully identify, address and/ or meet
forthcoming regulation, or that the business model and strategy are materially impacted by legal and
regulatory changes that restrict the service offering or access to key markets.

Further information on how the Company manages and mitigates these principal risks and uncertainties, is
included on pp 57-60 of the Annual Report & Accounts 2024 of the ultimate parent company, Alpha Financial
Markets Consulting plc.

* Group refers to the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting pic, and its subsidiaries.
? FY 24 is the financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2024. By comparison, FY 23 is the previous financial year covering the 12 months to
31 March 2023,

Page 3


===== page 5 =====
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Strategic report (continued)

Future developments

After the balance sheet date, in August 2024, the Company's ultimate parent company, Alpha Financial Markets
Consulting plc, was acquired by Actium Bidco (UK) Limited. Following this acquisition, it is intended that Actium
Bidco (UK) Limited will become the primary provider of management services to the new group. Therefore,
over time, the Company's trade in respect of management services will transition to Actium Bidco (UK) Limited.
The Company will continue to operate as an intermediate holding company for the Group thereafter. No other
future developments are foreseen by the Directors at the balance sheet date. Further details on events after
the reporting period are disclosed in note 20 to the financial statements.

Section 172 statement

Under Section 172(1) of the Companies Act 2006, a director of a company must act in the way he or she
considers, in good faith, would be most likely to promote the success of the Company for the benefit of its
members as a whole, and in doing so have regard (amongst other matters) to:

¢ the likely consequence of any decision in the long term;

« the interests of the Company's employees;

« the need to foster the Company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others;

« — the impact of the Company's operations on the community and the environment;

« the desirability of the Company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct; and

« — the need to act fairly as between members of the Company.
The following disclosure describes how the Directors have had regard to the matters set out in Section 172(1)(a)
to (f) and forms the Directors’ statement under Section 414CZA of the Companies Act 2006. The Company is a
holding company and does not have any clients itself, therefore the disclosure below relates to the Company and
its subsidiaries (as listed in note 10 to the financial statements).
The Directors remain committed to engaging with all stakeholders and considering their interests when making
any strategic decisions.

Engagement with key stakeholders

The Board considers its key stakeholders to be its employees, clients and the communities in which the Company
and its subsidiaries operate. The Board also recognises other stakeholder groups including vendors and
suppliers, industry bodies and competitors with which Alpha works or associates in the marketplace. Engaging
effectively with these stakeholders strengthens Alpha's business relationships and decision and therefore
supports its long-term success.

Employees

Attracting, retaining and developing the best talent is essential to Alpha's business success. Alpha is committed
to providing a highly rewarding workplace, and to maintaining a strong, meritocratic and inclusive culture that
recognises the importance of our people and encourages open communication.

Clients

The success of the Company and its subsidiaries is based on delivering a proposition that helps its clients
address their challenges and capitalise on their opportunities. Alpha works hard at developing and sustaining
long-term client relationships, which it supports through its global team of consultants and by extending the range
of services it offers and the types of projects it carries out.

Communities

Alpha is a growing, profitable business, committed to fostering the same growth and success within the
communities in which it operates. As part of this engagement, the Company also considers its corporate
responsibility and how to maximise the positive environmental and social impacts of its activities, and to minimise
the downsides, giving a solid baseline for developing relevant action plans and targets.

Please refer to pp 34-35 of the Annual Report & Accounts 2024 of the ultimate parent company, Alpha Financial
Markets Consulting plc, for further details on the above key stakeholders, and the Group's approach to
engagement with each class of stakeholder.

Page 4


===== page 6 =====
‘
Strategic report (continued)
Key Board decisions during the year

Alpha FMC Bidco Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

The Directors consider the following to be the key decisions and considerations they have made in the year to

31 March 2024:

Decision
issued the FY 23 Annual Report and
financial statements to shareholders.

Considerations

[To ensure compliance with the requirements of the
Companies Act 2006 and the relevant accounting
\framework.

|The Board agreed to undertake transactions to
simplify the holding company structure within
|the Alpha Group, see note 10 to the financial
statements for further details.

[To simplify the holding company structure within the
Alpha Group.

|The Board agreed the FY 24 interim dividend
payable to the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha
Financial Markets Consulting Plc.

[To facilitate the payment of Group dividends to the|
shareholders of the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha]
[Financial Markets Consulting pic.

By order of the Board.

feeg tole
Greg A Cook

Director

17 December 2024

Page 5


===== page 7 =====
Alpha FMC Bideo Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Directors’ report
The Directors present their report and the audited financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2024.

Principal acti
The principal activities of the Company are to hold investments in subsidiaries in Alpha Group companies and
the provision of group management services to Alpha Group companies.

ies

Results and dividend

The results for the year are set out in the Strategic Report on p. 3 and in the profit and loss account on p. 12.
The Directors consider the current state of affairs of the Company to be satisfactory. An interim dividend of
£22.0m (FY23: £18.8m) and £133.5m of distributions in specie were paid during the year.

The Directors have not recommended the payment of a final dividend (FY 23: £nil).
Directors
The Directors who held office during the year and at the date of this report were as follows:

JC Paton
GA Cook

Political contributions
The Company made no political donations or incurred any political expenditure during the year (FY 23: Enil).

Employee involvement

Details of how the Company and its subsidiaries engage with employees are set out in the Section 172 statement
of the strategic report on p. 4.

Alpha is a Disability Confident Employer. It is Alpha's policy to give full and fair consideration to all applications
for employment including from disabled people, having regard to their abilities and aptitudes. Full consideration
is given to continuing the employment of staff who become disabled, including considering them for other
reasonable positions and arranging appropriate training where required. Alpha aims to provide an inclusive
environment for all employees, regardless of sex, marital status, race, nationality, age, sexual orientation or
religion.

Engagement with suppliers and customers

The Directors note the importance of fostering strong relationships with customers and suppliers through open
communication and having regard for these relationships in strategic decisions made relating to the Company
and its subsidiaries.

_ Environmental reporting
In accordance with the Companies Act 2006 and HM Government's ‘Environmental Reporting Guidelines’, the
Company has not repeated those disclosures required in relation to the Company's environmental reporting
responsibilities (including Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting) on the basis that this information is
included on pp 46-51 of the Group's Annual Report & Accounts 2024, which are available on the Group's
website.

Disclosure of information to auditor

The Directors who held office at the date of approval of this Directors’ report confirm that, so far as they are
each aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the Company's auditor is unaware, and each
Director has taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as a Director to make themselves aware of any
relevant audit information and to establish that the Company's auditor is aware of that information.

Page 6


===== page 8 =====
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Directors’ report (continued)

Auditor
Pursuant to Section 487 of the Companies Act 2006, the auditor will be deemed to be reappointed and KPMG
LLP will therefore continue in office.

By order of the Board.

jean

Greg A Cook
Director

60 Gresham Street
London

EC2V 7BB

United Kingdom

17 December 2024

Page 7


===== page 9 =====
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the Strategic report, Directors’
report and the financial statements

The directors are responsible for preparing the Strategic Report, the Directors’ Report and the financial
statements in accordance with applicable law and regulations.

Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law they
have elected to prepare the financial statements in accordance with UK accounting standards and applicable
law (UK Generally Accepted Accounting Practice), including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework.

Under company law the directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they
give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for that
period.In preparing these financial statements, the directors are required to:

* select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;
« make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

«state whether applicable UK accounting standards have been followed, subject to any material departures
disclosed and explained in the financial statements;

* assess the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
concem; and

* use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the
Company's transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company
and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They are
responsible for such intemal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have general responsibility
for taking such steps as are reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the Company and to prevent and
detect fraud and other irregularities.

Page 8


===== page 10 =====
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha FMC Bidco Limited

Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of Alpha FMC Bidco Limited (“the Company”) for the year ended 31 March
2024 which comprise the balance sheet, profit and loss account, statement of changes in equity and related notes,
including the accounting policies in note 1

In our opinion the financial statements:

* give a true and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs as at 31 March 2024 and of its profit for the year
then ended;

* have been properly prepared in accordance with UK accounting standards, including FRS 101 Reduced
Disclosure Framework; and

* have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.
Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)") and applicable
law. Our responsibilities are described below. We have fulfilled our ethical responsi Ss under, and are independent
of the Company in accordance with, UK ethical requirements including the FRC Ethical Standard. We believe that
the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis for our opinion.

Going concern

The directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concern basis as they do not intend to liquidate the
Company or to cease its operations, and as they have concluded that the Company's financial position means that
this is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no material uncertainties that could have cast significant
doubt over its ability to continue as a going concern for at least a year from the date of approval of the financial
statements (‘the going concern period”).

In our evaluation of the directors’ conclusions, we considered the inherent risks to the Company's business model
and analysed how those risks might affect the Company's financial resources or ability to continue operations over
the going concern period.

Our conclusions based on this work:

* we consider that the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial
statements is appropriate;

* we have not identified, and concur with the directors’ assessment that there is not, a material uncertainty related
to events or conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the Company's ability to
continue as a going concern for the going concern period.

However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in outcomes
that are inconsistent with judgements that were reasonable at the time they were made, the above conclusions are
not a guarantee that the Company will continue in operation.

Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations — ability to detect
Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to fraud

To identify risks of material misstatement due to fraud (“fraud risks") we assessed events or conditions that could
indicate an incentive or pressure to commit fraud or provide an opportunity to commit fraud. Our risk assessment
procedures included:

« — Enquiring of directors as to the Company's high-level policies and procedures to prevent and detect fraud, as
well as whether they have knowledge of any actual, suspected or alleged fraud.

* Reading Board minutes.
« Considering remuneration incentive schemes and performance targets for management and Directors.
« — Using analytical procedures to identify any unusua! or unexpected relationships.

We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit team and remained alert to any indications of fraud
throughout the audit.

As required by auditing standards, we perform procedures to address the risk of management override of controls, in
particular the risk that management may be in a position to make inappropriate accounting entries. On this audit we
do not believe there is a fraud risk related to revenue recognition because there are no revenue transactions.

Page 9


===== page 11 =====
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha FMC Bidco Limited (continued)

We did not identify any additional fraud risks. We performed procedures including:

« — Identifying journal entries to test based on risk criteria and comparing the identified entries to supporting
documentation. These included unusual pairings with a credit or debit to an account below EBITDA, unusual
journals with a credit or debit entry to cash.

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to non-compliance with laws and regulations

We identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the financial
statements from our general commercial and sector experience, and through discussion with the directors and other
management (as required by auditing standards), and discussed with the directors and other management the policies
and procedures regarding compliance with laws and regulations.

We communicated identified laws and regulations throughout our team and remained alert to any indications of non-
compliance throughout the audit.

The potential effect of these laws and regulations on the financial statements varies considerably.

Firstly, the Company is subject to laws and regulations that directly affect the financial statements including financial
reporting legislation (including related companies legislation), distributable profits legislation and taxation legislation,
and we assessed the extent of compliance with these laws and regulations as part of our procedures on the related
financial statement items.

Secondly, the Company is subject to many other laws and regulations where the consequences of non-compliance
could have a material effect on amounts or disclosures in the financial statements, for instance through the imposition
of fines or litigation. We identified the following areas as those most likely to have such an effect: anti-bribery and
employment law recognising the financial nature of the Company's activities. Auditing standards limit the required
audit procedures to identify non-compliance with these laws and regulations to enquiry of the directors and other
management and inspection of regulatory and legal correspondence, if any. Therefore if a breach of operational
regulations is not disclosed to us or evident from relevant correspondence, an audit will not detect that breach.

Context of the ability of the audit to detect fraud or breaches of law or regulation

Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an unavoidable risk that we may not have detected some material
misstatements in the financial statements, even though we have properly planned and performed our audit in
accordance with auditing standards. For example, the further removed non-compliance with laws and regulations is
from the events and transactions reflected in the financial statements, the less likely the inherently limited procedures
required by auditing standards would identify.

In addition, as with any audit, there remained a higher risk of non-detection of fraud, as these may involve collusion,
forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal controls. Our audit procedures are
designed to detect material misstatement. We are not responsible for preventing non-compliance or fraud and cannot
be expected to detect non-compliance with all laws and regulations.

Strategic report and directors’ report

The directors are responsible for the strategic report and the directors’ report. Our opinion on the financial statements
does not cover those reports and we do not express an audit opinion thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the strategic report and the directors’ report and, in doing so, consider whether, based on
our financial statements audit work, the information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with the financial
statements or our audit knowledge. Based solely on that work:

« we have not identified material misstatements in the strategic report and the directors’ report;

« in our opinion the information given in those reports for the financial year is consistent with the financial
statements; and

« — in our opinion those reports have been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006.
Matters on which we are required to report by exception
Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:

« adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received from
branches not visited by us; or

* the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or
« certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or

* we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit

We have nothing to report in these respects.

Page 10


===== page 12 =====
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha FMC Bidco Limited (continued)

ities

Directors’ respon:

As explained more fully in their statement set out on p. 8, the directors are responsible for: the preparation of the
financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view; such internal control as they determine
is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due
to fraud or error; assessing the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters
related to going concern; and using the going concem basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the
Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue our opinion in an auditor's report. Reasonable
assurance is a high level of assurance, but does not guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK)
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial statements.

A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC's website at www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities.

The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities

This report is made solely to the Company's members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the
Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the Company's members those
matters we are required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted
by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the Company's members,
as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Ao

Craig Parkin (Senior Statutory Auditor)

for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
Chartered Accountants

East West,

Tollhouse Hill

Nottingham NG1 5FS.

17 December 2024

Page 11


===== page 13 =====
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited

Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Profit and loss account
for the year ended 31 March 2024

Year ended Year ended

Noto 31 March 31 March

2026 2023

£000 £000

‘Administration expenses 234 (18,506) (14,287)
‘Other operating income 5 18.064 15,092
Operating (lossy/profit (422) 825
Finance oxpense 6 : O)
Income from shares in Group undertakings 7 85,265 19,800
Profit foro taxation 84823 20816
Taxation 8 a (150)
84905 20486

Profit for the yoar

In both the current and preceding year, the Company made no acquisitions. No discontinued operations have been
presented in these financial statements.

There was no other comprehensive income in either the current or preceding year and therefore no separate statement
of other comprehensive income has been presented.

The accompanying notes form part of these financial statement

Page 12


===== page 14 =====
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited

Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Balance sheet
as at 31 March 2024

Noto feat feat
34 March 2024 31 March 2023
£000 £000 000 * £000
Non-curront assots
investments 10 33753 77378
Property plant and equipment " “7 %
Amounts owed by Grovp undertakings 2 59.210 81883
93,030 189317
Current assets
Trade and oer recehables asst 29.825
Defered tax asset 9 3 187
Corporation tax . 2
Gashet bank and in hand 8 1.988 2256
ze27 31.280
Current tiabilties
Trade and other payables “ (118,755) (163,950)
Provbions 6 (1585) (1.565)
Corporation tax : -
(120:320) (185515)
Not current tabttios (20,493) (158225)
Totalassets less cuent tities 2537 5002
Noncurrent abilities
‘Other non-curent abies 6 co) «)
Not assots 244 5051
Capital and reserves
issued chore capital 7 - 20
‘Share premium 1322
Other reserves as 108
Retained earings 2409 3603
Total shareholders’ equity 2496 5051

The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.

These financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 17 December
2024. They were signed on its behalf by:

fogs

Greg A Cook
Director

Company registered number: 09928343

Page 13


===== page 15 =====
Statement of changes in equity
for the year ended 31 March 2024

‘As at 1 April 2022

Total comprehensive income for the period
Profitfor the year

Transactions with owners
Dividends

Current tax recognised in equity
Deferred tax recognised in equity

‘As at 31 March 2023

Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit for the year

Transactions with owners
Shares issued
Dividends
Distributions in specie made to parent company
Capital reduction
_ Current tax recognised in equity
Deferred tax recognised in equity

‘As at 31 March 2024

The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.

Alpha FMC Bidco Limited

Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Total

Issued share Share Other Retained shareholders’
capital Premium reserves earnings equity

€000 £000 £000 £000 £000

20 1,322 - 1,937 3,279

- - - 20,466 20,466

- - (18,800) (18,800)

- - 7 7

: : 89 - 89

20 1,322 106 3,603 5,051

- - - 84,905 84,905
68,077 - - : 68,077
- - - (22,000) (22,000)
(133,518) (133,518)
(68,097) (1,322) - 69,419 -
- : 4 - 4

7 - (25) 7 (25)

- - 85 2,409 2,494

Page 14


===== page 16 =====
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited

Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements
(forming part of the financial statements)
1 Accounting policies

General information

Alpha FMC Bidco Limited (the "Company") is a Company limited by shares, domiciled and registered in the
UK. The registered number is 09928343 and the registered address is 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V
7BB, United Kingdom.

These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced
Disclosure Framework (“FRS 101”).

Basis of preparation

In preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement and disclosure
requirements of International Financial Reporting Standards (“Adopted IFRSs”), but makes amendments where
necessary in order to comply with Companies Act 2006 and has set out below where advantage of the FRS 101
disclosure exemptions has been taken.

The Company's ultimate parent undertaking, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc, includes the Company in
its consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets
Consulting plc are available to the public and may be obtained from 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB or
‘on the website at alphafmc.com/investors.

In these financial statements, the Company has applied the exemptions available under FRS 101 in respect of
the following disclosures:

*  Acash flow statement and related notes;

« Comparative period reconciliations for share capital, tangible fixed assets, intangible assets and
investment properties;
Disclosures in respect of transactions with wholly owned subsidiaries;
Disclosures in respect of capital management;
The effects of new but not yet effective IFRS;
The requirements of paragraphs 17 and 18A of IAS 24 Related Party Disclosures; and
The requirements in IAS 24 to disclose related party transactions entered into between two or more
members of a group, provided that any subsidiary which is a party to the transaction is wholly owned
by such a member.

ec cee

As the consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc include the equivalent
disclosures, the Company has also taken the exemptions under FRS 101 available in respect of the following
disclosures:

e IFRS 2 Share-based Payment in respect of Group settled share-based payments;
Certain disclosures required by IFRS 16 Leases in relation to disclosure of the Company's teasing
activities; and
*¢ The requirements of IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures.
The accounting policies set out below have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all
periods presented in these financial statements.

In applying the Company's accounting policies, the Directors have not made any judgements that have a
significant effect on the financial statements. There are no major sources of estimation uncertainty at the end
of the reporting period that have a significant risk of resulting in a material adjustment to the carrying amounts
of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

These financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, except for certain financial
instruments that are measured at fair value.

The presentational currency of these financial statements and the functional currency of the Company is pounds
sterling. All amounts in these financial statements have been rounded to the nearest £1,000, unless stated
otherwise.

Going concern

In assessing the Company's ability to continue on a going concern basis for a period of at least 12 months from
the approval of these financial statements (the “going concem period’), the Directors considered the Company's
projected cash flows, access to intercompany funding from other Group entities, cash liquidity and existing
borrowing facilities.

Page 15


===== page 17 =====
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited

Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
1° Accounting policies (continued)
Going concern (continued)

Notwithstanding net current liabilities of £90,493,000 as at 31 March 2024, the financial statements have been
prepared on a going concern basis. The Directors consider this to be appropriate on the basis of cash flow
forecasts prepared for the wider Group, which support the ability of the Company to operate as a going concern.
The Group prepared cash flow forecasts covering the going concern period, which have been revised to reflect
the acquisition of the Group by Actium Bidco (UK) Limited after the reporting date, as disclosed in note 20,
including the restructuring of the Group's financing arrangements through the going concer period. The
Directors of the Group considered the principal risks and mitigants and analysed a base case, reflecting the
Group's board approved budget for the going concem period, as well as a reasonably possible downside
scenario. This downside scenario models a 20% reduction in Group forecast revenue with some limited cost
mitigants applied. These modelled mitigants consist of a hiring freeze alongside a partial reduction in the
Group's discretionary profit share bonus payment budgeted for the FY 25 performance year, with the Group's
underlying cost base unaffected. In this reasonable downside scenario, the Group has relied upon access to
funding of up to £10.0m from the Group's available £50.0m RCF through the going concem period. No covenant
breaches have been identified in either scenario.

The Directors consider this reasonably possible scenario and the sequence of events that could lead to it to be
unlikely. There remains headroom on the Group's RCF to facilitate further liquidity, as well as scope for further
mitigating cost actions to be taken on the underlying cost base, if required.

The ability of the Company to settle its liabilities as they fall due within the going concem period is dependent
‘on the Company's ultimate parent company not seeking repayment of the amounts currently due to other
companies controlled by the Group, which at 31 March 2024 amounted to £114,364,000. The Company also
has access to additional funding through other Group entities, via the Group's revolving credit facility (“RCF”)
of £50.0m. As with any company placing reliance on other group entities for financial support, the Directors
acknowedge that there can be no certainty that this support will continue although, at the date of approval of
these financial statements, they have no reason to believe that it will not do so.

After careful consideration, the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company's existing resources,
supplemented by the support of the wider Group, are adequate to meet its requirements over the going concern
period. On this basis, the Directors consider that it is appropriate to adopt the going concern basis in preparing
the financial statements

Principal accounting policies

Significant judgements and estimates

The preparation of financial information in accordance with IFRS requires management to make judgements,
estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and reported amounts of assets
and liabilities, income and expenses.

The Directors have made no judgements, excluding those involving estimations, in the process of applying the
Company's accounting policies that are considered to have a significant effect on the amounts recognised in
the financial statements for the year ending 31 March 2024.There are also no major sources of estimation
uncertainty at the end of the reporting period that have a significant risk of resulting in a material adjustment to
the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

Property, plant and equipment

All property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost (or deemed historical cost) less accumulated
depreciation. Cost includes the original purchase price of the asset and the costs attributable to bringing the
asset to its working condition for its intended use.

Depreciation is provided on all property, plant and equipment at rates calculated to write each asset down to its
estimated residual value on a straight-line basis at the following annual rates:

Computer equipment 3 years
Fixtures and fittings 3-4 years
Useful economic lives and estimated residual values are reviewed annually and adjusted as appropriate.

Page 16


===== page 18 =====
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited

Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)

Foreign currency

Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the Company's functional currency at the average foreign
exchange rate in the month of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies
at the balance sheet date are retranslated to the functional currency at the foreign exchange rate ruling at that
date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are
translated using the average exchange rate in the month of the transaction and are not retranslated. Foreign
exchange differences arising on translation to functional currency are recognised in administration expenses.

Financial instruments
The Company uses financial instruments comprising cash and cash equivalents and other short-term

instruments. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to fund the Company's business strategy and
working capital requirements.

Accounting policies in respect of financial instruments are outlined below.

Financial assets

Financial assets are initially measured at fair value plus or minus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair
value through profit or loss, transaction costs. The Company has not reclassified any financial assets
subsequent to initial recognition as at the balance sheet date. Reclassification of classes of financial assets is
accounted for prospectively in accordance with IFRS 9, where this is required. Any difference on reclassification
from amortised cost to fair value through profit or loss is recognised in the profit and loss at the reclassification
date.

The Company recognises an expected credit loss provision in relation to financial assets. The simplified method
is applied to the Company's trade receivables as described below. The Company's expected credit loss
provision on all other financial assets is immaterial as the probability of default is low. Movements in the
expected credit loss provision are recognised in profit or loss.

Amounts owed by Group undertakings

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at
amortised cost, less provision for impairment. A provision for impairment of intercompany receivables is
established using an expected credit loss mode!. The Company classifies amounts owed by Group undertakings
as current when it expects to recover the amounts within twelve months of the balance sheet date, based on its
assessment of the counterparty's ability and intention to settle the balances within this period. All other amounts owed
by Group undertakings are considered as non-current assets.

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and call deposits and are recorded and subsequently
measured at amortised cost in line with IFRS 9. Bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand and are included
as a component of cash and cash equivalents.

Financial liabilities

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial
liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss. Financial liabilities are
classified as held for trading if they are acquired for the purpose of selling in the near term. This category
includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Company that are not designated as hedging
instruments in hedge relationships as defined by IFRS 9. As at 31 March 2024, the Company had no derivative
financial instruments or designated hedge relationships.

Other financial liabilities held by the Company are recognised at amortised cost.
Trade and other payables

Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value, equal to the transaction price, and are
subsequently measured at amortised cost. Trade payables due within one year are not discounted.

Amounts owed to Group undertakings

Amounts owed to Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at
amortised cost. Balances due within one year are not discounted.

Investments in subsidiaries

Investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost less any provision for impairment. The Company monitor for
Page 17


===== page 19 =====
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited

Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)
Financial instruments (continued)

indicators of impairment at each reporting period, and a full impairment assessment is performed on an annual
basis.

The Directors have deemed that no impairment was required in both the current and prior years.

External borrowings

All loans and borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, equal to the value of amounts received.
Borrowings are subsequently stated at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds and the
redemption value is recognised in the profit & loss account over the period of the borrowings using the effective
interest method.

Impairment of non-financial assets

The carrying amounts of the entity's non-financial assets, other than deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each
reporting date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the
asset's recoverable amount is estimated. The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the greater of its value
in use and its fair value, less costs to sell. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are
discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the
time value of money and the risks specific to the asset.

For the purposes of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the
smallest group of assets that generates independent cash inflows (the CGU); that is, cash inflows from
continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or groups of assets.

An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated
recoverable amount. Impairment losses are recognised in the statement of profit and loss. Impairment losses
recognised in respect of CGUs are allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the
units and then to reduce the carrying amounts of other assets in the CGU (or group of CGUs) on a pro-rata
basis.

An impairment loss relating to non-financial assets, excluding goodwill, is reversed if, and only if, the reasons
for the impairment have ceased to apply.

impairment losses recognised in prior years are assessed at each reporting date for any indication that the loss
has decreased or no longer exists. An impairment loss is only reversed to the extent that the asset's carrying
amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or
amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

Provisions

Provisions are distinct from other liabilities as there is uncertainty over the timing or amount of the cash outflow
required to settle the liability. Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditure expected to be
required to settle the obligation. These are discounted to present value using an appropriate pre-tax discount
rate, where the time value of money is material. Refer to note 15 for detail of classes of provisions and further
detail on material assumptions.

Employee benefits

Defined contribution plans

Adefined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which the Company pays fixed contributions
into a separate entity and will have a legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts. Contributions to
defined contribution schemes are charged to the statement of comprehensive income as they become payable
in accordance with the rules of the scheme. Differences between contributions payable in the year and
contributions paid are shown as either accruals or pre-payments in the balance sheet.

Share-based payments

The cost of share-based employee compensation arrangements, whereby employees receive remuneration in
the form of shares or share options, is recognised as an employee benefit expense in the statement of profit or
loss.

The total expense to be apportioned over the vesting period of the benefit is determined by reference to the fair
value (excluding the effect of non-market-based vesting conditions) at the date of grant.

In determining the fair value of share-based payments under IFRS 2, management has considered a number
of internal and external factors in order to judge the probability that management and employee share incentives
may vest. Such judgements involve estimating future performance and other non market-based factors.

Page 18


===== page 20 =====
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)
Employee benefits (continued)

At the end of each reporting period the assumptions underlying the number of awards expected to vest are
adjusted for the effects of non-market-based vesting conditions to reflect the conditions prevailing at that date.

The impact of any revisions to the original estimates is recognised in the statement of profit or loss, with a
corresponding adjustment to the amounts owed to Group undertakings. Fair value is measured by the use of
a binomial model. The assumptions have been adjusted, based on management's best estimate, for the
effects of non-transferability, lack of dividend until vesting and exercise restrictions.

The fair value calculations in both the current and prior years have been extemally assessed as reasonable in
the circumstances.

After vesting, the Company's ultimate parent satisfies share option exercises either through the issuance of
new ordinary shares, or through the transfer of existing shares held in the Company's EBT to the employee.
Any share options not exercised upon vesting remain outstanding until the end of the contracted exercise
period.

An associated employers’ social security tax liability on these share options is accrued through the vesting
period to align with the payment due upon exercise. The value of this liability at the balance sheet date is
assessed by reference to the estimated future share price on exercise, where applicable.

Regarding the share-based payments charge relating to employees of the Company, there is an intra-group
recharge arrangement with the Company's ultimate parent undertaking, to reflect the benefits received by the
respective entity in relation to employees granted share options. The Company is considered to be the receiving
entity in the arrangement, in line with the benefit received for services provided through ongoing employment.
The Company's ultimate parent undertaking is deemed to be the settling entity in the intra-Group arrangement,
as share options granted are in relation to ordinary shares of the ultimate parent, and recognises the share-
based payments charge for the full Group in other reserves.

Amounts relating to employees who provide services directly to the Company are recorded within the profit and
loss account in the form of a management recharge.

The Company's management and employees have access to an equity settled share-based payment
arrangement for new employees which forms a part of the wider schemes offered across the Group, which are
settled in Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc shares. The Company has two distinct schemes, the
‘management incentive plan’ (“MIP”) and the ‘employee incentive plan’ ("EIP”). These are described below.

The management incentive plan

The Company has a management incentive plan to retain and incentivise directors and senior management.
The MIP consists of four parts: part A of which will enable the granting of enterprise management incentive and
non-tax advantaged options to acquire shares; part B of which will enable the awarding of JSOPs; part C of
which will enable the awarding of restricted stock units (“RSUs”) for participants in the US; and part D of which
will enable the awarding of RSUs in France (together the “options”).

In prior periods, the majority of options granted to certain directors and senior management of the Company
were subject to the fulfilment of three or more of the following performance conditions: (a) the Group achieving
adjusted EPS growth of 15.0% or more to trigger a maximum award, or 10.0% to trigger a 66% award, with a
linear application of awards between these levels; (b) the Group achieving a TSR over three years in excess of
the mean total shareholder return (“TSR”) delivered by a peer group of comparable companies; (c) personal
adherence to corporate values and risk policy; and (d) specific business unit EBITDA, or other personal targets
and goals.

As disclosed last year, the Remuneration Committee approved performance conditions for FY 23 awards, which
further modified the adjusted EPS growth range set out above to reflect the growth of the Group since AIM
admission. The criteria for these share incentive awards to certain directors and senior management of the
Group, depending on the individual and their role, include: (a) the Group achieving adjusted EPS growth of
11.25% or more to trigger a maximum award, or 7.5% to trigger a 66% award, with a linear application of awards
between these levels; (b) personal adherence to corporate values and risk policy; and (c) specific business unit
EBITDA, or other personal targets and goals. These criteria were also applied to FY 24 awards granted in the
year.

Awards to senior management also contain a market condition requiring the Group to achieve a TSR over three
years in excess of the mean TSR delivered by a peer group of comparable companies.

MIP awards have either nominal or minimal exercise price payable in order to acquire shares pursuant
to options. MIP awards have either three- or four-year vesting periods from the date of grant and can be
equity settled only.

Page 19


===== page 21 =====
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited

Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

Employee benefits (continued)
The employee incentive plan

In addition to the MIP, the Board has previously put in place a medium-term employee incentive plan (“EIP").
Under the EIP, a broad base of the Company's employees has been granted share options or share awards
over a small number of shares. The EIP is structured as is most appropriate under the local tax, legal and
regulatory rules in the key jurisdictions and therefore varies between those jurisdictions. No EIP awards were
made in the current or prior years.

Further disclosure of these schemes is provided within the Group's consolidated 2024 Annual Report &
Accounts, and the share-based payment arrangement concerns equity instruments of the Company's ultimate
parent company, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, and therefore the Directors have applied disclosure
exemptions for the subsidiary accounts as permitted under FRS 101.

Administration expenses

Administration expenses are defined by management as costs incurred by the Company that are not directly
associated with the generation of revenue. This includes items such as head office staff costs, recruitment and
professional fees and IT services, which are expensed as incurred. Administration expenses exclude finance
income and expenses and taxation, which are presented separately in the profit and loss account.

Finance income and finance expense

Finance income includes interest receivable on cash invested. Finance expense includes interest payable,
unwinding of the discount on provisions.

Interest income and interest payable on bank loans or amounts due to certain Group undertakings is
recognised in profit or loss as it accrues, using the effective interest method.

Dividend income

Dividend income is recognised in the profit and loss account on the date the entity's right to receive the dividend
is established.

Dividends payable

Dividends payable are recognised in the statement of changes in equity on the date the entity's obligation to
pay the dividend is established.

Taxation
Current and deferred tax is recognised in the profit & loss account.

Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted
or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous
periods.

Deferred tax is provided using the balance sheet liability method, providing for temporary differences between
the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation
purposes. The amount of deferred tax provided is based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement
of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the balance
sheet date.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent
that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be
recovered. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current
tax assets against current tax liabilities, and when they relate to taxes levied by the same taxation authority and
the Company intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

New accounting standards and interpretations

The following changes in accounting policies were applied by the Company in these financial statements for the year
ended 31 March 2024. These included the adoption of new standards and interpretations described below.

The International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) have issued the
following standards and interpretations which are now effective:

« IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts, effective from 1 January 2023;
« Amendments to IFRS 17, effective from 1 January 2023;

Page 20


===== page 22 =====
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)
New accounting standards and interpretations (continued)

* Disclosure of Accounting Policies (Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2), effective from 1
January 2023;

* Definition of Accounting Estimates (Amendments to IAS 8), effective from 1 January 2023;

« Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction (Amendments to IAS 12), effective
from 1 January 2023;

* International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules (Amendments to IAS 12) - Application of the exception and
disclosure of that fact, effective from 23 May 2023;

« International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules (Amendments to IAS 12) — other disclosure requirements,
effective from 1 January 2023; and

¢ International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules (Amendments to the "IFRS for SMEs' Standard), effective
from 29 September 2023 (not yet endorsed by the UK).

The Directors reviewed the nature and effect of these new standards on the Company and noted no material impact
‘on the financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2024.

The Directors have considered new standards and interpretations that have been issued but not yet been effective,
however have applied the exemption not to disclose this information under FRS 101.

2. Auditor’s remuneration

FY 24 FY 23
£000 2000
Audit of these financial statements, 204 38

In addition to annual inflationary increases, the increase in auditor's remuneration is driven by the additional costs
associated with the audit of simplifying the group structure, as detailed in note 10.

Amounts receivable by the Company's auditor and its associates in respect of services to the Company and its
associates, other than the audit of the Company's financial statements, have not been disclosed as the information
is required instead to be disclosed on a consolidated basis in the consolidated financial statements of the Company's.
ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc.

3 Staff numbers and costs

The average number of persons employed by the Company (including Directors) during the year, analysed by
category, was as follows:

Average number of employees
FY 24 FY23
Administrative 88 72
Sales 2 1
‘Average number of employees in the year 90 73
The aggregate payroll costs of these persons were as follows:
FY 24 FY23
£000 £000
Wages, salaries and short-term benefits 8,417 6,855
Social security costs 4,001 835
Contributions to defined contribution plans 309 121
Total staff costs for the year 9,727 7.811

At the year end, 381,888 (FY 23: 281,270) share options over the equity in Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc,
the ultimate parent company, remained outstanding to the Company's management and employees. The weighted
average remaining contractual period to vest for outstanding share options is 1 year. All share options outstanding at
the year end date have a nominal exercise price. During the year 102,620 share options vested (FY 23: 27,424), of
which 851 were exercised during the year. A further 5,605 share options were exercised in the year relating to awards

Page 21


===== page 23 =====
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited

Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
3 Staff numbers and costs (continued)

that vested in the comparative period. The weighted average share price at the date of these exercises was £3.52.
The Company has incurred a charge to the profit & loss account in FY 24 of £214,000 (FY 23: £199,000) relating to
these schemes under IFRS 2 for employees and management that provide direct services to the Company, of which
£35,000 (FY 23: £14,000) relates to associated social security taxes in the current year.

4 Directors’ remuneration

Directors’ remuneration

FY 24 FY23
£000 £000
Directors’ remuneration 215 145

‘Company contributions to money purchase pension pian

During the year ended 31 March 2024, no director providing material qualifying services exercised share options
(FY23: one director providing material qualifying services exercised share options).

Number of Directors
FY 24 FY23
Benefits are accruing to the following number of Directors under:
‘Money purchase schemes (retirement benefits) 1 1
1 1

Long term share incentive plan

Amounts paid or payable to certain of the Company's Directors have been excluded from the above disclosure
and included within the disclosures of other Group companies, on the basis that their services are predominantly
provided to other Group companies.

5 Other operating income
FY 26 FY23
£000 £000
‘Group recharges 18,064 15,092
6 Finance expense
FY 24 FY 23
£000 £000
Interest payable - 9
7 Income from shares in Group undertakings
Fv 24 FY23
£000 £000
Dividend income 22,000 19,800
Distributions in specie received 63,265 :
Total income from shares In Group undertakings 85,265 19,800

Further information relating to distributions in specie received is provided in note 10.

Page 22


===== page 24 =====
Notes to the financial statements (continued)

8 Taxation
FY 24
£000
Current tax
Current tax on income for the period
Group relief payable/(receivable)
‘Adjustments in respect of prior periods

Total current tax

Deferred tax (see note 9)

Origination and reversal of timing differences (51)
Effect of tax rate change on opening balance -
‘Adjustments in respect of prior periods (98)

Alpha FMC Bidco Limited

Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

FY23

£000 £000 £000
. 6)
a4 187
i) 100
67 252

i)

2

(112)
(149) (102)
(82) 150

The Finance Act 2022 increased the main rate of corporation tax in the UK to 25% from 1 April 2023. The deferred tax
balances as disclosed in note 9 reflect this substantively enacted rate in the current and prior years.

The difference between the total tax expense shown above and the amount calculated by applying the standard

rate of UK corporation tax to the profit before tax is as follows:

Profit before taxation

Tax using the UK corporation tax rate of 25% (FY 23: 19%)
Fixed asset differences

‘Adjustments in respect of prior periods (current tax)
‘Adjustments in respect of prior periods (deferred tax)
tncome not taxable

Expenses not deductible for taxation

Group relief (received)/surrendered

Payment(receipt) for group relief

Total tax expense/(income) for the year

FY 26 FY23
£000 £000
84,823 20,616
21,206 3917
- 4)
(7 100
(98) (112)
(21,316) (3,825)
143 74
(84) (157)
a 187
(62) 150

Income not taxable for tax purposes in the table above relates to dividend income and distributions in specie received.

In addition to the tax expense for the year ended 31 March 2024, the Company has also recognised a total charge of
£21k (FY 23: credit of £106k) of tax through equity, of which a credit of £4,000 (FY 23: £17,000) relates to current tax
on the exercise of share options in the year and a charge of £25,000 (FY 23: credit of £89,000) relates to deferred tax

on share options outstanding.

Page 23


===== page 25 =====
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited

Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)

9 Deferred tax

Movements in deferred tax
Recognised in Recognised in

As at 31 March 2024 4 April 2023 income equity 34 March 2024

£000 £000 £000 £000

Accelerated capital allowances (14) 5 - (9)

Short-term timing differences 30 108 - 136

Share options a) 38 (25) 184

Deferred tax asset 187 149 (25) att
As at 31 March 2023

ee Recognised in Recognised in 34 March 2023

income equity

£000 £000 £000 £000

Accelerated capital allowances ” @ : (14)

‘Short-term timing differences 3 27 - 30

Share options - 82 89 171

Deferred tax (liabilityVasset 4) 102 89 187

The Company has no unrecognised tax losses in addition to the deferred tax assets above (FY 23: Enil).

10 Fixed asset investments
‘Shares in
Group
undertakings
£000
Cost
‘At 1 April 2022 77,378
Additions :
At 31 March 2023 ‘77,378
Additions -
Distributions in specie received (see paragraphs iii and vi below) 56,173
Newly issued shares in subsidiaries (see paragraph v below) 33,720
Distributions in specie to parent company (see paragraph ix below) (133,518)
At 31 March 2024 33,753

Group holding company structure simplification

In October 2023, several transactions were undertaken as part of a project to simplify the holding company structure
within the Group. Following these transactions, the Company's immediate parent company is now Alpha Financial
Markets Consulting plc, and the Company's only direct subsidiaries are Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Ltd
and Alpha FMC Group Nominees Ltd. The Company's previous subsidiaries, Alpha FMC Group Ltd and Alpha FMC
Group Holdings Ltd, are now owned directly by Alpha Financial Markets Consulting pic and are in members’ voluntary
liquidation.

Transaction flow
The following transactions have been recorded in the Company's financial statements in the year in relation to this
restructuring:

i. Issue of new B ordinary shares with an aggregate nominal value of £7 to the Company's immediate parent
company, Alpha FMC Midco 2 Limited, and the subsequent redemption of the Company's existing preference
shares with an aggregate nominal value of approximately £7.

Page 24


===== page 26 =====
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited

Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
10 ‘Fixed asset investments (continued)

Transaction flow (continued)

ii. Transfer of the entire issued share capital of the Company from Alpha FMC Midco 2 Limited to Alpha Financial
Markets Consulting plc, the ultimate parent company within the Alpha Group.

iii, Receipt of a distribution in specie of shares with a total carrying value of £22.4m in fellow Alpha Group companies,
Alpha FMC Group Limited and Alpha FMC Group Nominees Limited, from the Company's direct subsidiary, Alpha
FMC Group Holdings Limited. This resulted in an addition to shares in Group undertakings, and a corresponding
increase in the Company's profit. Refer to note 7.

iv. Receipt of a distribution in specie of intercompany receivables with a carrying value of £7.1m from Alpha FMC.
Group Holdings Limited, resulting in an increase in the Company's profit included in note 7, with a corresponding
increase in balances with Group undertakings.

v. Subscription for ordinary shares with an aggregate nominal value and total subscription price of £33.7m in Alpha
FMC Group Holdings Limited, resulting in an increase in investments in subsidiaries with a corresponding
reduction in balances with Group undertakings.

vi. Receipt of a distribution in specie of shares with a total carrying value of £33.8m in a fellow Alpha Group company,
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited, from the Company's direct subsidiary, Alpha FMC Group
Limited, resulting in an addition to investments in subsidiaries and a corresponding increase in profit.

vii. Issue of ordinary shares with an aggregate nominal value and total subscription price of £68.1m to the Company's
immediate parent company, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc, resulting in an increase in share capital and
a corresponding increase in balances with Group undertakings.

viii. Capital reduction of £69.4m, reducing the Company's share capital to £1 and share premium to nil, resulting in a
reduction in share capital and a corresponding increase in retained earings.

ix. Distribution in specie of shares with a total carrying value of £133.5m in Alpha FMC Group Limited and Alpha FMC.
Group Holdings Limited to Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc, resulting in a reduction in investments in
subsidiaries and a corresponding reduction in retained earnings.

Following these transactions, there is no overall change in the total economic value of the subsidiaries owned directly
or indirectly by the Company, with the decrease in the value of investments in subsidiaries largely offset by a
corresponding decrease in amounts owed to Group undertakings.

Page 25


===== page 27 =====
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited

Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
10 Fixed asset investments (continued)

‘The undertakings in which the Company had interest at the year end of more than 20% are as follows:

Class and Class and
percentage of percentage of
Registered shares held- shares held -
‘Subsidiary undertakings address Principat activity ‘34 March 2024 31 March 2023
‘Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited 1 Intermediate holding company O% ordinary ——_*100% ordinary
‘Alpha FMC Group Nominees Limited 1 Dormant 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Alpha FMC Group Limited 1 Intermediate holding company O% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited 1 Intermediate holding company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Lit 1 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Alpha Technology Services Consulting Limited 1 Dormant 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Aivig Limited 1 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Abpha Financial Markets Consulting, in. 2 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consuling S.AS. 3 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Apa Franca Mrkts Consuting (retrace) France 3 Teen 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting (Luxembourg) S.A 4 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Atpha Financial Markets Consulting Nethertands B.V. 5 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Appha Financial Markets Consulting Switzerland S.A. 6 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Aipha Financial Markets Consulting Germany GmbH 7 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Singapore Pte. Ltd. 8 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Hong Kong Limited 9 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Tepe nae Conaeiing Austeaa TY 10 Consuttancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Avsys Limited 1 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Avxsys Financial Software Consulting Canada Limited " Consuttancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Axxsys Consulting USA Inc. 2 Dormant 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Axxsys Danmark ApS 13 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Obsigian Solutions Limited 1 Consuttancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Abpha Technology Services Consuliing SAS. 3 Consuktancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Obsidian Alpha Data Solutions LLC 14 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Alpha FM Consulting Canada inc. 15 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Lionpoint Holdings, inc. 16 Intermediate holding company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Lionpoint Group, LLC. 7 Consutancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited 1 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
ionpoint Group SA 18 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
[Lianpoint Group Pty Limited 19 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
ionpoint GmbH 20 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Abpha Data Solutions Limited 1 Dormant 100% ordinary = NIA
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting MENA Ltd * 1 Consultancy services 100% ordinary = NA
‘Shoreline Asset and Wealth Consulting Inc. * 2 Dormant 100% ordinary NA
‘Shoreline Consolidated PTY Ltd? 22 Intermediate holding company 100% ordinary NA
‘Shoreline Consutting Pte. Ltd. ? 23 Consultancy services 100% ordinary NA
‘Shoreline Consulting PTY Ltd ? 22 Consultancy services 100% ordinary NA

" Alpha FMC (Newco) Limited has changed its name to Alpha Financial Markets Consulting MENA Ltd.
? All Shoreline entities were acquired in May 2023 by Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Australia PTY Limited.

Page 26


===== page 28 =====
Notes to the financial statements (continued)
10 Fixed asset investments (continued)

Registered addresses:
1.60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB, UK

2. 12 East 49th Street, New York, NY 10017, USA

3. 6 Square de L'Opera Louis Jouvet, 75009 Paris, France

4, 19/21 Route d'Arion - bloc B, L-8009 Strassen, Luxembourg

5. Strozzilaan 101, Amsterdam, 1083 HN, The Netherlands

6. Stockerstrasse 55, 8002 Zirich, Switzerland

7. Kurt- Blaum- Platz 8 63450, Hanau, Germany

8. 6A Shenton Way #04-01 Downtown Gallery, Singapore 068815

9. 22/F Neich Tower, 128 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong

10. Quay Quarter Tower, 50 Bridge Street, Sydney NSW 2000, Australia

11. 1800-13401 108th Avenue, Surrey, British Columbia V3T 5T3, Canada

12. incorp Services, Inc., 919 North Market Street, Suite 950, Wilmington, DE 19801
13, Flaesketorvet 68, DK-1711 Copenhagen, Denmark .

14. Dvadesetsedmog marta 6-6a, 11060 Palilula, Belgrade, Serbia

15, Suite 1700, Park Place, 666 Burrard Street, Vancouver, BC V6C2XB, Canada
16. 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, Delaware 19808-1674, USA

17. 8 The Green, Suite A, Dover, Delaware 19901, USA

48. Rue dtalie 11, 1204 Geneva, Switzerland

19. Ground Floor, 123 Walker Street, North Sydney NSW 2060, Australia

20. c/o KUNZ Rechtsanwélte, Antoniterstrae 14-16, KéIn, 50667, Germany

21. 199 Bay Street, Suite 5300 Commerce Court West, Toronto, Ontario, MSL 1B9 Canada

22. Accru Felsers, Level 6, 1 Chifley Square, Sydney, NSW 2000
23. Marina Bay Financial Centre, 8 Marina Boulevard #11-00, 018981, Singapore

"1 Property, plant and equipment

Alpha FMC Bidco Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2024

Computer Fixtures & Total
equipment fittings.
£000 £000 £000

Cost
Balance at 1 April 2023 494 1 495
Additions 43 - 43
Disposals : :
Balance at 31 March 2024 837 1 538
Depreciation and impairment
Balance at 1 April 2023 (398) a) (399)
Depreciation charge for the year 72 : (72)
Disposals : : :
Balance at 31 March 2024 (470) (1) (a7)
Net book value
‘A831 March 2024 67 - 67
‘AL 4 April 2023 96 - 96

Page 27


===== page 29 =====
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2024
Notes to the financial statements (continued)
12 Trade and other receivables

FY 24 FY23
£000 £000
Amounts owed by Group undertakings (25,588 27,143
Other debtors ‘562 381
Prepayments 1,401 1,301
(27,551 28,825

The Directors are satisfied that amounts owed by Group undertakings disclosed above are recoverable. Expected
credit loss in relation to amounts owed by Group undertakings was immaterial in both the current and prior years.
Amounts owed by Group undertakings and interest free and are repayable on demand. The Company classifies
amounts owed by Group undertakings as current when it expects to recover the amounts within twelve months of the
balance sheet date, based on its assessment of the counterparty's ability and intention to settle the balances within this
period. Otherwise, the amounts are classified as non-current. As at 31 March 2024, amounts owed by Group
undertakings of £59,210,000 (FY 23: £81,843,000) are presented separately as non-current assets on the balance
sheet.

The decrease in amounts owed by Group undertaking in the year principally arises from the holding company structure
simplification transactions described in note 10.

13 Cash and cash equivalents
FY 24 FY23,
£000 £000
Cash at bank 1,965 2,256
‘Cash and cash equivalents 1,965 2,256

All cash and cash equivalents held by the Company are available for use by the Company with no restrictions.

14 Trade and other payables

FY 24 FY 23

e000 £000

Trade payables 1,070 1.144
‘Amounts owed to Group undertakings 114,366 179,271
Other creditors 563 587
‘Taxation and social security 255 226
Accruals 2,436 2724
‘Social security tax on share options. or Ed
198,755 183,950

Amounts owed to Group undertakings are either interest-bearing or non-interest-bearing depending on the type of the
creditor relationship and local regulatory requirements. At the balance sheet date the majority of these balances are
non-interest-bearing. All amounts owed to Group undertakings are repayable on demand. The decrease in amounts
owed to Group undertaking in the year principally arises from the holding company structure simplification transactions
described in note 10.

15 Provisions

Social security Legatand other Total
tax provisions provisions
£000 £000 £000
Balance at 1 April 2023, 1,400 165 1,565
Utlised - : :
Released - : 7
Balance as at 31 March 2024 1,400 165 1,565

The social security tax provision of £1.4m (FY 23: £1.4m) relates to historical pre-AIM admission potential tax
treatments. Legal and other provisions include £0.2m relating to ongoing legal claims. The Company has not
recognised any additional provisions in the year.
Given the uncertainty, a range of outcomes is possible in relation to these provisions. The Directors consider the cash
outflows in relation to recognised provisions could reasonably range between £1.0m and £2.8m.

Page 28


===== page 30 =====
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited

Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)

16 Other non-current liabilities

FY 24 FY23
£000 £000
Social security tax on share options . 43 “a
43 41
17 Capital and reserves
Share capital
FY 24 FY 23
£000 £000
Allotted, called up and fully paid
1 (FY 23: 20,000) ordinary shares of £1 each - 20
. 20
Movements in share capital during th year ended 31 March 2024:
e
Balance as at 1 April 2023 20,000
20,000 ordinary shares of £1 each
Issued shares 68,076,806
Capital reduction (68,096,805)
Balance as at 31 March 2024 1

1 ordinary share of £1 each

The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one
vote per share at meetings of the Company.

During the year, the Company entered into a number of transactions in order to simplify the holding company structure
of the Group. As part of this process, £68.1m of ordinary share capital was issued, and a subsequent capital reduction
was undertaken to reduce share capital to £1. Further details in relation to these transactions are disclosed in note
10.

Dividend

An interim dividend in respect of the year ended 31 March 2024 of £22,000,000 (FY 23: £18,800,000) was paid to
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc to facilitate the Group dividend payments made by the parent company, to its
shareholders. This dividend was facilitated by the receipt of dividends of £22,000,000 (FY 23: £19,800,000) from the
Company's directly owned subsidiary, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited. The Directors have not
recommended the payment of a final dividend (FY 23: Enil).

18 Related parties

The Company has not engaged in any transactions with any related parties other than with wholly owned subsidiaries
within the Alpha Group, and remuneration of the Company's key management personnel. These transactions have
not been disclosed as the Company has taken advantage of exemptions under FRS 101.

19 Ultimate parent company
As at 31 March 2024, the ultimate parent company and controlling party was Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc,
a company incorporated in England and Wales.

Both the largest and smallest Group in which the results of the Company are consolidated is that headed by Alpha
Financial Markets Consulting plc. The consolidated financial statements of the Group are available to the public and
may be obtained from 60 Gresham Street, London EC2V 7BB, United Kingdom, or the website
investors.alphafmc.com.

Page 29


===== page 31 =====
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited

‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
20 Events after the reporting period
Change in control of the Company following the acquisition of the Group by Actium Bidco (UK) Limited

On 19 August 2024, the Company's ultimate parent company, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting pic, was acquired
by Actium Bidco (UK) Limited. Following this acquisition, the shares of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc were de-
listed from AIM on 20 August 2024 and the company was re-registered as a private limited company under the
Companies Act 2006. Actium Bidco (UK) Limited is a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of Actium Topco (UK) Limited,
which is owned by certain funds managed by Bridgepoint Advisers Limited.

Settlement of share options held by the Company's employees in Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc

As a result of the acquisition of the Company's ultimate parent company, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting pic, by
Actium Bidco (UK) Limited, all unvested share options held by the Company's employees in Alpha Financial Markets
Consulting pic vested early. Subsequently, 0.4 million share options were exercised, and the shares were purchased
for an agreed price of £5.05 per share. Consequently, after the balance sheet date, in August 2024, the Company
incurred an accelerated charge in relation to employer's social security taxes due on the exercise of these share
options. Employer's social security taxes of £0.2m became due on exercise, compared to a total liability of £0.1m on
the balance sheet as at 31 March 2024.

Furthermore, as vesting of these options was accelerated upon the completion of the acquisition, the Company also
recognised a material share-based payment-related intra-group recharge in its profit & loss account of £0.3m in August
2024, amounting to the entire remaining charge for these share options.

These events have not been adjusted for in the financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2024 as they
resulted from conditions that arose after the end of the reporting period.

Page 30
