

===== page 1 =====
The Companies Act 2006
Private company limited by shares Company Number: 09737564
WRITTEN RESOLUTIONS
of
OBSIDIAN SOLUTIONS LTD

{the Company)

g November 2019 (the Circulation Date)

Pursuant to Chapter 2 of Part 13 of the Companies Act 2006 (the Act) and the articles of association of
the Company (Articles), the directors of the Company (the Directors) propose that the following
resolution be passed as a special resolution (the Resolution).

SPECIAL RESOLUTION

1. THAT the new articles of association of the Company in the form annexed to this Resolution be
adopted as the articles of association of the Company in substitution for, and to the exclusion
of, the existing Articles.

pun

14/11/2019 #165
COMPANIES HOUSE


===== page 2 =====
AGREEMENT
Please read the notes at the end of this document before signifying your agreement to the Resolution.

The undersigned, being the persons entitled to vote on the above resolution on the Circulation Date,

hereby irrevocably agree to the Resolution:

fiche

~ okt.

os authprised signatory for and on behalf of
ALPHA RINANCIAL MARKETS CONSULTING
GROUP LIMITED

as attorney for

SASHA SKERLETOVIC

Date: J NOVEMBER 2615

-[pobe.

duly aul be signatory for and on behalf of
ALPHA FINANCIAL MARKETS CONSULTING
GROUP LIMITED

as attorney for
LAZAR RADENOVIC
Date: J MavEMBEE 2019

duly authorised signatory for and on behalf of
ALPHA FINANCIAL MARKETS CONSULTING
GROUP LIMITED

as attorney for

FINTECH INNOVATION PROGRAM LTD
Date: J MOUZAISER 2019

y

duly ene signatory for and on behalf of
ALPHA FINANCIAL MARKETS CONSULTING
GROUP LIMITED

as attorney for

REDWOOD ASSET MANAGEMENT

Date: 4 {NOVEMBER 7019. 7ot

fete

\

duly = signatory for and on behaif of
ALPHA FINANCIAL MARKETS CONSULTING
GROUP LIMITED

as attorney for

IAN BENN
Date: PNOVEMBER 2019

duly * rised signatory for and on behalf of
ALPHA FINANCIAL MARKETS CONSULTING
GROUP LIMITED

as attorney for

MATTHEW OAKLEY

Date: @ADVEMBEL 2019


===== page 3 =====
Pe Of

i. Ch.

all ithorised signatory for and on behalf of
ALPHA FINANCIAL MARKETS CONSULTING
GROUP LIMITED

as attorney for

SHUK-HING DAVEY

Date. 9 NOVEMBER 201%

pA

duly \ jorised signatory for and on behalf of
ALPHA FINANCIAL MARKETS CONSULTING
GROUP LIMITED

as attorney for

FAMILY POT INVESTMENTS II LLP

Date: J NOVEMBER 2019

Off

duly aathorised signatory for and on behalf of
ALPHA FINANCIAL MARKETS CONSULTING
GROUP LIMITED

as attorney for

FOMCAP NOMINEES LIMITED

Date: 4 November 2015

he lee

duly aut}orised signatory for and on behalf of
ALPHA FINANCIAL MARKETS CONSULTING
GROUP LIMITED

as attorney for

MILOSZ OLSZEWSKI

Date: JNOVEMBFR 2049

feof

duly authorised signatory for and on behalf of
ALPHA FINANCIAL MARKETS CONSULTING
GROUP LIMITED

as attorney for

FRANSISCO LORCA
Date: 4 NovemBee 209

duly sk rised signatory for and on behalf of
ALPHA FINANCIAL MARKETS CONSULTING
GROUP LIMITED

as attorney for

ALEX HIRSCH
Date: InvemBER 2019


===== page 4 =====
—W ob

\
duly authorised signatory for and on behalf of
ALPHA FINANCIAL MARKETS CONSULTING
GROUPLIMITED
as attorney for
RUSSELL HART

Date: 9 NOVEMBER _2019

3 ob.

duly authorised signatory for and on behalf of
ALPHA FINANCIAL MARKETS CONSULTING
GROUP LIMITED

as attorney for
DASHA NECHAYEVSKA

Date: ¢@ NOVEMBER 2019

Hcl.

duly authorised signatory for and on behalf of
ALPHA‘FINANCIAL MARKETS CONSULTING
GROUP LIMITED

as attorney for

PETER OOSTERBOSCH

Date: § NOVEMBER 205

duly authprised signatory for and on behalf of
ALPHA FINANCIAL MARKETS CONSULTING
GROUP LIMITED

as attorney for

JULIAN GIBBONS

Date: 9 NOUEMBER 209

le. cf.

orised signatory for and on behalf of
ALPHA FINANCIAL MARKETS CONSULTING
GROUP LIMITED

as attorney for

ANDREA RUBAKOVIC
Date: 4 NOVEMBER 20/4

duly authgrised signatory for and on behalf of
ALPHA FINANCIAL MARKETS CONSULTING
GROUP LIMITED

as attorney for

FEHRN GMBH
Date: 9NOvEMBER 2019


===== page 5 =====
by CL

off.

duly authorised signatory for and on behalf of
ALPHA FINANCIAL MARKETS CONSULTING
GROUP LIMITED

as attorney for

HELENA VICTORIA BRODIE VINNICOMBE
Date: G NOVEMBER 2015

fl cke.

duly sheces signatory for and on behaif of
ALPHA FINANCIAL MARKETS CONSULTING
GROUP LIMITED

as attorney for

ANDREW RUBIO

Date: Y_NovEMAER 20%

duly onde signatory for and on behalf of
ALPHA FINANCIAL MARKETS CONSULTING
GROUP LIMITED

as attorney for

ALEXANDRA ROSINA RYAN
Date: JAQVEMECR 249


===== page 6 =====
NOTES

if you agree to the Resolution, please indicate your agreement by signing and dating this
document where indicated above and return to the Company by email or by post/by hand to 1
St. Katharines Way, London, England, E1W 1UN.

If you do not agree to the Resolution, you do not need to do anything: you will not be deemed
to agree if you fail to reply.

Once you have indicated your agreement ta the Resolution, you may not revoke your
agreement.

Unless, by the date falling 28 days after the Circulation Date (as set out above), sufficient
agreement has been received for the Resolution to pass, it will lapse. If you agree to the
Resolution, please ensure that your agreement reaches us before or during this date.

In the case of joint holders of shares, only the vote of the senior holder who votes will be counted
by the Company. Seniority is determined by the order in which the names of the joint holders
appear in the register of members.

If you are signing this document on behalf of a person under a power of attorney or other
authority please send a copy of the relevant power of attorney or authority when returning this
document.


===== page 7 =====
The Companies Act 2006
A private company limited by shares
Articles of Association
of
Obsidian Solutions Ltd

(Company Number: 09737564)

(Adopted by Special Resolution on_9 November 2019)

1 DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

11 In these Articles, unless the context requires otherwise, the following words have the
following meanings:
Act the Companies Act 2006 including any statutory

Articles
bankruptcy

chairman
chairman of the meeting
Company

Companies Acts

director

distribution reci

document

electronic form

fully paid

hard copy form
holder

instrument

modification or re-enactment thereof for the time
being in force;

the articles of association of the Company;

includes individual insolvency proceedings ina
jurisdiction other than England and Wales or Northern
lreland which have an effect similar to that of
bankruptcy;

has the meaning given in article 12;
has the meaning given in article 41;

Obsidian Solutions Ltd (with company
number 09737564);

the Companies Acts (as defined in section 2 ofthe
Act), in so far as they apply to the Company:

a director of the Company, and includes any person
accupying the pasition of director, by whatever name
called;

has the meaning given in article 33;

includes, unless otherwise specified, any document
sent or supplied in electronic form;

has the meaning given in section 1168 of the Act;

in relation to a share, means that the nominal value
and any premium to be paid to the Company in
respect of that share have been paid to the Company;

the meaning given in section 1168 of the Act;

in relation to shares means the person whose name is
entered in the register of members as the holder of
the shares;

a document in hard copy form;


===== page 8 =====
12

1.3

14

1.5

42

ordinary resolution has the meaning given in section 282 of the Act,

paid paid or credited as paid;

participate in relation to a directors’ meeting, has the meaning
given in article 10;

proxy notice has the meaning given in article 47;

shareholder a person who is the holder of a share;

shares shares in the Company as set out in Schedule A of
these Articles;

special resolution has the meaning given in section 283 of the Act;

subsidiary as the meaning given in section 1159 of the

ct,
transmittee a person entitled to a share by reason of the death or

bankruptcy of a shareholder or otherwiseby
operation of law; and

writing the representation or reproduction of words,
symbols or other information in a visible form by any
method or combination of methods, whether sent or
supplied in electronic form or otherwise.

Unless the context otherwise requires, other words or expressions contained in
these Articles bear the same meaning as in the Act as in force on the date when
these Articles become binding on thecompany.

The model articles for private companies limited by shares prescribed pursuant to the
Act shall not apply to the Company.

The terms “including”, “include”, “in particular’, “other”, “otherwise” or similar
expression shall be construed as illustrative and shall not limit the sense or
application of any words, description, definition, phrase or term preceding or following
those terms.

Unless expressly provided otherwise words denoting the singular shall include the
plural and vice versa, and words denoting a gender shall include all genders.

LIABILITY OF MEMBERS:

The liability of the members is limited to the amount, if any, unpaid on the shares held
by them.

DIRECTORS’ GENERAL AUTHORITY

Subject to these Articles, the directors are responsible for the management of
the Company's business, for which purpose they may exercise all the powers of
the Company.

SHAREHOLDERS’ RESERVE POWER

The shareholders may, by special resolution, direct the directors to take, or refrain
from taking, specified action.

No such special resolution invalidates anything which the directors have done before
the passing of the resolution.


===== page 9 =====
5.2

5.3

6.2

7.2

8.2

8.3

8.4

DIRECTORS MAY DELEGATE

Subject to these Articles, the directors may delegate any of the powers which
are conferred on them under these Articles:

5.1.1 to such person or committee;

5.1.2 by such means (including by power of attorney);

5.1.3 to such an extent;

5.1.4 in relation to such matters or territories; and

5.1.5 on such terms and conditions;

as they think fit.

If the directors so specify, any such delegation may authorise further delegation of the
directors’ powers by any person to whom they aredelegated.

The directors may revoke any delegation in whole or part, or alter its terms and
conditions.

COMMITTEES

Committees to which the directors delegate any of their powers must follow
procedures which are based as far as they are applicable on those provisions of
these Articles which govern the taking of decisions by directors.

The directors may make rules of procedure for ali or any committees, which prevail
over rules derived from these Articles if they are not consistent with them.

DIRECTORS TO TAKE DECISIONS COLLECTIVELY

The general rule about decision-making by directors is that any decision of the
directors must be either a majority decision at a meeting or a decision taken in
accordance with article 8,

If:
7.2.1. the Company only has one director, and
7.2.2 no provision of these Articles requires it to have more than onedirector,

the general rule does not apply, and the director may take decisions without regard to
any of the provisions of these Articles relating to directors’ decision-making.

UNANIMOUS DECISIONS

A decision of the directors is taken in accordance with this article when all eligible
directors indicate to each other by any means that they share a common view on a
matter.

Such a decision may take the form of a resolution in writing and may consist of
several documents in the like form each approved by one or more of the eligible
directors in writing or by such other means as agreed to from time to time.

References in this article to eligible directors are to directors who would have been
entitled to vote on the matter had it been proposed as a resolution at a directors’
meeting.

A decision may not be taken in accordance with this article if the eligible directors
would not have formed a quorum at such a meeting.


===== page 10 =====
9.2

9.3

9.4

10
10.4

10.2

10.3

1
11.1

12

124
12.2
12.3

CALLING A DIRECTORS’ MEETING

Any director may call a directors’ meeting by giving notice of the meeting to the
directors or by authorising the company secretary (if any) to give suchnotice.

Notice of any directors’ meeting mustindicate:
9.2.1 _ its proposed date and time;
9.2.2 where itis to take place; and

9.2.3 if itis anticipated that directors participating in the meeting will not be in the
same place, how it is proposed that they should communicate with each
other during the meeting.

Notice of a directors’ meeting must be given to each director, but need not be in
writing.

Notice of a directors’ meeting need not be given to directors who waive their
entitlement to notice of that meeting, by giving notice to that effect to the Company
not more than 7 days after the date on which the meeting is he!d. Where such notice
is given after the meeting has been held, that does not affect the validity of the
meeting, or of any business conducted atit.

PARTICIPATION IN DIRECTORS’ MEETINGS

Subject to these Articles, directors participate in a directors’ meeting, or part
of a directors’ meeting, when:

10.1.1 the meeting has been called and takes place in accordance with these
Articles; and

10.1.2 they can each communicate to the others any information or opinions they
have on any particular item of the business of the meeting.

In determining whether directors are participating in a directors’ meeting, it is
irrelevant where any director is or how they communicate with each other.

If all the directors participating in a meeting are not in the same place, they may
decide that the meeting is to be treated as taking place wherever any of themis.

QUORUM FOR DIRECTORS’ MEETINGS

At a directors’ meeting, uniess a quorum is participating, no proposal is to be voted
‘on, except a proposaf to call another meeting.

The quorum for directors’ meetings may be fixed from time to time by a decision of
the directors, and unless otherwise so fixed shall be two.

{f the total number of directors for the time being is less than the quorum required, the
directors must not take any decision other than adecision:
11.3.1 to appoint further directors; or

11.3.2 to call a general meeting so as to enable the shareholders to appoint further
directors.

The provisions of this article 11 shall not apply in the event that the Company has a
sole director for the time being.

CHAIRING OF DIRECTORS’ MEETINGS
The directors may appoint a director to chair theirmeetings.
The person so appointed for the time being is known as the chairman.

The directors may terminate the chairman’s appointment at any time.
4


===== page 11 =====
12.4

13
13.1

13.2

14
144

14.2

14.3

14.4

14.5

If the chairman is not participating in a directors’ meeting within ten minutes of the
time at which it was to start, the participating directors must appoint one of
themselves to chair it.

CASTING VOTE

lf the numbers of votes for and against a proposal are equal, the chairman or other
director chairing the meeting has a casting vote.

But article 13.1 does not apply if, in accordance with these Articles, the chairman
or other director is not to be counted as participating in the decision-making
process for quorum or voting purposes.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS

Each director shall comply with his obligations to disclose the nature and extent of his
interest in an actual or proposed transaction or arrangement with the Company
pursuant to sections 177 and 182 of theAct.

Adirector shall not be required to disclose the nature and extent of his interest in any
proposed arrangement or transaction by virtue of that director also being a director of
any group undertaking as defined under section 1161(5) of the Act.

Subject to article 14.4, and provided he has declared the nature and extent of his
interest pursuant to the requirements of the Act, a director notwithstanding his office:

14.3.1 may be a party to or otherwise interested in, any transaction or arrangement
with the Company or in which the Company is otherwise directly or indirectly
interested;

14.3.2 shall be counted in the quorum for the purposes of any proposed decision of
the directors, or of any committee so established by the directors, in respect
of such actual or proposed transaction or arrangement in which he is
interested;

14.3.3 shall be entitled to vote at a meeting of the directors or a committee meeting
of the directors or participate in any unanimous decision in respect of such
actual or proposed transaction or arrangement in which he is interested;

14.3.4 may act by himself or by his firm in a professional capacity for the Company
(otherwise than as auditor} and he or his firm shall be entitled to
remuneration for professional services as if he were not a director;

14.3.5 may be a director or other officer of, or employed by, or a party to a
transaction or arrangement with, or otherwise interested in, any body
corporate in which the Company is otherwise directly or indirectiyinterested;
and

14.3.6 unless the directors decide otherwise, shall not be accountable to the
Company for any remuneration or benefit which he, or any connected person
as defined under section 252 of the Act, derives from any such office or
employment or from any interest in a body corporate and no such transaction
or arrangement shall be liable to be avoided on the grounds of any such
interest, benefit, or receipt ofremuneration.

If the directors elect ta exercise their powers in accordance with section 175(4)(b) of
the Act they may authorise any matter which would otherwise cause a director to
infringe his duty under section 175 of the Act (Conflict) (subject to such terms and
conditions as they think fit to impose, vary, or terminate from time to time).

Any such authorisation given by the directors pursuant to article 14.4 shall be
effective provided that the conflicted director is not counted in the quorum at any part
of the meeting at which his Conflict is authorised and that the conflicted director does
not vote on any matter concerning its authorisation.


===== page 12 =====
14.6

14.7

14.8

14.9

15

16

17
17.1

17.2

17.3

18
18.1

Where the directors authorise a Conflict, the conflicted director will be obliged to
conduct himself in accordance with any terms and conditions (if any) so imposed by
the directors in relation to his Conflict.

For the purposes of this article, references to proposed decisions and decision-
making processes include any directors’ meeting or part of a directors’ meeting.

Subject to article 14.9, if a question arises at a meeting of directors or of a

committee of directors as to the right of a director to participate in the meeting (or part
of the meeting) for voting or quorum purposes, the question may, before the
conclusion of the meeting, be referred to the chairman whose ruling in relation to any
director other than the chairman is to be final and conclusive.

If any question as to the right to participate in the meeting (or part of the meeting)
should arise in respect of the chairman, the question is to be decided by a decision of
the directors at that meeting, for which purpose the chairman is not to be counted as
participating in the meeting (or that part of the meeting) for voting or quorum
purposes.

RECORDS OF DECISIONS TO BE KEPT

The directors must ensure that the Company keeps a record, in written form, for at
least 10 years from the date of the decision recorded, of every unanimous or majority
decision taken by the directors either in meeting or in writing.

DIRECTORS’ DISCRETION TO MAKE FURTHER RULES

Subject to these Articles, the directors may make any rule which they think fit about
how they take decisions, and about how such rules are to be recorded or
communicated to directors.

APPOINTMENT OF DIRECTORS

Any person who is willing to act as a director, and is permitted by law to do so, may
be appointed to be a director:

17.1.1 by ordinary resolution; or
17.1.2 by a decision of the directors; or

17.1.3. where the Company is a subsidiary company, by means of a written notice
thereof from its holding company, such appointment to take effect on receipt
of such notice at the Registered Office of the Company.

In any case where, as a result of death, the Company has no shareholders and no
directors, the personal representatives of the last shareholder to have died have the
right, by notice in writing, to appoint a person to be adirector.

For the purposes of article 17.2, where two or more shareholders die in
circumstances rendering it uncertain who was the last to die, a younger shareholder
is deemed to have survived an older shareholder.

TERMINATION OF DIRECTOR’S APPOINTMENT
A person ceases to be a director as soonas:

18.1.1 that person ceases to be a director by virtue of any provision of the Act or is
prohibited from being a director bylaw;

18.1.2 a bankruptcy order is made against thatperson;

18.1.3 a composition is made with that person's creditors generally in satisfaction of
that person’s debts;


===== page 13 =====
19
19.4

19.2

19.3

19.4

19.5

20
20.1
20.2

20.3

20.4

20.5

18.1.4 aregistered medical practitioner who is treating that person gives a written
opinion to the Company stating that that person has become physically or
mentaily incapable of acting as a director and may remain so for more than
three months;

18.1.5 notification is received by the Company from the director that the director is
resigning from office, and such resignation has taken effect in accordance
with its terms; or

18.1.6 where the Company is a subsidiary company, written notice from its holding
company of his or her removal as such is received at the Registered Office of
the Company.

ALTERNATE DIRECTORS

Any director (other than an alternate director) may appoint any other director, or any
other person approved by resolution of the directors and willing to act, to be an
alternate director and may remove from office an alternate director so appointed by
him.

An alternate director shall be entitled to receive notice of all meetings of directors and
of all meetings of committees of directors of which his appointor is a member, to
attend and vote at any such meeting at which the director appointing him is not
personally present, and generally to perform all the functions of his appointor as a
director in his absence but shall not be entitled to receive any remuneration from the
Company for his services as an alternate director. It shall not be necessary to give
notice of such a meeting to an alternate director who is absent from the United
Kingdom.

An alternate director shall cease to be an alternate director if his appointor ceases to
be a director.

Any appointment or removal of an alternate director shall be by notice to the
Company signed by the director making or revoking the appointment or in any other
manner approved by the directors.

Save as otherwise provided in these Articles, an alternate director shall be deemed
for all purposes to be a director and shall alone be responsible for his own acts and
defaults and he shall not be deemed to be the agent of the director appointing him.

DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION

Directors may undertake any services for the Company that the directors decide.
Directors are entitled to such remuneration as the directors determine:

20.2.1 for their services to the Company as directors; and

20.2.2 for any other service which they undertake for the Company.

Subject to these Articles, a director's remuneration may:

20.3.1 take any form; and

20.3.2 include any arrangements in connection with the payment of a pension,
allowance or gratuity, or any death, sickness or disability benefits, to or in
respect of that director.

Unless the directors decide otherwise, directors’ remuneration accrues from day to
day.

Unless the directors decide otherwise, directors are not accountable to the Company
for any remuneration which they receive as directors or other officers or employees of
the Company’s subsidiaries or of any other body corporate in which the Company is
interested.


===== page 14 =====
21
21.1

22
22.1

22.2

22.3

22.4

22.5

22.6
22.7

228

DIRECTORS’ EXPENSES

The Company may pay any reasonable expenses which the directors (including
alternate directors) properly incur in connection with their attendanceat:

21.1.1 meetings of directors or committees of directors;
21.1.2 general meetings; or

21.1.3. separate meetings of the holders of any class of shares or of debentures of
the Company, or otherwise in connection with the exercise of their powers
and the discharge of their responsibilities in relation to the Company.

SHARES

Subject to the remaining provisions of this article 22, for so long as the Company has
only one class of shares, the directors are generally and unconditionally authorised
pursuant to section 550 of the Act to exercise any powers of the Company to allot and
grant rights to subscribe for or convert securities into suchshares.

Subject to the remaining provision of this article 22, where the Company has more
than one class of shares, the directors pursuant to section 551 of the Act are
generally and unconditionally authorised to exercise any powers of the Company to
ailot and grant rights to subscribe for or convert securities into shares up to an
aggregate nominal value of £1,000,000, or an equivalent amount in such other
currency, at any times during the period of five years from the date of adoption of
these Articles. Such authority so given under section 551 of the Act may be
renewed, revoked, or varied by an ordinary resolution of the Company.

Any authority expressed under articles 22.1 and 22.2 shall be subject to such other
provisions, if any, relating to the share class rights as set out in Schedule A of these
Articles and the remaining provisions of this article22.

In accordance with section 567(1) of the Act, sections 561 and 562 of the Act shall
not apply to an allotment of equity securities (as defined in section 560(1) of the Act)
made by the Company.

Subject to any other provisions varying the rights between classes of shares set out
in Schedule A of these Articles, where the Company has more than one class of
shares, such shares shall rank pari passu in allrespects.

Shares may be issued nil paid, partly paid, or fullypaid.

Unless otherwise agreed by special resolution, if the Company proposes to allot any
shares (other than any shares to be held under an employees’ share scheme), those
shares shall not be allotted to any person unless the Company has first offered them
to ali shareholders on the date of the offer on the same terms, and at the same price,
as those shares are being offered to other persons on a pari passu and pro rata basis
to the number of shares held by those holders (as nearly as possible without involving
fractions). The offer:

22.7.1 shall be in writing, shall be open for acceptance for a period of 15 business
days from the date of the offer and shall give details of the number and
subscription price of the relevant shares; and

22.7.2 may stipulate that any shareholder who wishes to subscribe for a number of
shares in excess of the proportion to which he is entitled shall, in his.
acceptance, state the number of excess shares (Excess Shares) for which
he wishes to subscribe.

Any shares nat accepted by shareholders pursuant to the offer made to them in
accordance with article 22.7 shall be used for satisfying any requests for Excess
Shares made pursuant to article 22.7.2. If there are insufficient Excess Shares to
satisfy such requests, the Excess Shares shall be allotted to the applicants pro rata to


===== page 15 =====
22.9

22.10

23
23.1

23.2

23.3

23.4

24
24.1

24.2

24.3

24.4

24.5

the number of shares held by the applicants immediately before the offer was made
to shareholders in accordance with article 22.7 (as nearly as possible without
involving fractions or increasing the number of Excess Shares allotted to any
shareholder beyond that applied for by him). After that allotment, any Excess Shares
remaining shall be offered to any other person as the directors may determine, at the
same price and on the same terms as the offer to the shareholders.

Where the company is a subsidiary company, no shares shall be issued without prior
written consent of its holding company.

The provisions of articles 22.7 to 22.9 (inclusive) shall not apply to any shares that
the directors propose to allot where the Company is a subsidiary company and such
allotment is to be made to the Company's holdingcompany.

LIEN

The Company shall have a first and paramount lien on every share (not being a fully

paid share) for all moneys (whether presently payable or not) payable at a fixed time

or called in respect of that share. The directors may at any time declare any share to

be wholly or in part exempt from the provisions of this regulation. The Company's lien
on a share shall extend to any amount payable in respect of it.

The Company may sell in such manner as the directors determine any shares on
which the Company has a lien if a sum in respect of which the lien exists is presently
payable and is not paid within fourteen clear days after notice has been given to the
holder of the share or to the person entitled to it in consequence of the death or
bankruptcy of the holder, demanding payment and stating that if the notice is not
complied with the shares may be sold.

To give effect to a sale the directors may authorise some person to execute an
instrument of transfer of the shares sold to, or in accordance with the directions of,
the purchaser. The title of the transferee to the shares shall not be affected by any
irregularity in or invalidity of the proceedings in reference to the sale.

The net proceeds of the sale, after payment of the costs, shall be applied in payment
of so much of the sum for which the lien exists as is presently payable, and any
residue shall (upon surrender to the Company for cancellation of the certificate for the
shares sold and subject to a like lien for any moneys not presently payable as existed
upon the shares before the sale) be paid to the person entitled to the shares at the
date of the sale.

CALLS ON SHARES AND FORFEITURE

Subject to the terms of allotment, the directors may make calls upon the members in
respect of any moneys unpaid on their shares (whether in respect of nominal value or
premium) and each member shall (subject to receiving at least fourteen clear days’
notice specifying when and where payment is to be made) pay to the Company as
required by the notice the amount called on his shares.

A call may be required to be paid by instalments. A call may, before receipt by the
Company of any sum due thereunder, be revoked in whole or part and payment of a
call may be postponed in whole or part. A person upon whom a call is made shall
remain liable for calls made upon him notwithstanding the subsequent transfer of the
shares in respect of which the call was made.

A call shall be deemed to have been made at the time when the resolution of the
directors authorising the call was passed.

The joint holders of a share shall be jointly and severally liable to pay all calls in
respect thereof.

If a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable the person from whom it
is due and payable shall pay interest on the amount unpaid from the day it became


===== page 16 =====
due and payable until it is paid at the rate fixed by the terms of allotment of the share
or in the notice of the call but the directors may waive payment of the interest wholly
or in part.

24.6. An amount payable in respect of a share on allotment or at any fixed date, whether in

24.7

248

24.9

24.10

24.411

24.12

25

26

respect of nominal value or premium or as an instalment of a call, shall be deemed to
be a call and if it is not paid the provisions of these Articles shall apply as if that amount
had become due and payable by virtue of acall.

Subject to the terms of allotment, the directors may make arrangements on the issue
of shares for a difference between the holders in the amounts and times of payment
of calls on their shares.

If a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable the directors may give
to the person from whom it is due not less than fourteen clear days’ notice requiring
payment of the amount unpaid together with any interest which may have accrued.
The notice shall name the place where payment is to be made and shall state that if
the notice is not complied with the shares in respect of which the call was made will
be liable to be forfeited.

If the notice is not complied with any share in respect of which it was given may,
before the payment required by the notice has been made, be forfeited by a
resolution of the directors and the forfeiture shall include all dividends or ather
moneys payable in respect of the forfeited shares and not paid before the forfeiture.

Subject to the provisions of the Act and any other provisions relating to shares in
these Articles, a forfeited share may be sold, re-allotted or otherwise disposed of on
such terms and in such manner as the directors determine either to the person who
was before the forfeiture the holder or to any other person and at any time before
sale, re-allotment or other disposition, the forfeiture may be cancelled on such terms
as the directors think fit. Where for the purposes of its disposal a forfeited share is to
be transferred to any person the directors may authorise some person to execute an
instrument of transfer of the share to thatperson.

A person any of whose shares have been forfeited shall cease to be a member in
respect of them and shall surrender to the Company for cancellation the certificate for
the shares forfeited but shall remain liable to the Company for all moneys which at
the date of forfeiture were presently payable by him to the Company in respect of
those shares with interest at the rate at which interest was payable on those moneys
before the forfeiture but the directors may waive payment wholly or in part or enforce
payment without any allowance for the value of the shares at the time of forfeiture or
for any consideration received on their disposal.

A statutory declaration by a director or the secretary of the Company that a share
has been forfeited on a specified date shall be conclusive evidence of the facts
stated in it as against all persons claiming to be entitled to the share and the
declaration shall (subject to the execution of an instrument of transfer if necessary)
constitute a good title to the share and the person to whom the share is disposed of
shall not be bound to see to the application of the consideration, if any, nor shall his
title to the share be affected by any irregularity in or invalidity of the proceedings in
reference to the forfeiture or disposai of theshare.

POWER TO ISSUE DIFFERENT CLASSES OF SHARES

Subject to these Articles, but without prejudice to the rights attached to any
existing share, the Company may issue shares with such rights or restrictions as.
may be determined by ordinary resolution.

COMPANY NOT BOUND BY LESS THAN ABSOLUTE INTERESTS,

Except as required by law, no person is to be recognised by the Company as holding
any share upon any trust, and except as otherwise required by law or these Articles,
the


===== page 17 =====
27

28
28.1

28.2

28.3
28.4

28.5

29
29.1

29.2

30
30.1

30.2

Company is not in any way to be bound by or recognise any interest in a share other
than the holder’s absolute ownership of it and all the rights attaching toit.

RIGHTS DEEMED NOT VARIED

Unless otherwise expressly provided by the rights attached to any class of shares,
those rights shall be deemed not to be varied by the purchase by the Company of any
of its own shares.

SHARE CERTIFICATES

The Company must issue each shareholder, free of charge, with one or more
share certificates in respect of the shares which that shareholder holds.

Every share certificate mustspecify:

28.2.1 in respect of how many shares, of what class, it is issued;

28.2.2 the nominal value of those shares;

28.2.3 the shares are fully paid; and

28.2.4 any distinguishing numbers assigned tothem.

No share certificate may be issued in respect of shares of more than oneclass.

If more than one person holds a share, only one share certificate may be issued in
respect of it.

Share certificates must:
28.5.1 have affixed to them the Company’s common seal; or
28.5.2 be otherwise executed in accordance with the Companies Acts.

REPLACEMENT SHARE CERTIFICATES
If a share certificate issued in respect of a shareholder's sharesis:
29.1.1 damaged or defaced; or

29.1.2 said to be lost, stolen or destroyed, that shareholder is entitled to be issued
with a replacement share certificate in respect of the sameshares.

A shareholder exercising the right to be issued with such a replacement share
certificate:

29.2.1 may at the same time exercise the right to be issued with a single share
certificate or separate share certificates;

29.2.2 must return the share certificate which is to be replaced to the Company if it
is damaged or defaced; and

29.2.3 must comply with such conditions as to evidence or indemnity as the
directors decide.

SHARE TRANSFERS

in these Articles, reference to the transfer of a share includes the transfer,
assignment or other disposal of a beneficial or other interest in that share, or the
creation of a trust or encumbrance over that share, and reference to a share includes
a beneficial or other interest in a share.

Shares may be transferred by means of an instrument of transfer in the usual form or
any other form approved by the directors, which is executed by or on behalf of the
transferor.


===== page 18 =====
30.3

30.4
30.5

30.6

30.7

3
314

31.3

31.4

31.6

31.7

32
32.4

32.2

32.3

32.4

No fee may be charged for registering any instrument of transfer or other document
relating to or affecting the title to anyshare.

The Company may retain any instrument of transfer which is registered.

The transferor remains the holder of a share until the transferee's name is entered in
the register of members as holder of it.

The directors may refuse to register the transfer of a share, and if they do so, the
instrument of transfer must be returned to the transferee with the notice of refusal
unless they suspect that the proposed transfer may be fraudulent.

Where the Company is a subsidiary company, no transfer of a share shall be
registered without the prior written consent of the Company’s holding company.

TRANSMISSION OF SHARES

If title to a share passes to a transmittee, the Company may only recognise the
transmittee as having any title to thatshare.

A transmittee who produces such evidence of entitlement to shares as the directors

may properly require:

31.2.1 may, subject to these Articles, choose either to become the holder of
those shares or io have them transferred to another person; and

31.2.2 subject to these Articles, and pending any transfer of the shares to
another person, has the same rights as the holderhad.

Transmittees do not have the right to attend or vote at a general meeting, or agree
to a proposed written resolution, in respect of shares to which they are entitled, by
reason of the holder’s death or bankruptcy or otherwise, unless they become the
registered holders of those shares.

Transmittees who wish to become the holders of shares to which they have become
entitled must notify the Company in writing of that wish.

If the transmittee wishes to have a share transferred to another person, the
transmittee must execute an instrument of transfer in respect of it.

Any transfer made or executed under this article is to be treated as if it were made or
executed by the person from whom the transmittee has derived rights in respect of
the share, and as if the event which gave rise to the transmission had not occurred.

If a notice is given to a shareholder in respect of shares and a transmittee is entitled
to those shares, the transmittee is bound by the notice if it was given to the
shareholder before the transmittee’s name has been entered in the register of
members.

PROCEDURE FOR DECLARING DIVIDENDS

The Company may by ordinary resolution declare dividends, and the directors may
decide to pay interim dividends.

A dividend must not be declared unless the directors have made a recommendation
as to its amount. Such a dividend must not exceed the amount recommended by the
directors.

No dividend may be declared or paid unless it is in accordance with shareholders’
respective rights as set out (if any) in Schedule A of ihese Articles.

Unless the shareholders’ resolution to declare or directors’ decision to pay a dividend,
or the terms on which shares are issued, specify otherwise, it must be paid by
reference to each shareholder’s holding of shares on the date of the resolution or
decision to dectare or payit.

12


===== page 19 =====
32.5

32.6

32.7

32.8

32.9

32.10

32.11

33
33.1

33.2

34
341

If the Company's share capital is divided into different classes, no interim dividend
may be paid on shares carrying deferred or non-preferred rights if, at the time of
payment, any preferential dividend is inarrears.

The directors may pay at intervals any dividend payable at a fixed rate if it appears to
them that the profits available for distribution justify the payment.

If the directors act in good faith, they do not incur any liability to the holders of shares
conferring preferred rights for any loss they may suffer by the lawful payment of an
interim dividend on shares with deferred or non-preferred rights.

Subject to the provisions of the Act and this article 32, the directors may from time to
time decide to declare dividends in any currency they deem appropriate at such time.

Subject to article 32.3, where the Company has two or more share classes, the
directors may resolve to pay an interim dividend on one or more classes of shares
and not one or other classes, and may differentiate between such classes as to the
amount of dividend payable.

Subject to article 32.3, where the Company has two or more share classes, the
Company may, by ordinary resolution, resolve to declare a dividend on one or more
classes of shares and not on one or other classes, and may differentiate between
such classes as to the amount of dividend payable.

Subject to article 32.3, all dividends must be declared and paid according to the
amounts paid up on the shares on which the dividend is paid; and apportioned and
paid proportionately to the amounts paid up on the shares during any portion or
Portions of the period in respect of which the dividend is paid.

PAYMENT OF DIVIDENDS AND OTHER DISTRIBUTIONS

Where a dividend or other sum which is a distribution is payable in respect of a share,
it must be paid by one or more of the followingmeans:

33.1.1. transfer to a bank or building society account specified by the distribution
recipient either in writing or as the directors may otherwisedecide;

33.1.2 sending a cheque made payable to the distribution recipient by post to the
distribution recipient at the distribution recipient's registered address (if the
distribution recipient is a holder of the share), or (in any other case) to an
address specified by the distribution recipient either in writing or as the
directors may otherwise decide;

33.1.3. sending a cheque made payable to such person by post to such person at
such address as the distribution recipient has specified either in writing or as
the directors may otherwise decide; or

33.1.4 any other means of payment as the directors agree with the distribution
recipient either in writing or by such other means as the directors decide.

In these Articles, “the distribution recipient" means, in respect of a share in respect
of which a dividend or other sum is payable:

33.2.1 the holder of the share; or

33.2.2. if the share has two or more joint holders, whichever of them is named first in
the register of members; or

33.2.3. if the holder is no longer entitled to the share by reason of death or
bankruptcy, or otherwise by operation of law, the transmittee.

NO INTEREST ON DISTRIBUTIONS

The Company may not pay interest on any dividend or other sum payable in respect
of a share unless otherwise provided by:

13


===== page 20 =====
35
35.1

35.2

35.3

36
36.1

36.2

37
37.1

34.1.1 the terms on which the share was issued; or

34.1.2 the provisions of another agreement between the halder of that share and the
Company.

UNCLAIMED DISTRIBUTIONS.

All dividends or other sums which are:

35.1.1 payable in respect of shares; and

35.1.2 unclaimed after having been declared or become payable,

may be invested or otherwise made use of by the directors for the benefit of the
Company until claimed.

The payment of any such dividend or other sum into a separate account does not
make the Company a trustee in respect ofit.

If:

35.3.1 twelve years have passed from the date on which a dividend or other sum
became due for payment; and

35.3.2 the distribution recipient has not claimedit,

the distribution recipient is no longer entitled to that dividend or other sum and it
ceases to remain owing by the Company.

NON-CASH DISTRIBUTIONS

Subject to the terms of issue of the share in question, the Company may, by ordinary
resolution on the recommendation of the directors, decide to pay all or part of a
dividend or other distribution payable in respect of a share by transferring non-cash
assets of equivalent value (including, without limitation, shares or other securities in
any company).

For the purposes of paying a non-cash distribution, the directors may make whatever
arrangements they think fit, including, where any difficulty arises regarding the
distribution:

36.2.1 fixing the value of any assets;

36.2.2 paying cash to any distribution recipient on the basis of that value in order to
adjust the rights of recipients; and

36.2.3 vesting any assets in trustees.

WAIVER OF DISTRIBUTIONS

Distribution recipients may waive their entittement to a dividend or other distribution
payable in respect of a share by giving the Company notice in writing to that effect,
but if:

37.1.1 the share has more than one holder; or

37.1.2 more than one person is entitled to the share, whether by reason of the
death; or

37.1.3. bankruptcy of one or more joint holders, or otherwise,

the notice is not effective unless it is expressed to be given, and signed, by all the
holders or persons otherwise entitled to the share.

14


===== page 21 =====
38.2

38.3

38.4

38.5

39
39.1

39.2

39.3

39.4

39.5

AUTHORITY TO CAPITALISE AND APPROPRIATION OF CAPITALISED SUMS

Subject to these Articles, the directors may, if they are so authorised by an
ordinary resolution:

38.1.1 decide to capitalise any profits of the Company (whether or not they are
available for distribution) which are not required for paying a preferential
dividend, or any sum standing to the credit of the Company's share premium
account or capital redemption reserve; and

38.1.2 appropriate any sum which they so decide to capitalise in accordance with
article 38.1.1 (Capitalised Sums) to the persons who would have been
entitled to it if it were distributed by way of dividend (Persons Entitled) and
in the same proportions of their respective rights.

Capitalised Sums must be applied:
38.2.1 on behalf of the persons entitled; and
38.2.2 in the same proportions as a dividend would have been distributed to them.

Any Capitalised Sum may be applied in paying up new shares of a nominal amount
equal to the Capitalised Sum which are then allotted credited as fully paid to the
persons entitled or as they may direct.

A Capitalised Sum which was appropriated from profits available for distribution may
be applied in paying up new debentures of the Company which are then allotted
credited as fully paid to the persons entitled or as they may direct.

Subject to these Articles the directors may:

38.5.1 apply Capitalised Sums in accordance with articles 38.3 and 38.4 partly in
one way and partly in another;

38.5.2 make such arrangements as they think fit to deal with shares or debentures
becoming distributable in fractions under this article (including the issuing of
fractional certificates or the making of cash payments); and

38.5.3 authorise any person to enter into an agreement with the Company on behalf
of ail the persons entitled which is binding on them in respect of the allotment
of shares and debentures to them under this article.

ATTENDANCE AND SPEAKING AT GENERAL MEETINGS

A person is able to exercise the right to speak at a general meeting when that person
is in a position to communicate to all those attending the meeting, during the meeting,
any information or opinions which that person has on the business of themeeting.

A person is able to exercise the right to vote at a general meeting when:

39.2.1 that person is able to vote, during the meeting, on resolutions put to the vote
at the meeting; and

39.2.2 that person’s vote can be taken into account in determining whether or not
such resolutions are passed at the same time as the votes of all the other
persons attending the meeting.

The directors may make whatever arrangements they consider appropriate to enable
those attending a general meeting to exercise their rights to speak or vote at it.

In determining attendance at a general meeting, it is immaterial whether any two or
more members attending it are in the same place as eachother.

Two or more persons who are not in the same place as each other attend a general
meeting if their circumstances are such that if they have (or were to have) rights to
speak and vote at that meeting, they are (or would be) able to exercise them.


===== page 22 =====
40 QUORUM FOR GENERAL MEETINGS

40.1 No business other than the appointment of the chairman of the meeting is to be
transacted at a general meeting if the persons attending it do not constitute a quorum.

40.2 Where the Company has a sole member for the time being who is entitled to vote on
the business to be transacted at a general meeting, that member either present in
person or by proxy, or in the case of a corporate member, by one or more corporate
representatives, shall constitute a validquorum.

40.3. Where the Company has two or more members who are entitled to vote on the
business to be transacted at a general meeting, two such members either present in
person or by proxy or proxies shall constitute a valid quorum.

a1 CHAIRING GENERAL MEETINGS

41.1 If the directors have appointed a chairman, the chairman shall chair general
meetings if present and willing to do so.

41.2 If the directors have not appointed a chairman, or if the chairman is unwilling to chair
the meeting or is not present within ten minutes of the time at which a meeting was
due to start:

41.2.1 the directors present; or
41.2.2 (if no directors are present), the meeting,

must appoint a director or sharehoider to chair the meeting, and the appointment of
the chairman of the meeting must be the first business of the meeting.

41.3. The person chairing a meeting in accordance with this article is referred to as “the
chairman of the meeting’.

42 ATTENDANCE AND SPEAKING BY DIRECTORS AND NON-SHAREHOLDERS

42.1 Directors may attend and speak at general meetings, whether or not they are
shareholders.

42.2 The chairman of the meeting may permit other persons who are not:
42.2.1 shareholders of the Company; or

42.2.2 otherwise entitled to exercise the rights of shareholders in relation to general
meetings,

to attend and speak at a general meeting.

43 ADJOURNMENT

43.41 If the persons attending a general meeting within half an hour of the time at which the
meeting was due to start do nat constitute a quorum, or if during a meeting a quorum
ceases to be present, the chairman of the meeting must adjourn it.

43.2 The chairman of the meeting may adjourn a general meeting at which a quorumis.
present if:

43.2.1 the meeting consents to an adjournment; or

43.2.2 it appears to the chairman of the meeting that an adjournment is necessary to
protect the safety of any person attending the meeting or ensure that the
business of the meeting is conducted in an orderly manner.

43.3 The chairman of the meeting must adjourn a general meeting if directed to do soby
the meeting.

43.4. When adjourning a general meeting, the chairman of the meeting must:


===== page 23 =====
43.5

43.6

44.4

44.2

45
45.1

45.2

46
46.1

46.2

46.3

46.4

43.4.1 either specify the time and place to which it is adjourned or state that it is to
continue at a time and place to be fixed by the directors; and

43.4.2 have regard to any directions as to the time and place of any adjournment
which have been given by the meeting.

if the continuation of an adjourned meeting is to take piace more than 14 days after it
was adjourned, the Company must give at least 7 clear days’ notice of it (that is,
excluding the day of the adjourned meeting and the day on which the notice is
given):

43.5.1 to the same persons to whom notice of the Company's general meetings is
required to be given; and

43.5.2 containing the same information which such notice is required tocontain.

No business may be transacted at an adjourned general meeting which could not
properly have been transacted at the meeting if the adjournment had not taken place.

VOTING AT GENERAL MEETINGS

A resolution put to the vote of a general meeting must be decided on a show of hands
unless a poll is duly demanded in accordance with these Articles.

On a vote on a resolution on a show of hands at a general meeting every shareholder
entitled to vote (whether present in person or by one or more proxies, or in the case
of a corporate member, by one or more corporate representatives) has one vote.

ERRORS AND DISPUTES

No objection may be raised to the qualification of any person voting at a general
meeting except at the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the vote objected to is
tendered, and every vote not disallowed at the meeting is valid.

Any such objection must be referred to the chairman of the meeting, whose decision
is final.

POLL VOTES
A poll on a resolution may be demanded:
46.1.1 in advance of the general meeting where it is to be put to the vote; or

46.1.2 ata general meeting, either before a show of hands on that resolution or
immediately after the result of a show of hands on that resolution is declared.

A poll may be demanded by:

46.2.1 the chairman of the meeting;

46.2.2 the directors;

46.2.3 two or more persons having the right to vote on the resolution; or

46.2.4 a person or persons representing not less than one tenth of the total voting
rights of all the shareholders having the right to vote on theresolution.

A demand for a poll may be withdrawn if:
46.3.1 the poll has not yet been taken; and
46.3.2 the chairman of the meeting consents to the withdrawal.

Polls must be taken immediately and in such manner as the chairman of the meeting
directs.

7


===== page 24 =====
47
4741

47.2

47.3

47.4

48.1

48.2

48.3

48.4

49
49.1

49.2

CONTENT OF PROXY NOTICES
Proxies may only validly be appointed by a notice in writing (Proxy Notice) which:
47.1.1 states the name and address of the shareholder appointing the proxy;

47.1.2 identifies the person appointed to be that shareholder's proxy and the general
meeting in relation to which that person is appointed;

47.1.3. is signed by or on behalf of the shareholder appointing the proxy, or is
authenticated in such manner as the directors may determine; and

47.1.4 is delivered to the Company in accordance with these Articles and any
instructions contained in the notice of the general meeting to which they
relate.

The Company may require Proxy Notices to be delivered in a particular form, and
may specify different forms for different purposes.

Proxy Notices may specify how the proxy appointed under them is to vote (or that the
proxy is to abstain from voting) on one or moreresolutions.

Unless a Proxy Notice indicates otherwise, it must be treatedas:

47.4.1 allowing the person appointed under it as a proxy discretion as to how to vote
on any ancillary or procedural resolutions put to the meeting, and

47.4.2 appointing that person as a proxy in relation to any adjournment of the
general meeting to which it relates as well as the meeting itself.

DELIVERY OF PROXY NOTICES

A person who is entitled to attend, speak or vote {either on a show of hands or ona
poll) at a general meeting remains so entitled in respect of that meeting or any
adjournment of it, even though a valid Proxy Notice has been delivered to the
Company by or on behalf of thatperson.

An appointment under a Proxy Notice may be revoked by delivering to the Company
a Notice in writing given by or on behalf of the person by whom or on whose behalf
the Proxy Notice was given.

A notice revoking a proxy appointment only takes effect if it is delivered before the
start of the meeting or adjourned meeting to which itrelates.

If a Proxy Notice is not executed by the person appointing the proxy, it must be
accompanied by written evidence of the authority of the person who executed it to
execute it on the appointor’s behalf.

AMENDMENTS TO RESOLUTIONS

An ordinary resolution to be proposed at a general meeting may be amended by
ordinary resolution if:

49.1.1 notice of the proposed amendment is given to the Company in writing by a
person entitled to vote at the general meeting at which it is to be proposed
not less than 48 hours before the meeting is to take place (or such later time
as the chairman of the meeting may determine); and

49.1.2 the proposed amendment does not, in the reasonable opinion of the
chairman of the meeting, materially alter the scope of the resolution.

A special resolution to be proposed at a general meeting may be amended by
ordinary resolution, if:

49.2.1 the chairman of the meeting proposes the amendment at the general meeting
at which the resolution is to be proposed, and


===== page 25 =====
49.3

50
50.1

50.2

50.3

51
51.1
51.2

51.3

52

53

54
54.1

49.2.2 the amendment does not go beyond what is necessary to correct a
grammatical or other non-substantive error in the resolution.

\f the chairman of the meeting, acting in good faith, wrongly decides that an
amendment to a resolution is out of order, the chairman’s error does not invalidate
the vote on that resolution.

MEANS OF COMMUNICATION TO BE USED

Subject to these Articles, anything sent or supplied by or to the Company under
these Articles may be sent or supplied in any way in which the Act provides for
documents or information which are authorised or required by any provision of that
Act to be sent or supplied by or to the Company.

Subject to these Articles, any notice or document to be sent or supplied to a director
in connection with the taking of decisions by directors may also be sent or supplied
by the means by which that director has asked to be sent or supplied with such
notices or documents for the time being.

Adirector may agree with the Company that notices or documents sent to that
director in a particular way are to be deemec to have been received within a specified
time of their being sent, and for the specified time to be less than 48 hours.

COMPANY SEALS
Any common seal may only be used by the authority of the directors.

The directors may decide by what means and in what form any common seal is to be
used.

Unless otherwise decided by the directors, if the Company has a common seal and it
is affixed to a document, that document must also be signedby:

51.3.1 one director and the secretary of the Company;
51.3.2 two directors; or

51.3.3 one director in the presence of a witness who confirms the signature of the
director.

NO RIGHTS TO INSPECT ACCOUNTS AND OTHER RECORDS

Except as provided by law or authorised by the directors or an ordinary resolution of
the Company, no person is entitled to inspect any of the Company’s accounting or
other records or documents merely by virtue of being a shareholder.

PROVISION FOR EMPLOYEES ON CESSATION OF BUSINESS

The directors may decide to make provision for the benefit of persons employed or
formerly employed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries (other than a director or
former director or shadow director) in connection with the cessation or transfer to any
person of the whole or part of the undertaking of the Company or that subsidiary.

DIRECTORS’ INDEMNITY

Subject to articie 54.2, a relevant director of the Company or an associated company
may be indemnified out of the Company's assets against:

54.1.1 any liability incurred by that director in connection with any negligence,
default, breach of duty or breach of trust in relation to the Company or an
associated company;

19


===== page 26 =====
54.2

54.3

55
56.1

55.2

56

57

54.1.2 any liability incurred by that director in connection with the activities of the
Company or an associated company in its capacity as a trustee of an
occupational pension scheme (as defined in section 235(6) of the
Act); and

54.1.3 any other liability incurred by that director as an officer of the Company or an
associated company.

This article does not authorise any indemnity which would be prohibited or rendered
void by any provision of the Companies Acts or by any other provision of law.

In this article:

54.3.1 companies are associated if one is a subsidiary of the other or both are
subsidiaries of the same body corporate; and

54.3.2 a “relevant director” means any director or former director of the Company or
an associated company.

INSURANCE

The directors may decide to purchase and maintain insurance, at the expense of the
Company, for the benefit of any relevant director in respect of any relevant loss.

In this article:

55.2.1 a “relevant director” means any director or former director of the Company
or an associated company;

55.2.2 a “relevant loss” means any loss or liability which has been or may be
incurred by a relevant director in connection with that director's duties or
powers in relation to the Company, any associated company or any pension
fund or employees’ share scheme of the Company or associated company;
and

55.2.3 companies are associated if one is a subsidiary of the other or both are
subsidiaries of the same body corporate.

WINDING UP

If the Company is wound up, the liquidator may, with the sanction of a special
resolution of the Company and any other sanction required by iaw, divide among the
members in specie the whole or any part of the assets of the Company and may, for
that purpose, value any assets and determine how the division shall be carried out as
between the members or different classes of members, in accordance with these
Articles. The fiquidator may, with the like sanction, vest the whole or any part of the
assets in trustees upon such trusts for the benefit of the members as he may
determine, but no member shall be compelled to accept any assets upon which there
is aliability.

DISTRIBUTION

Save as specified in the specific provisions attached to the shares as set out under
these Articles, on a return of assets on a liquidation, capital reduction, winding up or
other repayment of capital (but excluding a purchase of shares by the Company), the
assels of the Company remaining after paying and discharging the debts and
liabilities of the Company and the costs of winding up, shall be applied to the holders
of the shares in proportion to the nominal amounts paid up or credited as paid up on
such shares.

20


===== page 27 =====
SCHEDULE A
SHARE DETAILS

Ordinary Shares of £0.001 each:
General:

The ordinary shares of £0.001 each rank pari passu in ail respects with each otherand have
attached to them full voting, dividend, and capital distribution (including on winding up) rights.
They do not confer any rights ofredemption.

Voting:

The holders of the ordinary shares of £0.001 each shall be entitled to one vote per shareon a
poll or on a written resolution.

Ordinary Shares of £0.50 each:
General:

The ordinary shares of £0.50 each rank pari passu in all respects with each otherand have
attached to them full voting, dividend, and capital distribution (including on winding up) rights.
They do not confer any rights ofredemption.

Voting:

The halders of the ordinary shares of £0.50 each shall be entitled to one vote per shareona
poll or on a written resolution.

Preferred Ordinary Shares of £0.001 each:
General:

The preferred ordinary shares of £0.001 each rank pari passu in all respects with each other
and have attached to them full voting, dividend, and capital distribution (including on winding
up) rights. They do not confer any rights ofredemption.

Voting:

The holders of the preferred ordinary shares of £0.001 each shall be entitled to one vote per
share on a poll or on a written resolution.

Rights on Liquidation

On a sale or flotation of the Company, a sale of the business of the Company or a
liquidation of the Company, the proceeds available to shareholders will be divided pari
passu in all respects with all holders of shares.

24
