

===== page 1 =====
SL aoe

*AAOIII3M
M2 18/03/2021 #178
: ANIES HOUSE

COMP)


===== page 2 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
7 months to 31 March 2020

Contents ‘

‘Company information 1

Strategic report 2

Directors’ report : 3

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the Strategic report and the Directors’ report and the financial,

‘statements:

Independent Auditor's Report to the Members of Obsidian Solutions Limited 6

Profit and Loss Account : 8

Balance Sheet 9

Statement of Changes in Equity 10

Notes in


===== page 3 =====
Company Information

Directors

Company number

Registered office

Auditor

Banker

Obsidian Solutions Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements,
7 months to 31 March 2020

ENB Fraser (Appointed 9 November 2019)
JC Paton (Appointed 9 November 2019)
LRadenovie

N Spencer (Appointed 9 November 2019)
RB Hart (Resigned 9 November 2019)

$ Skerletovie (Resigned 9 November 2019)

09737564

60 Gresham Street
London
EC2V 7BB

KPMG LLP

St Nicholas-House
31 Park Row
Nottingham

NGI 6FQ

SVB Bank
Alphabeta

14-18 Finsbury Squaré
London

EC2A 1BR

Page |


===== page 4 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
Mm . Annual report and financial statements
, ‘ 7 months to 31 March 2020

Strategic report

Business review

During the shortened 7 month period to 31 March 2020 (FY 20'), 100% of the issuiéd share tapital of the Company was acquired by Alpha Financial
Markets Consulting Group Limited, whose ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, is a leading global provider of specialist
consultancy services to the assct and wealth management industry. The Company has achicved revenuc in the period of £286,000 (FY 19: £582,000),
and a profit after tax of £20,000 (FY 19: profits of £170,000) refiective of the one-off costs relating to the integration of the Companys product,
offering inthe period. The addition of the Company to the Alpha Group” extends and strongly complements its technology and data proposition and
has been successfully integrated.

Future developments

‘The business plan developed by the Directors in light of the ongoing outbreak of COVID-19 in the UK expected an anticipated drop in revenue
generation in the carly months of FY 21 with an expected period of recovery subsequently and a return to more normal trading conditions in FY 22.
‘The Company has retained a relatively good pipeline of core work through the carly months of FY 21 despite measures put in place relating to the
pandemic. Looking forward, the Company is expected to continue to grow through working closely with Alpha Data Solutions Ltd, and drawing on
the clicnt relationships of the wider Alpha Group.

Key performance indicators .

‘The Directors monitor performance on both a weekly and a monthly basis using a range of financial and non-financial metrics. Working capital
management is the primary indicator which is reviewed on a weekly basis to monitor cashflow, liquidity and the recovery of trade receivables.

Each month the Directors review the management accounts for each Group undertaking and compare actual performance against budget. Costs and
utilisation are also reviewed to monitor profitability.

Principal risks and uncertainties

‘The performance of the Company in the short-term is subject to uncertainty arising from the macro-economic impact of the COVID-19 outbreak,
however the future pipeline and integration opportunitics for the Companys products within the Alpha Group is considered relatively strong despite
the uncertainty. Management continue to operate conservative cash management policies, which have becn supplemented by strategic decisions
‘made to safeguard liquidity during the pandemic, as described beiow. The Directors are satisfied with performance for the year.

Risk Management and the impact of COVID-19

‘The Directors note that the World Health Organisation declared a pandemic relating to COVID-19 cn 11 March 2020, and social distancing
measures were introduced in the UK during March 2020. The Directors have therefore considered the impact of the pandemic on the Company's
opcrations, with a focus primarily on the Company's going concer assessment, forward looking forecasts and recoverability of asscts, including the
Company’ trade receivables.

‘The Directors have taken mitigating actions designed to manage the risk and reflect the uncertainty associated with the pandemic and protect the
balance sheet and maintain a strong liquidity position. Actions taken include the delay of profit share payments to employees, and delays to all but
‘essential recruitment processes in the short-term.

Further, the Alpha Group has taken the decision not to pay a final divislend for.the year ended 31 March 2020 in order to protect the Group's cash
position in the short-term. The Group's revolving credit facility (RCF) has also been extended in Junc 2020 to provide additional liquidity headroom
to the Group in light of uncertainty in the market in the short-term.

‘The Directors and the executive team continue to monitor the geopolitical developments surrounding the UK's decision-to leave the European-Union
("Brexit") closely. The Company has assessed that Brexit has not had a material direct impact on its ongoing growth and development of the
business, given arrangements between the UK and EU countries, and its network of offices across Europe. The impact of Brexit on the business has
been a short-term delay to cfgnt decision making, which is not expected to have any adverse effects over the medium term. The impact of Brexit has

‘FY 20 isthe financial year covering the 7 months to 31 March 2020. Ry eamparison, FY 19 ic the previous financial year covering the 12 months to 31 August 2019;
FY 21 is the subsequent financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2021; and F'Y 22 isthe subsequent financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2022.

2 Group refers to the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple nd its subsi

Page 2


===== page 5 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
7 months to 31 March 2020

Directors’ report

‘The Directors present their report and the audited financial statements for the seven months ended 31 March 2020.

Principal activities .
‘The principal activity of the Company continued to be the development of softwaré and related services for the asset management industry.
Results and dividend ‘

‘The results for the year are set out in the attached profit and loss account.

For further information on the likely future developments of the business, please refer to the Strategic report.

After deducting taxation, a £20,000 profit was transferred to reserves (FY 19: profit of £170,000).

Directors :

‘The Directors who held office during the year were as follows:

ENB Fraser (Appointed 9 November 2019)
IC Paton (Appointed 9 November 2019)

L Radenovie :
N Spencer (Appointed 9 November 2019)
RB Hart (Resigned 9 November 2019)

S Skerletovic (Resigned 9 November 2019)

Political contributions :
‘The Company made no political donations or incurred any political expenditure during the year.

Employee involvement
“Ihe health and welfare of the Company's employees remains a key priority for the Directors. The Company has the intent to attract, recruit, develop
and retain key employees, and the Company maintains policies and procedures on the Group intranet, with access to this documentation provided to
‘employees via the Companys Human Resources department. Appropriate education, training and development opportunities are provided to all
‘employees to encourage continuous development, and employees are kept abreast of key financial and economic updates on the Company's
performance and other matters on a regular basis, and in monthly meetings hosted by senior management, where employees have an opportunity to
raise questions or provide feedback.

It is the Companys policy to give full and fair consideration to all applications for employment including from disabled people, having regard to
their abilities and aptitudes. Full consideration is given to continuing the employment of staff who become disabled, including considering them for
‘other reasonable positions and arranging appropriate training where required, The Company aims to provide an inclusive environment for all
‘employees, regardless of sex, marital status, race, nationality, age, sexual orientation or religion.

Engagement with suppliers and customers

‘The Directors note the importance of fostering strong relationships with the Company's customers and suppliers through open communication and
having regard for these relationships in strategic decisions made relating to the Company.

Disclosure of information to auditor
The Directors who held office at the date of approval of this Directors’ report confirm that, so far as they are each aware, there is no relevant audit
information of which the Company's auditor is unaware; and each Director has taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as a Director to
‘make themselves aware of any relevant audit information and to estebiish that the Company's auditor is aware of that information.

Page 3


===== page 6 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
7 months to 31 March 2020

Directors’ report (continued)

Auditor
Pursuant to Scction 485 of the Companies Act 2006, KPMG LLP were appointed by the Directors of the Company as auditor for the 7 month period
to 31 March 2020. The Directors note that the external auditor has issued a qualified opinion on these financial statements as a result of the
acquisition of the Company by the Alpha Group in FY 20 and the practicalities associated with the audit of pre-acquisition financial information.
“The Directors note that this is only to be applied in the year of acquisition and thereafter the Company will issue fully audited financial results from
FY 21 onwards. Please refer to the Independent Auditor's Report on pg, 6 for further details of this qu:

15 March 2021

Page 4


===== page 7 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
7 months to 31 March 2020

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the Strategic report and the Directors’
report and the financial statements

‘The Directors are responsible for preparing the Strategic Report and the Directors’ Report and the financial statements in accordance with applicable
Taw and regulations.
Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law they have elected to prepare the financial
statements in accordance with UK accounting standards and applicable law (UK Generally Accepted Accounting Practice), including FRS 101
Reduced Disclosure Framework. :
Under Company law the Directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state
of affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for that period. tm preparing these financial statements, the Directors are required
to:

+ select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;

+ make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

* state whether applicable UK accounting standards have been followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in
the financial statements; :
+ assess the Company's ability to continue as a going concem, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concer; and
« use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations or have no realistic,
alternative but to do so.
‘The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the Company's transactions and
disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply
with the Companies Act 2006. They are responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to cnable the preparation of financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether duc to fraud or error, and have gencral responsibility for taking such steps as are
reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the Company and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities,

Page §


===== page 8 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
7 months to 31 March 2020

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Obsidian Solutions Limited

Qualification and disclaimer of opinion

We were engaged to audit the financial statements of Obsidian Solutions Limited (“the Company”) for the 7 month period ended 31 March 2020
‘which comprise the balance sheet, profit and loss account and statement of changes in equity and related notes, including the accounting policies in
note 1. ‘

In our opinion, except for the possible effect solely on the comparative information for the year ended 31 August 2019 of the matter described in the
basis for modification of opinion section of our repor, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs as at 31
March 2020. :

Due to the significance of the matter described in the basis for the modification of opinion section of our report, we have not been able to obtain
sufficient appropriate audit evidence to provide a basis for an audit opinion, and accordingly we do not express an opinion, as to whether the
financial statements:

* give a truc and fair view of the Company's profit for.the 7 month pcriod cnded 31 March 2020;
« have been properly prepared in accordance with UK accounting standards including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework; and
‘* have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for modification of opinion

‘The audit evidence available to us was limited because adequate accounting records were not kept prior to the Company's acquisition by Alpha
Financial Markets Consulting Plc in November 2019. Owing to a change in personne! at the Company following the acquisition and the nature of
the company's records, we were unable to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the amounts in the balance sheet as at 31 August
2019 and the amounts in the profit and loss account for the 7 month period ended 31 March 2020. Any adjustments would have a consequential
effect on the company’s net assets as at 31 August 2019 and on its profit for the year ended 31 August 2019 and the 7 month period ended 31 March
2020. Nevertheless, we believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis for our qualified opinion on the state of
the Company's affairs as at 31 March 2020.

Going concern
“The directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concern basis as they do not intend to liquidate the Company or to cease its
‘operations, and as they have concluded that the Company’s financial position means that this is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no
‘material uncertainties that could have cast significant doubt over its ability to continue as a going concern for at least a year from the date of
approval of the financial statements (“the going concem period”).

We are required to report to you if we have concluded that the use of the going concern basis of accounting is inappropriate or there is an
undisclosed material uncertainty that may cast significant doubt over the use of that basis for a period of at least a year from the date of approval of
the financial statements. In our evaluation of the directors’ conclusions, we considered the inherent risks to the Company's business model and
analysed how those risks might affect the Company's financial resources or ability to continue operations over the going concern period. We have
nothing to report in these respects. :

However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in outcomes that are inconsistent with judgements
that were reasonable at the time they were made, the absence of reference to a material uncertainty in this auditor's report is not a guarantee that the
Company will continue in operation.

Strategic report and Directors? report
‘The directors are responsible for the Strategic report and the Directors’ report. Our opinion on the financial statements docs not cover those reports

and we do not express an audit opinion thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the Strategic report and the Directors’ report and, in doing so, consider whether, based on our financial statements audit
work, the information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with the financial statements or our audit knowledge.

Due to the significance of the matters described in the basis for modification of opinion paragraph, and the consequential effect on the related
disclosures in the Strategic Report and Directors’ Repor. although in our opinion the information given in the Strategic Report and the Directors”
Report for the financial year is consistent with the financial statements, we do not express an opinion on the preparation of those report in
accordance with the Companies Act 2006 or whether we have identified material misstatements in those reports.
Matters on which we are required to report by exception
In respect solely of the limitation on our work referred to above:

* we have not obtained all the information and explanations that we considered necessary for the purpose of our audit;

* in our opinion, adequate accounting records have not been kept; and

* we were unable to determine whether the financial statements are in agreement with the accounting records and returns.

We have nothing to report in respect ofthe following matters where the Companies Act 2006 requires us to report to yo

our opinion:
«+ retums adequate for our audit have not been received from branches not visited by us; or

* certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made,

Page 6


===== page 9 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
‘Tmonths to 31 March 2020

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Obsidian Solutions Limited (continued)

Other matter - prior period Gnancial statements

‘We note that the prior period financial statements were not audited. ISAs (UK) roquire the auditor to state that the corresponding figures contained
‘within these financial statements are unaudited. Our opinion is not further modified in respect of this matter.

Directors’ responsibilities ’ .
As explained more fully in their statement set ovt on page 5, the directors arc responsible for: the preparation of the financial statements and for
‘being satisfied that they give a truc and fair view: such internal contol as they determine is nocessary to cnable the preparation of financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error: assessing the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.
disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concem: and using the going concer basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the
Company or to cease operations. or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities
ur responsibility is to conduct an audit of the financial statements in accordance with Intemational Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK"), and
to issue an auditor's report. However, due tothe significance of the matter described in the basis for modification of opinion section of our report,
‘we were not able to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence to provide a basis for an audit opinion on the financial statements other than on the
state of the Company's affairs as at 31 March 2020.

In respect of that qualified opinion, we conducted our audit in accordance with ISAs (UK) and applicable law. Our objectives are to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to
issue our opinion in an auditor's report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance. but does nol guarantce that an audit conducted in
‘accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when itexists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if. individually or in aggregate. they could be to influence the: ic decisions of users taken on the
basis of the financial statements.

is provided on the FRC’s wecbsite ai wivw.fre-org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities.

A fuller description of our responsi
We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under. and are i of the Company in nce with, UK ethical requit including the
FRC Ethical Standard.

The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities
‘This report is made solely to the Company's members, 2s 8 body. in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006. Our audit
‘work tias been undertaken so that we might state to the Company's members thoss manrs we arc required to state to them in an auditor's report and
for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law. we do not secept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the
Company's members, a a body, for our audit work, for this report, or forthe opinions we have formed.

Af

Craig Parkin (Senior Statutory Auditor)

for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
Chanered Accountants

St Nicholas House

31 Park Row

Nottingham

NGI 6FQ

16 March 2021



===== page 10 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
. Annual report and financial statements,
7 months to 31 March 2020

Profit & loss account
‘for the seven month period ended 31 March 2020

Unaudited
: 7 months to 31 year ended 31

Note 7 March 2020 August 2019

. £000 £000

Turnover 2 286 582
Cost of sales (58) ast)
Gross profit . 228 401
Administrative expenses 4,5 (209) (252)
Operating profit 19 149
Other interest receivable and similar income 6 1 3
Profit before taxation : 20 152
Taxation 7 - . 1B
Profit for the financial year . : 20 170

In both the current and preceding year, the Company made no material acquisitions and had no discontinued operations.

‘There were no recognised gains or losses in either the current or preceding year other than those disclosed in the profit and loss account, and.
therefore no separate statement of other comprehensive income has been presented,

* Page 8


===== page 11 =====
‘Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
7 months to 31 March 2020

Balance sheet

As at 31 March 2020
Unaudited
Asat Asat
Note 31 March 2020 31 August 2019
£000 £000 £000 £000
Non-current assets
Tangible fixed assets s 3
s 3
Current assets :
Debtors . 9 487 338
Cash at bank and in hand 358 10
“81s 448
Current liabilities
Creditors: amounts falling due within one year 10 Gan ny
Corporation tax (43) -
‘ (390) (41)
Net current assets 425
Total assets less current liabilities 430
Non-current liabilities

Non-current liabilities " - (120)
Net assets 430

Capital and reserves

Called up share capital 12 - 7
Share premium account 689 569
Profit and loss account, 259) 279)
Shareholders’ funds ‘ 430 290

‘The notes on pages 11-21 form part pf Yhese financial statements. These financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Roard of
rectors on 15 March 2021. They fverelsigned on its behalf by: .

istered number: 09737564.

Page 9


===== page 12 =====
‘Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
7 months to 31 March 2020

Statement of changes in equity

Share ‘Total
Called up premium Profitand shareholders'
share capital account loss account funds
£000 £000 £000 £000
Asat 1 September 2018 : 569 (449) 120
Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit for the period - - 170 170
As at 31 August 2019 : ‘569 (279) 290
As at 1 September 2019 - 569 (279) 290
Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit for the period : - 20 20
Transactions with Owners
Reclassification of preferred ordinary shares” - 120 - 120
Shares issued - + - -
Balance at 31 March 2020 * - 689 (259) 430

> During the period, the Directors have reclassified the amount attributable to the Company's preferred ordinary shares out of non-current liabilities
and in to the share capital and share premium of the Company. Please refer to note 12 for further details.

Page 10


===== page 13 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
7 months to 31 March 2020

Notes
(forming part of the financial statements)

1 Accounting policies

Obsidian Solutions Limited (the “Company”) is a Company limited by shares, domicited and registered in the UK. The registered number is
09737564 and the registered address is 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB.

“These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework (“FRS 101”). The
Company has transitioned from FRS 102 to FRS 101 in the current petiod. Further details of the impact of transition are provided in the ‘Transition »
to FRS 101" section below. ‘

In preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement and disclosure requirements of International Financial
Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU (“Adopted IFRSs"), but makes amendments where necessery in order to comply with Companies Act
2006 and has set out below where advantage of the FRS 101 disclosure exemptions has been taken.

‘The Company's parent undertaking, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, includes the Company in its consolidated financial statements. The
consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc are available to the public and may be obtained from 60 Gresham
Street, London, EC2V 7BB.
In these financial statements, the Company has applied the exemptions available under FRS 101 in respect of the following disclosures:

+ A cash flow statement and related notes; ,

'* Comparative period reconciliations for share capital, tangible fixed assets, intangible assets and investment properties;

* Disclosures in respect of transactions with wholly owned subsidiaries;

+ Disclosures in respect of capital management;

* The effects of new but not yet effective IFRSs;

* Disclosures in respect of the compensation of Key Management Personnel; and

* Disclosures of transactions with a management entity that provides Key management personnel services tothe Company.

As the consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple include the equivalent disclosures, the Company has also taken
the exemptions under FRS 101 available in respect of the following disclosures:

+ TRS 2 Share Based Payments in respect of Group settled share based payments; and

* Certain disclosures required by IFRS 16 Leases in relation to disclosure of the Company's leasing activities.

+ Certain disclosures required by IFRS 3 Business Combinations in respect of business combinations undertaken by the Company.

‘The accounting policies set out below have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods presented in these financial statements.

‘There are no judgements made by the Directors, in the application of these accounting policies that have significant effect on the finan
and estimates with a significant risk of material adjustment in the next year.

statements

Ld Change in accounting reference date

‘Asa result of the acquisition of Obsidian Solutions Limited by Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc during the period, the Directors have
effected a change in the accounting reference date of the Company in order to align with the accounting reference date of the wider Group.
‘The current period consists of the 7 month period from 1 September 2019 to 31 March 2020 in order to effect this change. Therefore, the
comparative results for the 12 month period to 31 August 2019 presented within this set of financial statements do not represent an entirely
comparable set of results.

12 Transition to FRS 101

During the current period, the Company has elected to transition from FRS 102 to FRS 101 following the acquisition of the Company by Alpha
Financial Markets Consulting Plc in the financial year.

+
Impact of transition to FRS 101
‘The Directors have considered the accounting implications of the transition from FRS 102 to FRS 101. There has been no material accounting,
impact on the Company as a result of this transition. The Company have changed the revenue recognition policy as a result of the transition, but the
impact is not material on the comparative period or the opening balance sheet. This change has been applied retrospectively however a third balance
sheet has not been presented due to the immaterial impact noted above. Please refer to section 1.15 for further details.

13 Measurement convention

The financial statements are prepared on the historical cost basis.

Page 11


===== page 14 =====
. Obsidian Solutions Limited
' ‘Annual report and financial statements
a . 7 months to 31 March 2020

Notes (continued) .
1 Accounting policies (continued)

1d Going concern
“The financial statements have been prepared on a going concem basis which the Directors consider to be appropriate for the following reasons:

(@) The Directors have prepared cash flow forecasts for a period of 12 months from the date of approval of these financial statements
which indicate that, taking account of reasonably possible downsides including COVID-19 factors, the Company will have sufficient
funds to meet its liabilities as they fall due for that period.

(b) The Directors are confident that the Company will have sufficient funds to continue to mect its li
months from the date of approval of the financial statements

ies as they fall duc for at least 12

Impact of COVID-19
The Directors note that the World Health Organisation declared a pandemic relating to COVID-19 on 11 March 2020, and social distancing
measures were introduced in the UK during March 2020. Therefore, the Directors have considered the significance of the economic ramifications of
the virus before the end of the Company's financial year and its potential effect on the financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2020. In.
perticular, the Directors have assessed the impact of incorporating additional COVID-19 risk factors in applying downside sensitivities in the going
‘concern assessment over a period of 12 months after the signing of these financial statements. The Directors have also considered the impact of the
pandemic on the expected credit loss calculation on the Company's receivables.

Key assumptions considered by management when assessing going concem include adjusting managements best estimate of forecasted performance
for factors including the length and extent of current lockdown restrictions, the resulting general business environment, the speed of recovery of
trading after lockdown restrictions ease and utilisation of relevant government support schemes. These have been estimated for their respective
impacts on the Company's revenues, fixed and variable costs and resultant expected cash flow requirements.

The Company's forecasts and projections, taking into account reasonable estimate of « possible downturn in trading performance arising from the
COVID-19 outbreak, show that the Company has sufficient financial resources, both from the Company's robust balance sheet and its expected cash
flow generation, sufficient for the going concer period. The Company also has access to additional funding through other Group entities, via the
Group's revolving credit facility and the strength of the Group's cash position at 31 March 2020. Accordingly, the Directors have adopted the going
concem basis in preparing these financial statements.

1s Foreign currency

‘The companys functional and presentational currency is GBP.” a

‘Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the Company's functional currencies at the foreign exchange rate ruling at the date of the
transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the balance sheet date are retranslated to the functional currency at
the foreign exchange rate ruling at that date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency
are translated using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Non-monelary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are
stated at fair value are retranslated to the functional currency at foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates the fair value was determined. Foreign
‘exchange differences arising on translation are recognised in the profit and loss.

16 Financial instruments

‘The Company uses financial instruments comprising cash and cash equivalents, preference shares, loan notes and other short-term instruments, such
as trade payables that arise from its operations. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to fund the Group's business strategy and working
capital requirements. ’

ied below.

Accounting policies in respect of financial instruments are outli

Financial assets
Financial assets are initially measured at fair value plus or minus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction
costs. The Company has not reclassified any financial assets subsequent to initial recognition as at the balance sheet date. Reclassification of classes
of financial assets is accounted for prospectively in accordance with IFRS 9, where this is required. Any difference on reclassification from
amortised cost to fair value through profit or loss is recognised in the profit and loss at the reclassification date.

Financial assets are assessed at cach reporting date to determine a lifetime expected credit loss that reflects the credit risk associated with the
Portfolio of assets. A financial asset is impaired in line with the simplified approach under IFRS 9 which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance,

An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured at amortised cost is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the
present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the asset’s original effective interest rate. For financial instruments measured at cost
less impairment, impairment is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the best estimate of the amount that the Company would
receive for the asset if it were to be sold at the reporting date. Interest on the impairment asset continues to be recognised through the unwinding of
the discount. Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss, When a subsequent event causes the amount of the impairment to decrease, the
decrease in impairment loss is reversed through statement of comprehensive income.

Page 12


===== page 15 =====
°

Obsidian Soh
f ‘Annual report and finan¢
. 7 months to 31 March 2020

Notes (continued) i
1 Accounting policies (continued)

Trade and other debtors :
‘Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less provision for impairment. A
provision for impairment of trade receivables is established when there is Sbjective evidence that the Company will not be able to collect all amounts
‘due according to the original terms of the receivables. The provision is recognised in the income statement as an operating charge.

‘The trade receivables’ balances recorded in the Company’s statement of financial position comprise a relatively small number of large balances and
are held until realised in cash. .

Alpha provides services to customers on credit terms with mainly arrears billing. Cértain receivables may not be paid. The Company applies the
IFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables. To measure
expected credit losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on shared credit characteristics and the days past due. The Company consider
historical loss rates for each ageing category as a starting point for estimating the expected credit loss. This historical loss rate is subsequently
adjusted for macro-economic and customer specific factors of receivables within each ageing category. Characteristics considered by the Company
for these purposes include historical collection experience for each customer, the assessed liquidity of key customers within the receivables balance,
and other relevant macro-economic factors such as COVID-19 and Brexit in order to determine a reasonable and supportable assessment of the
expected lifetime credit risk in the context of the overall year-end trade receivables due.

i

Amounts owed by Group undertakings

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair Value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less provision for
impairment. A provision for impairment of intercompany receivables is established using an expected credit loss model. The Group classifies all
intercompany reccivables that form a part of the nermal trading cycle of the Group as current, as well as non-treding balances where the counterparty
has sufficient resources to settle the balance within a twelve month period from the balance shect date. All other amounts owed by Group
undertakings are considered as non-current assets. This represents a change in accounting policy in the year. All balances were considered current in
the comparative period.

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and call deposits and aré recorded and subsequently measured at amortised cost in line with IFRS
9. . boa

Financial liabitities :
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities designated upon initial
recognition as at fair value through profit or loss. Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are acquired for the purpose of selling
in the near term. This category includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Company that are not designated as hedging instruments
in hedge relationships as defined by IFRS 9. As at 31 March 2020, the Conipany had no such financial liabilities.

Other financial li

ies held by the Group are recognised at amortised cost.

Trade and other creditors

‘Trade and other creditors arc recognised initially at fair value. Subsequent to
effective interest method.

ial recognition they are measured at amortised cost using the

Amounts owed to Group undertakings

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair valuc and subsequently measured at amortised cost.

Leases
Lease liabilities are recognised on the balance sheet at the present value of minimum lease payments. For further information refer to the ‘New
Accounting Standards and interpretations’ section below on the accounting treatment for leases under TFRS 16.

‘Comparative period numbers relating to leases were not restated and continue to be presented under IAS 17. FY 19 rentals paid under operating
leases are charged to the consolidated statement of comprehensive income on a straight-ine basis over the period of the lease. Benefits received and
receivable as an incentive to sign an operating lease are recognised on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease.

Imterest-bearing borrowings

Interest-bearing borrowings are recognised initially at fair valuc less attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, interest-bearing
borrowings are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less any impairment losses.

17 Tangible fixed assets
Tangible fixed assets are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and acchinulated impairment losses.

Depreciation is charged to the profit and loss account on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of cach part of an item of tangible fixed
assets. Land is not depreciated. The estimated useful lives are as follows:

Computer equipment 3 years straight line ‘

Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at-each balance sheet date.

Page 13


===== page 16 =====
1 Obsidian Solutions Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
7 months to 31 March 2020

Notes (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)

18 Impairment

Financial assets (excluding trade and other debtors)
AA financial aséet not carried at fair value through profit or loss is assessed at each reporting date to determine whether there is objective evidence

that itis impaired. A financial asset is impaired if objective evidence indicates that a loss event has occurred after the initial recognition of the asset, .
and that the Joss event had a negative effect on the estimated future cash flows of that asset that can be estimated reliably.

‘An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured at amortised cost is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the
present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the asset’s original effective interest rate, For financial instruments measured at cost
less impairment an impairment is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the best estimate of the amount that the Company
would receive for the assct if it were to be sold at the reporting date. Intefest on the impaired asset continues to be recognised through the unwinding
‘of the discount, When a subsequent event causes the amount of inipairment loss to decrease, the decrease in impairment loss is reversed through
profit or loss.

Non-financial assets
‘The carrying amounts of the entity's non-financial assets, other than deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether
there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the assets’ recoverable amount is estimated. The recoverable amount of an
asset or cash-generating unit is the greater ofits value in use and its fair value, less costs to sell. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash
flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the
risks specific to the asset. . .

For the purposes of impairment testing, asscts that cannot be tested individually arc grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates,
independent cash inflows (the “cash-gencrating unit"); that is, cash inflows from continuing use that arc largely independent of the cash inflows of
‘other assets or groups of assets.

An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable amount, Impairment losses arc
recognised in profit or loss. Impairment losses recognised in respect of CGUs are allocated to reduce the carrying amounts of the assets in the unit
(or group of units) on a pro-rata basis,

‘An impairment loss is reversed if and only if the reasons for the impairment have ceased to apply.

Impairment losses recognised in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indication that the loss has decreased or no longer exists.
‘An impairment loss is only reversed to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been
determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

19 Employee benefits

Defined contribution plans
‘A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which the Coinpany pays fixed contributions into a separate entity and will have
no legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts. Obligations for contributions to defined contribution pension plans are recognised as an
‘expense in the profit and loss account in the periods during which services are rendered by employees.

110 Provisions
A provision is recognised in the balance shcet when the Company ha’ a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past event, that can be
reliably measured and itis probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation. Provisions are determined by

discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects risks specific to the liabi

LI Revenue recognition

‘The Company have implemented a change in accounting policy in the current financial year. For further detail please refer to note 1.15.

112 Expenses

Operating lease payments

In the comparative period ended 31 March 2019, payments (excluding costs for services and insurance) made under operating leases were
recognised in the profit and loss account on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. Lease incentives received were recognised in the profit
and loss account as an integral part of the total lease expense. In the current year IFRS 16 has been adopted on a modified retrospective basis by the
‘Company. Refer to the ‘new accounting standards and interpretations! section below for the accounting treatment of leases in the year ended 31
March 2020.

Page 14


===== page 17 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
a : 7 months to 31 March 2020

Notes (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)

112 Expenses (continued)

Interest receivable and interest payable

Interest payable and similar expenses include interest payable, finance‘expenst: on shares classified as liabilitics, unwinding of the discount on
provisions, and net foreign exchange losses that are recognised in the profit and loss account (see foreign currency accounting policy). Borrowing
costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset that takes a substant 1¢ to be prepared for usc, are
capitalised as part of the cost of that asset. In the comparative period ended 31 March 2019, interest arising from finance leases was recognised in
profit or loss using the effective interest method. In the current year the Company adopted IFRS 16 on a modified retrospective basis. Refer to the
‘new accounting standards and interpretations’ section below for the accounting treatment of leases in the year ended 31 March 2020. Other interest
receivable and similar income include interest receivable on funds invested and net foreign exchange gains.

Interest income and interest payable is recognised in profit or loss as it accrues, using the effective interest method, Dividend income is recognised in
the profit and loss account on the date the entity's right to receive payments is‘established. Foreign currency gains and losses are reported on a net
basis.

113 Taxation !
Tax on the profit or loss for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the profit and loss account except to the extent that it
relates to items recognised direcly inequity or other comprehensive income, in which case it is recognised diretly in equity or other comprehensive
income.

Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or'loss for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the
balance sheet date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

Deferred tax is provided on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the
amounts used for taxation purposes. The following temporary differences are not provided for: the initial recognition of goodwill; the inital
recognition of assets or liabilities that affect neither accounting nor taxable profit other than in a business combination, and differences relating to
‘investments in subsidiaries to the extent that they will probably not reverse in, the foreseeable future. The amount of deferred tax provided is based
on the expected manner of realisation or settlement ofthe carrying amount of assets and liabilities, using tox rates enacted or substantively enacted at
the balance sheet date. pee

A deferred tax asset is recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available.

Lld ‘New accounting standards and interpretations ‘
The International Accounting Standards Board Lied and IFRS Interpretations ‘Committee (IFRIC) have issued the following standards and
interpretations which are now effective:

+ TFRS 16 Leases (IFRS 16); and

‘+ IFRIC 23 Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments (IFRIC 23)

The Directors reviewed the nature and effect that these new standards have had on the Company and do not believe that the impact is material. These
standards have been adopted by the Company:

TFRS 16 — Leases (effective for periods commencing on or after 1 January 2019)

TERS 16 Leases is effective for periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019 and is therefore applicable to the current period. This standard replaces
accounting treatment for leases previously depicted in IAS 17. IFRS 16 introduced a single lessce accounting model whereby a lessee is required to
recognise a right-of-use assct and a leasc liability forall leases with a term of more than 12 months. The depreciation on the right-of-use asset will
be accounted for separately from the interest expense incurred on the lease liability.in the income statement.

Nature of leases within the Company
‘The Company leases office premises for isc in operations. In linc with the practical expedients defined below, all office teases held by the company
are outside of the scope of IFRS 16 in the current and prior period. :

‘The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security inte‘ests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may
not be used as security for borrowing purposes. .

Adoption methodology

‘The Company has adopted IFRS 16 on a modified retrospective approach for transition and has not restated comparative amounts, which are shown
under IAS 17. The Company note that there is no impact of the adoption of TFRS 16 on the Company, as all [cases fall under the permitted practical
‘expedients applied. Consequently there is no right-of-use assct or lease liability recognised as a result of the adoption of IFRS 16.

‘The Company has used the practical expedients permitted by IFRS 16 in relation to accounting for leases with a remaining lease term of less than 12
months as at | April 2019 as ‘short-term leases’, and those with a low value as ‘low value leases’. Consequently, no lease liability or right-of-use
asset was calculated thereon. These leases are expensed in the statement of profit and foss. The Company has also used the practical expedient
permitted by IFRS 16 to apply a single discount rate to a portfolio of leases with reasonably similar characteristics.

Page 15


===== page 18 =====
' Obsidian Solutions Limited
. : Annual report and financial statements
1 7 months to 31 March 2020

Notes (continued) . ue
1 Accounting policies (continued)
Lu New accounting standards and interpretations (continued)

IFRIC 23 - Uncertainty Over Income Tax Treatments (effective for periods commencing on or after 1 January 2019)

‘The IFRIC 23 “Uncertainty Over Income Tax Treatments” interprétatioi is effective-for accounting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019 and
provides further clarification on how to apply the recognition and tmieastrement requirements in IAS 12 ‘Income Taxes’.

IFRIC 23 has not had a material impact on the financial statements for the year endéd 31 March 2020.

‘There are no accounting standards that are not yet cffective that would be expected to have a material impact on the Company in the current or next
reporting periods. :

LIS Changes in accounting policy ‘ .

During the period the Company has reassessed the revenue recognition policy applied due to the transition to FRS 101 from FRS 102 in the period to
align with the requirements of IFRS 15. For the seven months ended 31 March 2020 the Company have applied the following accounting policy
retrospectively for revenue recognition and the associated costs to fulfil. The associated impact on the opening balance shect position and
comparative period PAL is immaterial and therefore no opening balance shest has been presented. The new accounting policy applied by the
Company is as follows: !

Revenue consists of the value of work executed for clients during the year and expenses recharged, exclusive of VAT. Revenue is classified into net
fee income and recharged expenses. Net fee income is measured based on the transaction price allocated to the performance obligation from the sale
‘of goods or provision of services. Net fee income is recognised either at a ‘point in time’ when the performance obligation in the contract has been
performed or ‘over time’ as control of the goods or services are transferred to thé customer. Recharged expenses comprise the recharge of costs
incidental to fulfilling contracts including flights, subsistence and accommodation on which nil or negligible margin is earned by the Company. The
Company delivers services that have no alternative use to Alpha (advice to clients, reports, etc) as the services are specifically tailored to clients
projects and scope of work.

Revenue generated from software licensing, hosting and related support services provided over a contracted period of time is combined and allocated
to a single performance obligation. These contracts arc considered to be satisfied over time, in line with the bencfits being transferred to the
customer. Revenue is recognised on straight-line basis over the contractual licence term.

Implementation services provided by the Company to the customer are classified as either being distinct performance obligations or non-distinct
from the licensing and hosting promises described above, dependent on the fact pattern within the underlying contractual arrangement. The
‘Company considers the level of inter-dependency between the contractual promises, and whether the customer can consume the benefits of the
licence without the implementation service being performed. Where implementation services are required for the customer to use the software, these
services are considered to be non-distinct from the licensing performance obligation. Therefore, the Company accounts for these as a single
performance obligation satisfied over the licence term, as described above. The Company generally considers the initial phase of implementation to
iinet from the associated licence. The Company typically bills and receives cash for these implementation services in advance of the
revenue being recognised, resulting in the recognition of a contract liability .

Costs directly related to non-distinct implementation work that are incurred prior to the commencement of the licence are initially recognised as an
asset within trade and other receivables, and are subsequently amortised through cost of sales on a systematic basis, in lime with the transfer of goods
(or services to the customer.

Other distinct implementation services, as well as separately billable maintenance, support, data assurance and training are treated as separate
performance obligations and revenue is recognised as these services are delivered.

‘Contract modifications relating to the renewal of software licences are accounted for as separate revenue contracts. Other contract modifications are
considered on a case by case basis.

Activity performance recognised as revenue in excess of invoices raised are contract receivables and are included within accrued income, up to the
value of the relevant project delivery milestone, where applicable. On invoicing, the contract reccivable is reclassified to trade receivables. Where
amounts have been invoiced in excess of revenue recognised, the excess is a contract liability and is included within deferred income.

In relation to licencing contracts, billing occurs at the beginning of the contractual licence period or incrementally over the course of the licence, in
line with the contractual terms. For implementation services, billing typically occurs a month in arrears in line with a contractually agreed schedule.

Revenue is wholly attributable to the principal activities of the Company. For all revenue types, payment is typically due between 30 end 60 days
after the invoice date or receipt of invoice, depending on the client and geography.



===== page 19 =====
‘Obsidian Solutions Limited
- Annual report and financial statements

. : 7 months to 31 March 2020
Notes (continued)
2 Turnover
FY 20 FY 19
£000 £000
Rendering of services $82
FY 20 FY 19
£000 £000
By acti
Licensing and implementation of software and associated services 286 582
3 Auditor's remuneration
‘ FY 20 FY19
: . £000 £000

Audit of these financial statements

Amounts reccivable by the Company's auditor and its associates in respect of services to the Company and its associates, other than the audit of the
Company's financial statements, have not been disclosed as the information is required instead to be disclosed on a consolidated basis in the
consolidated financial statements of the Company's parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple.

4 Staff numbers and costs

‘The average number of persons employed by the Company (including Directors) during the year, analysed by category, was as follows:

Number of employees

FY 20 FYI9
Administrative : 2 2
Sales - :
2 2
The aggregate payroll costs ofthese persons were as follows: .
. FY 20 FY 19
. 000 £000
Wages and salaries : * 132 107
Social security costs : n 6
Contributions to defined contribution plans : - :
143
All fee-generating work was performed by employed contractors in the current and prior periods.
5 Direetors' remuneration
FY 20 FY 19
£000 £000
Directors remuneration 7 n
Company contributions to money purchase pension plan - :

Page 17


===== page 20 =====
‘Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
7 months to 31 March 2020

Notes (continued) ‘

5 Directors’ remuneration (continued)

Number of Directors
FY 20 7 FY 19
Retirement benefits are accruing to the following number of Directors under:
Money purchase schemes . -

‘The aggregate of remuneration and amounts receivable under Company long term incentive schemes of the highest paid director was £3,000 (FY 19:
£27,000)

Amounts paid or payable to the Companys Directors through the Companys parent undertakings have been excluded from the above disclosure and
included within the disclosures of other Group companies, on the basis that their services are predominantly provided to the wider Group.

6 Other interest receivable and similar income

FY 20 FYI9
£000 £000

Interest receivable

7 ‘Taxation

Recognised in the profit and loss account

FY 20 FY 19
£000 £000 £000 £000
Current tax
‘Current tax on income for the period : (18)
Adjustments in respect of prior periods -- -
‘Total current tax - (18)
Deferred tax 7
Origination and reversal of timing differences - -
Effect of tax rate change on opening balances : -
Adjustments in respect of prior periods - -
- (18)
Reconciliation of effect tax rate
FY 20 FY 19
£000 £000
Profit for the year 20 170
Total tax expense, i (is)
Profit excluding taxation 20 152
Tax using the UK corporation tax rate of 19% (FY 19: 19%) 4 2»
Deferred tax not recognised . 0 (50)
Tax rate differences : “ 3
Total tax expense i. (18)

‘The UK corporation tax rate legislation announced is set to hold the corporation tax rate at 19% for the 2019/20 and 2020/21 tax years. This rate has
been reflected in the calculation of deferred tax for the year ended 31 March 2020.

Page 18


===== page 21 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
7 months to 31 March 2020

Notes (continued)

8 ‘Tangible fixed assets
Computer
equipment Total
£000 £000
Cost
Balance at 1 September 2019 : W 7
Acquisitions : 3 3
Disposals ‘ : -
: : 20 20
Depreciation and impairment
Balance at 1 September 2019 (14) (a4)
Depreciation charge for the year 0) q)
Disposals - -
(as) as)
Net book value
‘At3I March 2020 5 5
At September 2019 3 3
9 Debtors
FY 20 FY 19
£000 £000
Trade debtors 28 155
Amounts owed by Group undertakings 191 -
Other debtors: 238 183
: 338

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are interest free and are repayable on demand.
‘The Companys other debtors balance in the comparative period to 31 August 2019. includes £165,000 related to advances made to the Companys
Directors. These were all repaid to the Company during FY 20.

Expected credit loss in relation to amounts owed by Group undertakings was immaterial in both the current and prior year.

Amounts capitalised within other debtors predominantly relaic to implementation costs incurred for the fulfilment of the Company's revenue
generating contracts. These costs arc directly attributable to the fulfilment of these contracts and amount to £188,000 as at 31 March 2020.
Capitalised implementation costs are amortised over an expected life, equivalent to the license period. As at 31 March 2020 there is an average
amortisation period of 2.7 years remaining,

10 Creditors: amounts falling due wi
FY 20 FY 19
£000 £000
Trade creditors 2 -
Amounts owed to Group undertakings ” -
Taxation and social security 4 3
Deferred income 1s4 -
Accruals 53 -
Other creditors . - 8

347 41

Amounts owed to Group undertakings are cither interest-bearing or non interest-bearing depending on the type of the creditor relationship and arc
repayable on demand. .

Deferred income recognises contract liabilities arising from the Company's revenue’ generating activities relating to payments received in advance of
iiabilities typically arise on timing differences between satisfaction of the performance

igs movement in thé year represents these timing
differences across contracts at cach year end. The following table sets out the revenue recognised in the current year that relates to carry forward
contract liabilities and the liabilities recognised in the current year which have been deferred to the next reporting period.

Page 19


===== page 22 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
7 months to 31 March 2020

Notes (continued) ve
10 Creditors: amounts falling due within one year (continued)
FY 20 FY 19
. £000 £000
Contract liabilities relating to contracts with customers at start of period - -
Increase in contract liabilities for the period 170 -
16) -
154 -

Unperformed balances represents the revenue that the Company will earn frém custoriers when the Company satisfies the remaining performance
obligations in certain contracts. These mainly relate to multi-year contracts whichjrange between 1 to 5 years in which software access revenu is
recognised over the access period. The following table sets out the aggregate amount of the contracted transaction price allocated to performance
‘obligations that are unsatisfied or partly satisfied at the year end date. Unperformed batances relating to contracts with an expected original life of
less than one year are not disclosed. Similarly, the Company has adopted the practical expedient not to disclose amounts under longer term contracts
in which the revenue is to be invoiced on agreed day rates. Revenue from unperformed performance obligations is expected to be recognised in the
following timeframes.

FY20 FYI9
7 £000 £000
99 58

To be undertaken and recognised within one year
To be undertaken and recognised between one and three years 106
To be undertaken and recognised after three years :

2

208
n Other non-current liabilities
FY 20 FY 19
2000 £000
Preference shares - 120

The holders of preference shares arc entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of
the Company. On liquidation, preference shares are repaid before ordinary shares. These preference shares are not redeemable and dividends
associated with the shares are discretionary. During the current period the Directors have reclassified the preference shares previously recognised as *
‘a non-current liability to equity on the basis that after the acquisition of 100% of the issued share capital of the Company by Alpha, these shares are
no longer redeemable on demand and in substance are no different to ordinary shares, with the exception of preferred status on liquidation as
mentioned above. This change has resulted in the reclassification of £8 in to the Company's share capital, and the transfer of £119,998 to the
‘Companys share premium account.

2 Capital and reserves
Share capital :
FY 20 FY 19
£ £
Allotted, called up and fully paid ‘
144,219 ordinary shares of £0.001 each 144 142
2 ordinary shares of £0.50 each 1 1
8,475 preferred ordinary shares at £0.001 each 8 :

M3

‘Shares classified in sharcholders’ funds,

143

“The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to reccive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the
Company. ~ a .

Page 20


===== page 23 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
7 months to 31 March 2020

Notes (continued) ad
2 Capital and reserves (continued)

In the period, 2,672 fully paid up shares were issued by the Company at nominal value (FY 19: nil).

‘The holders of proference shares arc entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of
the Company. On liquidation, preference shares are repaid before ordinary shares. These preference shares are not redeemable and dividends
associated with the shares are discretionary. During the current period the Directors have reclassified the preference shares previously recognised as
‘a non-current liability to equity on the basis that after the acquisition of 100% of the issued share capital of the Company by Alpha, these shares are
1no longer redeemable on demand and in substance are no different to drdinary shares, with the exception of preferred status on liquidation as
mentioned above. This change has resulted in the reclassification of £8 in to the Company's share capital, and the transfer of £119,998 to the
‘Companys share premium account.

13 Related parties

Identity of related parties with which the Company has transacted
‘The Company has not engaged in any transactions with any related parties other than with wholly owned subsidiaries. These transactions have not
been disclosed as the Company has taken advantage of exemptions under FRS101.

4 Events after the reporting period

‘The Directors consider that the outbreak of COVID-19 globally represents an adjusting event at the balance sheet date on the basis that the
significance of the social and economic impact was apparent at that date. The Group has therefore considered all conditions up to the date of
issuance of the financial statements as adjusting events. As disclosed in note 1, the impact of COVID-19 has been assessed in relation to: impairment
of non-financial assets, going concern (note 1), and expected credit loss.

15 Ultimate parent company and parent compuny of lurger Group

‘The Company is a subsidiary undertaking of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple, incorporated in England and Wales. ‘The ultimate controlling
party is Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple. :

Both the largest and smallest Group in which the results of the Company are consolidated is that headed by Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple,
incorporated in England and Wales. The consolidated financial statements of the Group arc available to the public and may be obtained from 60
Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB, or the website investors.alphatime.com.

Page 21
