

===== page 1 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited

Annual report and financial statements
Registered number 09737564
31 March 2021

SN
z
3 |
z
2 :
< *AAIMQSLE* |
A10 18/12/2021 #331

COMPANIES HOUSE :
- ee


===== page 2 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements.
31 March 2021

Contents

Company information
Strategic report 2
Directors’ report

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the strategic report and the Directors’ report and the financial
statements

w

Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of Obsidian Solutions Limited
Profit and Loss Account

Balance Sheet

Statement of Changes in Equity

Notes

FE SomuNn


===== page 3 =====
Company information

Directors

Company number

Registered office

Auditor

Banker

ENB Fraser
JC Paton
LRadenovie
N Spencer

09737564

60 Gresham Street
London
EC2V 7BB

KPMG LLP
St Nicholas House
31 Park Row
Nottingham

NGI 6FQ

SVB Bank

Alphabeta

14-18 Finsbury Square
London

EC2A IBR

Page |

Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021


===== page 4 =====
Obsidian Solutions Liinited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Strategic report

Business review

For the year ended 31 March 2021 (FY 21'), the Company recorded tumover of £760,000 (FY 20: £286,000). Profit after tax decreased slightly to
£16,000 (FY 20: £20,000). The increase in tumover reflects a full year of trading and underlying growth in the business, but this is outweighed by an.
increase in personne!-related costs driven by recruitment in the year resulting in slightly lower levels of profit after tax compared to the prior period.
Trade receivables decreased to £21,000 compared to £28,000 in FY 20, due to continued strong cash collection. There are no concems about the
recoverubility of the main unprovided debtors.

Future developments

The Directors are cognisant of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The business plan developed by the Directors shows growth is expected to
continue in the forthcoming year with headcount growth assumed being reflective of a return to more normal market conditions. The Directors are
confident of achieving further progress, based on the level of on-going work at the start of the financial year, and the pipeline of future opportunities.

Key performance indicators

‘The Directors monitor performance on both a weekly and.a monthly basis using a range of financial and non-financial metrics, Each month the
Directors review the management accounts for cach Group” undertaking and compare actual performance against budget. Costs and utilisation are also

reviewed to monitor profitability,

Principal risks and dncertainties

The performance of the Company is satisfactory and the future pipeline of work is good. The Company continues to generate cash after retaining a
proportion of profits to fund increased working capital requirements resulting from growth. Management continue to operate conservative cash
‘management policies. The Directors are satisfied with performance for the year.

Risk management and the year ahead

‘The Directors are pleased with trading in a year of huge challenge and uncertainty with the ongoing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, The Directors
‘took pre-emptive actions in the first half of the year to preserve financial flexibility. These were withdrawn and reversed in the second half of the year.

the continued strategic progress and with the good pipeline of potential business opportunities under discussion.

14 December 2021

‘FY 21 is the financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2021, By comparison, FY 20 is the previous financial year covering the 7 months to 31 March 2020; FY
22.is the subsequent financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2022.

Group refers to the Companys ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ple and its subsidiaries.

Page 2


===== page 5 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March-2021

Directors’ report
The Directors present their report and the audited financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2021.

Principal activities

The principal activity of the Company continued to be the development and provision of software and sclated services for the asset and wealth
management industry.

Results and dividend

‘The results for the year are set out in the attached profit and loss account.

For further information on the likely future developments of the business, please refer to the strategic report.
‘After deducting taxation, 2 £16,000 profit was transferred to reserves (FY 20: £20,000).

Directors
The Directors who held office during the year were as follows:

ENB Fraser
IC Paton
LRadenovic
N Spencer

Political contributions
‘The Company made no political donations and incurred no political expenditure during the year.

Employee involvement

The health and welfare of the Company's employees remains a key priority for the Directors, as reflected by the Group's position on the ‘Sunday Times
100 Best small companies to work for 2017-2020, and in the ‘UK's 100 Best Large Campanies to Work for’ in 2021. The Company has the intent to
attract, recruit, develop and retain key employees, and the Company maintains policies and procedures on the Group intranet, with access to this
documentation provided to employees via the Company's Human Resources department. Appropriate education and training and development
‘opportunities are provided to all employees to encourage continuous development, and employees are kept abreast of key financiel and economic
updates on the Company's performance and other matters om a regular basis, and in monthly mectings hosted by senior management, where employees
have an opportunity to raise questions or provide feedback.

Itis the Company's policy to give full and fair consideration to all applications for employment including from disabled people, having regard to their
abilities and aptitudes. Full consideration is given to continuing thc cmployment of staff who become disabled, including considering them for other

reasonable positions and arranging appropriate training where required. The Company aims to provide an inclusive environment for all employees,
regardless of sex, marital status, race, nationality, age, sexual orientation or religion.

Engagement with suppliers and customers

The Directors note the importance of fostering strong relationships with the Company's customers and suppliers through open communication and
having regard for these relationships in strategic decisions made relating to the Company.

Disclosure of information to auditor

‘The Directors who held office at the date of approval of this Directors’ report confirm that, so far as they are each aware, there is no relevant audit
information of which the Company's auditor is unaware; and each Director has taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as a Director to make
themselves aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the Company’s auditor is aware of that information.

/) ‘of the Companies Act 2006, the aitditor will be deemed to be reappointed and KPMG LLP will therefore continue in office.
S

Page 3


===== page 6 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the strategic report, the Directors’ report and
the financial statements

‘The Directors are responsible for preparing the strategic report and the Directors’ report and the financial statements in accordance with applicable law
and regulations.

‘Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law they have elected to prepare the financial
statements in accordance with UK accounting standards and applicable law (UK Generally Accepted Accounting Practice), including FRS 101
Reduced Disclosure Framework.

Under Company law the Directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of
affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for that period. In preparing these financial statements, the Directors are required to:

© select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;
‘+ make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent,

* state whether applicable UK accounting standards have been followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in the
financial statements,
+ assess the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concem; and
+ use the going concem basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.
The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the Company's transactions and disclose
with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the
‘Companies Act 2006, They are responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements
that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have general responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to
them to safeguard the assets of the Company and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.

Page 4


===== page 7 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Obsidian Solutions Limited

Qualified opinion
We have audited the financial statements of Obsidian Solutions Limited (“the Company”) for the year ended 31 March 2021 which comprise the profit
and loss account, balance sheet, statement of changes in equity and related notes, including the accounting policies in note 1.
Tn our opinion the financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs as at 31 March 2021.
In our opinion, except for the possible effects solely on the comparative information for the seven month period ended 31 March 2020 of the matter
described in the Basis for qualified opinion section of our report, the financial statements:

* give a true and fair view of the Company’s profit for the year ended 31 March 2021;

+ have been properly prepared in accordance with UK accounting standards, including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework; and

+ have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006,

Basis for qualified opinion

‘The audit evidence available to us was limited because adequate accounting records have not been retained by the Company for the period prior to the
‘Company's acquisition by Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc in November 2019. Consequently, we were unable to obtain sufficient appropriate
audit evidence regarding the Company's profit for the seven month period ended 31 March 2020. We qualified our audit opinion on the financial
statements for the seven month period ended 31 March 2020 with regard to this same limitation

We conducted our audit in accordance with Intemational Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and applicable law. Our responsibilities are
described below. We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and are independent of the Company in accordance with, UK ethical
requirements including the FRC Ethical Standard. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis for our
qualified opinion.

Going concern

‘The Directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concern basis as they do not intend to liquidate the Company or to cease its
‘operations, and as they have concluded that the Company's financial position means that this is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no
material uncertainties that could have cast significant doubt over its ability to continue as a going concer for at least a year from the date of approval of
the financial statements (“the going concem period”).

In our evaluation of the Directors’ conclusions, we considered the inherent risks to the Company's business model and analysed how those risks might
affect the Company's financial resources or ability to continue operations over the going concern period.
Our conclusions based on this work:
‘+ we consider that the Directors’ use of the going concem basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is
appropriate;
* we have not identified, and concur with the Directors’ assessment that there is not, a material uncertainty related to events or
conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the Company's ability to continue as a going concern for
the going concem period.

However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in outcomes that are inconsistent with judgements
that were reasonable at the time they were made, the above conclusions are not a guarantce that the Company will continue in operation.

Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations — ability to detect
Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to fraud

To identify risks of material misstatement due to fraud (“fraud risks") we assessed events or conditions that could indicate an incentive or pressure to
commit fraud or provide an opportunity to commit fraud. Our risk assessment procedures included:

* Enquiring of Directors as to the Company's high-level policies and procedures to prevent and detect fraud, as well as whether they

have knowledge of any actual, suspected or alleged fraud.
+ Reading Board minutes.

* Using analytical procedures to identify any unusual or unexpected relationships.
We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit team and remained alert to any indications of fraud throughout the audit.

As required by auditing standards, we perform procedures to address the risk of management override of controls, in particular the risk that,
management may be in a position to make inappropriate accounting entries. On this audit we do not believe there is a fraud risk related to revenue
recognition because there are limited incentives, rationalizations and opportunities to fraudulently adjust revenue recognition.

We did not identify any additional fraud risks.
We performed procedures including:

* Identifying journal entries to test based on risk criteria and comparing the identified entries to supporting documentation. These
included unusual pairings with a credit or debit to an account below EBITDA and unusual journals with a credit or debit entry to cash.

Page 5


===== page 8 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Obsidian Solutions Limited (continued)

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to non-compliance with laws and regulations

We identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the financial statements from our general
commercial and sector experience, and through discussion with the Directors and other management (as required by auditing standards), and discussed
with the Directors and other management the policies and procedures regarding compliance with laws and regulations.

‘We communicated identified laws and regulations throughout our team and remained alert to any indications of non-compliance throughout the audit.

‘The potential effect of these laws and regulations on the financial statements varies considerably.

Firstly, the Company is subject to laws and regulations that directly affect the financial statements including financial reporting legislation (including
related companies legislation), distributable profits legislation and taxation legislation, and we assessed the extent of compliance with these laws and
regulations as part of our procedures on the related financial statement items.

Secondly, the Company is subject to many other laws and regulations where the consequences of non-compliance could have a material effect on
amounts or disclosures in the financial statements, for instance through the imposition of fines or litigation. We identified the following areas as those
most likely to have such an effect: anti-bribery and employment law recognising the financial nature of the Company's activities, Auditing standards
limit the required audit procedures to identify non-compliance with these laws and regulations to enquiry of the Directors and other management and
inspection of regulatory and legal correspondence, if any. Therefore if breach of operational regulations is not disclosed to us or evident from relevant
correspondence, an audit will not detect that breach.

Context of the ability of the audit to detect fraud or breaches of law or regulation

Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an unavoidable risk that we may not have detected some material misstatements in the financial
statements, even though we have properly planned and performed our audit in accordance with auditing standards. For example, the further removed
non-compliance with laws and regulations is from the events and transactions reflected in the financial statements, the less likely the inherently limited
procedures required by auditing standards would identify it.

In addition, as with any audit, there remained a higher risk of non-detection of fraud, as these may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
misrepresentations, or the override of internal controls. Our audit procedures are designed to detect material misstatement. We are not responsible for
preventing non-compliance or fraud and cannot be expected to detect non-compliance with all laws and regulations.

Strategic report and Directors’ report

‘The Directors are responsible for the strategic report and the Directors’ report. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover those reports and
we do not express an audit opinion thereon.

‘Our responsibility is to read the strategic report and the Directors’ report and, in doing so, consider whether, based on our financial statements audit
work, the information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with the financial statements or our audit knowledge. Based solely on that work:

* we have not identified material misstatements in the strategic report and the Directors’ report;
* in our opinion the information given in those reports for the financial year is consistent with the financial statements; and
* in our opinion those reports have been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception

In respect solely of the limitation on our work relating to the comparative information for the seven month period ended 31 March 2020, described
above:

* we have not obtained all the information and explanations that we considered necessary for the purpose of our audit;
* in our opinion, adequate accounting records had not been kept for that period; and
* we were unable to determine whether the financial statements were in agreement with the accounting records and returns.
We have nothing to report in respect of the following matters where the Companies Act 2006 requires us to report to you if, in our opinion:
* returns adequate for our audit have not been received from branches not visited by us; or
* certain disclosures of Directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made.
ities

Directors’ responsi

As explained more fully in their statement set out on page 4, the Directors are responsible for: the preparation of the financial statements and for being
satisfied that they give a true and fair view; such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, assessing the Company's ability to continue as a going concer, disclosing, as
applicable, matters related to going concer; and using the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to
‘cease operations, or have no realistic altemative but to do so.

Auditor's responsibilities

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due
to fraud or error, and to issue our opinion in an auditor's report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but does not guarantee that an audit
conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis
of the financial statements.

A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC’s website at www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities,

Page 6


===== page 9 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Obsidian Solutions Limited (continued)

The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities
This report is made solely to the company’s members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006. Our audit work
has been undertaken so that we might state to the company’s members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no
‘other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the company and the Company's
members, as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Aa

Craig Parkin (Senior Statutory Auditor)
for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
Chartered Accountants

St Nicholas House

31 Park Row

Nottingham

NGI 6FQ

13 December 2021

Page 7


===== page 10 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2021
Profit & loss account
(for the year ended 31 March 2021
Year ended 7 months to
Note 31 March 2021 31 March 2020
£000 £000
Turnover 2 760 286
Cost of sales (307) (58)
Gross profit 453 228
‘Administrative expenses 4,5 (426) (209)
Operating profit u 19
Other interest receivable and similar income 6 - 1
Profit before taxation 27 20
Taxation 7 ay -
16 20

Profit for the financial year

In both the current and preceding year, the Company made no acquisitions and had no discontinued operations.

There were no recognised gains or losses in either the current or preceding year other than those disclosed in the profit and loss account, and therefore
no separate statement of other comprehensive income has been presented.

Page 8


===== page 11 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited

Annual report and financial statements
31 March 202F
Balance sheet
As at 31 March 2021
Asat Asat
Note 31 Mareh 2021 31 March 2020
£000 £000 £000. £000
Non-current assets
Tangible fixed asscts 8 9 5
Capitalised implementation costs 9 61 ot
a) 3
Current assets
Debtors 9 248 437
Cash at bank and in hand 364 358
12 als
Current tabilities,
Creditors: amounts falling due within one year 10 am) (G47)
‘Corporation tax - 43)
GTN) (390)
Net current assets 438, 425
=— —
Total assets less current Liabilities S05 430
Non-current labilittes
Deferred income (89) :
‘Net assets 446 430
Capital and reserves
Called up share capital n . -
Share premium account 689 689
Profit and loss account 4) (259)
Shareholders! funds 446. 430
— —— =

‘The notes on pages 11-19 form part of these financial statement, These financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of
Directs on 13 Decemfer 2021. They were signed on its behalf by:

Page 9


===== page 12 =====
Statement of changes in equity

As at I September 2019

Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit for the period

Transactions with owners
Reclassification of preferred ordinary shares?
Shares issued

As at 31 March 2020

Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit for the period

Transactions with owners

Shares issued

As at 31 March 2021

Obsidian Solutions Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2021
Share Total
Called up premium — Profitand shareholders’
share capital account loss account funds
£000 £000 £000 £000
- 569 (279) 290
- - 20 20
- 120 - 120
- 689 (259) 430
- - 16 16
- 689 (243) 446

in the prior year, the Directors have reclassified the amount attributable to the Company's preferred ordinary shares out of non-current liabilities and

in to the share capital and share premium of the Company.

Page 10


===== page 13 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Notes
(forming part of the financial statements)

1 Accounting policies

Obsidian Solutions Limited (the “Company”) is a Company limited by shares, domiciled and registered in the UK. The registered number is 09737564
and the registered address is 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB.

‘These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework (“FRS 101”.

In preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement and disclosure requirements of International Financial
Reporting Standards (“Adopted IFRSs”), but makes amendments where necessary in order to comply with Companies Act 2006 and has set out below
where advantage of the FRS 101 disclosure exemptions has been taken.

‘The Company’s ultimate parent undertaking, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, includes the Company in its consolidated financial statements.
The consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc are available to the public and may be obtained from 60 Gresham
Street, London, EC2V 7BB.
In these financial statements, the Company has applied the exemptions available under FRS 101 in respect of the following disclosures:

* A cash flow statement and related notes;

+ Comparative period reconciliations for share capital, tangible fixed assets, intangible assets and investment properties,

* Disclosures in respect of transactions with wholly owned subsidiaries,

* Disclosures in respect of capital management,

* The effects of new but not yet effective IFRSs;

* Disclosures in respect of the compensation of Key Management Personnel; and

* Disclosures of transactions with a management entity that provides key management personnel services to the Company.

As the consolidated financial statements of Aipha Financial Markets Consulting Pe include the equivalent disclosures, the Company has also taken the
exemptions under FRS 101 available in respect of the following disclosures:

* IFRS 2 Share-Based Payments in respect of Group settled share based payments; and

* Certain disclosures required by IFRS 16 Leases in relation to disclosure of the Company's leasing activities,

* Certain disclosures required by IFRS 3 Business Combinations in respect of business combinations undertaken by the Company.
‘The accounting policies set out below have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods presented in these financial statements.

Ld Comparative information
Asa result of the acquisition of Obsidian Solutions Limited by Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple in the comparative period, the Directors
effected a change in the accounting reference date of the Company in FY 20 in order to align with the accounting reference date of the wider Group.

‘Asa result, the comparative period consists of the 7 month period from 1 September 2019 to 31 March 2020 in order to effect this change. Therefore,
the comparative results presented within this set of financial statements do not represent an entirely comparable set of results.

12 Basis of preparation
These financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost basis, except for certain financial instruments that are measured at fair value.

‘The presentational currency of these financial statements and the functional currency of the Company is pounds sterling. All amounts in these financial
statements have been rounded to the nearest £1,000, unless stated otherwise.

13 Significant judgements and estimates

The preparation of financial information in accordance with IFRS requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the
application of accounting policies and reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses.

The Directors have made one judgement, excluding those involving estimations, in the process of applying the Company's accounting policies that are
considered to have a significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements for the period ending 31 March 2021.

Revenue recognition

The Directors note that the process of revenue recognition in the Company requires a judgement to be made on the identification of distinct
performance obligations under the Companys software contracts with customers. These contracts comprise software fees and other related services,
which customers can access over the life of the contract related performance obligations. Interpretation of the terms of these contracts
determine whether the performance obligation is satisfied over time or at a point in time. For further information on the accounting policy implemented
by the Company, please refer to section 1.11 below.

Page 11


===== page 14 =====
‘Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Notes (continued)
1

14 Going concern
The financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis which the Directors consider to be appropriate for the following reasons.

‘The Directors have prepared cash flow forecasts for a period of at least 12 months from the date of approval of these financial statements which
indicate that, taking account of reasonably possible downsides, the Company will have sufficient funds, to meet its liabilities as they fall due for that
period

Those forecasts are dependent on the Company's ultimate parent company, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple not seeking repayment of the
amounts currently due to the other companies controlled by the Group, which at 31 March 2021 amounted to £26,000. Alpha Financial Markets
Consulting Plc has indicated that it does not intend to seek repayment of these amounts for the period covered by the forecasts. The Company also has
access to additional funding through other Group entities, via the Group's revolving credit facility, which remains undrawn at the date of approval of
these financial statements, and the strength of the Group's cash position at 31 March 2021. As with any company placing reliance on other Group
entities for financial support, the Directors acknowledge that there can be no certainty that this support will continue although, at the date of approval
of these financial statements, they have no reason to believe that it will not do so.

Consequently, the Directors are confident that the Company will have sufficient funds to continue to meet its liabilities as they fall due for at least 12
‘months from the date of approval of the financial statements and therefore have prepared the financial statements on a going concer basis.

1s Foreign currency

‘Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the Company's functional currencies at the foreign exchange rate ruling at the date of the
transaction, Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the balance sheet date are retranslated to the functional currency at the
foreign exchange rate ruling at that date, Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are
translated using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction, Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are stated at
fair value are retranslated to the functional currency at foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates the fair value was determined, Foreign exchange
differences arising on translation are recognised in the profit and loss.

16 Financial instruments

The Company uses financial instruments comprising cash and cash equivalents and other short-term instruments, such as trade payables that arise from
its operations. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to fund the Group's business strategy and working capital requirements.

Accounting policies in respect of financial instruments are outlined below.
Financial assets

Financial assets are initially measured at fair value plus or minus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction
costs. The Company has not reclassified any financial assets subsequent to initial recognition as at the balance sheet date. Reclassification of classes of
financial assets is accounted for prospectively in accordance with [FRS 9, where this is required. Any difference on reclassification from amortised cost
to fair value through profit or loss is recognised in the profit and loss at the reclassification date,

Financial assets are assessed at each reporting date to determine a lifetime expected credit loss that reflects the credit risk associated with the portfolio
of assets, A financial asset is impaired in line with the simplified approach under IFRS 9 which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance.

An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured at amortised cost is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the
present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the asset's original effective interest rate, For financial instruments measured at cost less
impairment, impairment is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the best estimate of the amount that the Company would
receive for the asset if it were to be sold at the reporting date. Interest on the impairment asset continues to be recognised through the unwinding of the
discount. Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. When a subsequent event causes the amount of the impairment to decrease, the decrease in
impairment loss is reversed through statement of comprehensive income.

Trade and other debtors

Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less provision for impairment. A
provision for impairment of trade receivables is established when there is objective evidence that the Company will not be able to collect all amounts
due according to the original terms of the receivables. The provision is recognised in the income statement as an operating charge.

The trade receivables’ balances recorded in the Company’s statement of financial position comprise a relatively small number of large balances and are
held until realised in cash.

Alpha provides services to customers on credit terms with mainly arrears billing. Certain receivables may not be paid. The Company applies the IFRS 9
simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables. To measure expected
credit losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on shared credit characteristics and the days past due, The Company consider historical loss
rates for each ageing category as a starting point for estimating the expected credit loss. This historical loss rate is subsequently adjusted for macro-
economic and customer specific factors of receivables within each ageing category. Characteristics considered by the Company for these purposes
include historical collection experience for each customer, the assessed liquidity of key customers within the receivables balance, and other relevant
macro-economic factors such as COVID-19 and Brexit in order to determine a reasonable and supportable assessment of the expected lifetime credit
tisk in the context of the overall year-end trade receivables due.

Page 12


===== page 15 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Notes (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)

16 Financial instruments (continued)
Amounts owed by Group undertakings

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less provision for impairment.
‘A provision for impairment of intercompany receivables is established using an expected credit loss model. The Group classifies all intercompany
receivables that form a part of the normal trading cycle of the Group as current, as well as non-trading balances where the counterparty has sufficient
resources to settle the balance within a twelve month period from the balance sheet date. All other amounts owed by Group undertakings are considered
as non-current assets. This represents a change in accounting policy in the year. All balances were considered current in the comparative period

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and call deposits and are recorded and subsequently measured at amortised cost in line with IFRS 9.

Financial liabilities

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities designated upon initial
recognition as at fair value through profit or loss. Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are acquired for the purpose of selling in
the near term, This category includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Company that are not designated as hedging instruments in
hedge relationships as defined by IFRS 9. As at 31 March 2021, the Company had no such financial liabilities.

Other financial liabilities held by the Group are recognised at amortised cost.

Trade and other creditors
Trade and other creditors are recognised initially at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition they are measured at amortised cost using the effective
interest method.

Amounts owed to Group undertakings

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost.

Leases
‘The Company leases office premises for use in operations. In line with the practical expedients defined below, all office leases held by the company are
outside of the scope of IFRS 16 in the current and prior period.

The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may
not be used as security for borrowing purposes.

‘The Company has used the practical expedients permitted by IFRS 16 in relation to accounting for leases with a remaining lease term of less than 12
‘months as at 1 April 2020 as ‘short-term leases’, and those with a low value as ‘low value leases’. Consequently, no lease liability or right-of-use asset
‘was calculated thereon. These leases are expensed in the statement of profit and loss. The Company has also used the practical expedient permitted by
IFRS 16 to apply a single discount rate to a portfolio of leases with reasonably similar characteristics.

Interest-bearing borrowings

Interest-bearing borrowings are recognised initially at fair value less attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, interest-bearing
borrowings are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less any impairment losses.

17 Tangible fixed assets

All property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost (or deemed historical cost) less accumulated depreciation. Cost includes the original
purchase price of the asset and the costs attributable to bringing the asset to its working condition for its intended use.

Depreciation is provided on all property, plant and equipment at rates calculated to write each asset down to its estimated residual value on a straight-
line basis at the following annual rates

‘Computer equipment 3 years straight line
Useful economic lives and estimated residual values are reviewed annually and adjusted as appropriate.

18 Employee benefits
Defined contribution plans

A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which the Company pays fixed contributions into a separate entity and will have
no legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts. Obligations for contributions to defined contribution pension plans are recognised as an
expense in the profit and loss account in the periods during which services are rendered by employees.

Page 13


===== page 16 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Notes (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)
19 Impairment
Non-financial assets

The carrying amounts of the entity’s non-financial assets, other than deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether there
is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the assets’ recoverable amount is estimated. The recoverable amount of an asset or
ccash-generating unit is the greater of its value in use and its fair value, less costs to sell, In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are
discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific
to the asset.

For the purposes of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates
independent cash inflows (the “cash-generating unit”); that is, cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of
other assets or groups of assets.

‘An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable amount, Impairment losses are
recognised in profit or loss, Impairment losses are allocated between the carrying amounts of assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro-rata basis as
a reduction in the value of the asset.

An impairment loss is reversed if and only if the reasons for the impairment have ceased to apply.

Impairment losses recognised in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indication that the loss has decreased or no longer exists, An
impairment loss is only reversed to the extent that the asset's carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined,
net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

110 Provisions

{A provision is recognised in the balance sheet when the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, that can be
reliably measured and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation. Provisions are determined by
discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects risks specific to the liability.

Lu Revenue recognition

Revenue consists of the value of work executed for clients during the year and expenses recharged, exclusive of VAT. Revenue is classified into net fee
income and recharged expenses. Net fee income is measured based on the transaction price allocated to the performance obligation from the sale of
goods or provision of services. Net fee income is recognised either at a ‘point in time’ when the performance obligation in the contract has been
performed or ‘over time” as control of the goods or services are transferred to the customer. Recharged expenses comprise the recharge of costs
incidental to fulfilling contracts including flights, subsistence and accommodation on which nil or negligible margin is eamed by the Company. The

“Company delivers services that have no alternative use to Alpha (advice to clients, reports, etc) as the services are specifically tailored to clients?
projects and scope of work.

Revenue generated from software licensing, hosting and related support services provided over a contracted period of time is combined and allocated to
asingle performance obligation. These contracts are considered to be satisfied over time, in line with the benefits being transferred to the customer.
Revenue is recognised on straight-line basis over the contractual licence term.

Implementation services provided by the Company to the customer are classified as either being distinct performance obligations or non-distinct from
the licensing and hosting promises described above, dependent on the fact pattern within the underlying contractual arrangement. The Company
considers the level of inter-dependency between the contractual promises, and whether the customer can consume the benefits of the licence without
the implementation service being performed. Where implementation services are required for the customer to use the software, these services are
considered to be non-distinct from the licensing performance obligation. Therefore, the Company accounts for these as a single performance obligation
satisfied over the licence term, as described above. The Company generally considers the initial phase of implementation to be non-distinct from the
associated licence. The Company typically bills and receives cash for these implementation services in advance of the revenue being recognised,
resulting in the recognition of a contract liability

Costs directly related to non-distinct implementation work that are incurred prior to the commencement of the licence are initially recognised as an
asset, and are subsequently amortised through cost of sales on a systematic basis, in line with the transfer of goods or services to the customer.

Other distinct implementation services, as well as separately billable maintenance, support, data assurance and training are treated as separate
performance obligations and revenue is recognised as these services are delivered.

Contract modifications relating to the renewal of software licences are accounted for as separate revenue contracts. Other contract modifications are
considered on a case by case basis.

Activity performance recognised as revenue in excess of invoices raised are contract receivables and are included within accrued income, up to the
value of the relevant project delivery milestone, where applicable. On invoicing, the contract receivable is reclassified to trade receivables. Where
amounts have been invoiced in excess of revenue recognised, the excess is a contract liability and is included within deferred income.

In relation to licencing contracts, billing occurs at the beginning of the contractual licence period or incrementally over the course of the licence, in line
with the contractual terms. For implementation services, billing typically occurs a month in arrears in line with a contractually agreed schedule.

Revenue is wholly attributable to the principal activities of the Company. For all revenue types, payment is typically due between 30 and 60 days after
the invoice date or receipt of invoice, depending on the client and geography.

Page 14


===== page 17 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Notes (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)
12 Cost of sales

Cost of sales is defined by management as the direct costs associated with the generation of the Company's revenue, including staff payroll and
contractor costs, subsistence and travel that are directly attributable to the delivery of services and supporting growth.

With regard to the Company’s software licensing arrangements, costs directly related to non-distinct implementation work that are incurred prior to the
‘commencement of the licence are initially recognised as an asset and are subsequently amortised through cost of sales on a systematic basis, in line
with the transfer of goods or services to the customer.

113 Expenses

Interest receivable and interest payable

Interest payable and similar expenses include interest payable, unwinding of the discount on provisions, and discount unwinding associated with leases
within the scope of IFRS 16, Other interest receivable and similar income include interest receivable on funds invested and net foreign exchange gains.

Interest income and interest payable is recognised in profit or loss as it accrues, using the effective interest method.
114 Taxation

Tax on the profit or loss for the year comprises current tax. Tax is recognised in the profit and loss account except to the extent that it relates to items
recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive income, in which case it is recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive income.
Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the
balance sheet date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

LIS ‘New accounting standards and interpretations
The following changes in accounting policies were applied by the Company in these financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2021. These
included the adoption of new standards and interpretations described below.
‘The Intemational Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) have issued the following standards and
interpretations which are now effective

‘+ IFRS 9 Financial Instruments with IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts (Amendments to IFRS 4);

‘+ Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards;

* Definition of a Business (Amendments to IFRS 3);

* Definition of material (Amendments to IAS | and IAS 8); and

* Interest Rate Benchmark Reform (Amendments to IFRS 9, [AS 39 and IFRS 7).

The following amendments to existing standards have been issued and became effective in the year as a response to the COVID-19 pandemic:
‘+ Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions (Amendment to IFRS 16), effective from 1 June 2020 and endorsed by the UK on 9 October 2020.

The Directors reviewed the nature and effect of these new standards on the Company and noted no material impact on the financial statements for the
year ended 31 March 2021.

‘The Directors have considered new standards and interpretations that have been issued but not yet been effective, however have applied the exemption
not to disclose this information under FRS 101,

2 Turnover

FY21 FY 20
£000 £000
Rendering of services 760 286
FY21 FY 20
£000 £000

By activity
Licensing and implementation of software and associated services 760 286

Page 15


===== page 18 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2021
Notes (continued)
3 Auditor's remuneration
FY21 FY 20
£000 £000

Audit of these financial statements 16 13

‘Amounts receivable by the Company's auditor and its associates in respect of services to the Company and its associates, other than the audit of the
Company's financial statements, have not been disclosed as the information is required instead to be disclosed on a consolidated basis in the
consolidated financial statements of the Company’s parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple.

4 Staff numbers and costs

‘The average number of persons employed by the Company (including Directors) during the year, analysed by category, was as follows:

Number of employees
FY21 FY 20
Administrative 2 2
Sales : .
2 2
The aggregate payroll costs of these persons were as follows:
FY21 FY 20
£000 £000
Wages and salaries 184 132
Social security costs 26 i
Contributions to defined contribution plans 4 :
214 143
5 Directors’ remuneration
FY21 FY 20
£000 £000
Directors’ remuneration 183 7
‘Company contributions to money purchase pension plan 4 .
Number of Directors
FY 21 FY 20
Retirement benefits are accruing to the following number of Directors under:
Money purchase schemes 1 .

‘The aggregate of remuneration and amounts receivable under Company long term incentive schemes of the highest paid Director was £187,000 (FY 20:
£3,000).

Increased Directors remuneration in the year reflects the reallocation of a Director's salary to the Company from another subsidiary of the Group, Alpha
Data Solutions Limited.

6 Other interest receivable and similar income
FY21 FY 20
£000 £000
Interest receivable - 1

Page 16


===== page 19 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2021
Notes (continued)
7 Taxation
Recognised in the profit and loss account
FY21 FY 20
£000 £000 £000 £000

Current tax

Current tax on income for the period (4) -

Adjustments in respect of prior periods (20) :

Total current tax (24) -

Deferred tax

Origination and reversal of timing differences 35 -

Effect of tax rate change on opening balances - -

Adjustments in respect of prior periods - -

35 -

Reconciliation of effective tax rate

FY21 FY 20

£000 £000

Profit for the year 16 20
Total tax expense . un -

Profit excluding taxation 27 20

Tax using the UK corporation tax rate of 19% (FY 20: 19%) s 4
Expenses not deductible for tax purposes 9) -
Group relief surrendered : -
Adjustments in respect of prior periods 16 -
Deferred tax not recognised a) -

Tax rate differences - (4)
Total tax expense n -

‘The UK corporation tax rate legislation announced is set to hold the corporation tax rate at 19% for the 2019/20 and 2020/21 tax years, An increase in
the UK corporation tax rate from 19% to 25% (effective 1 April 2023) was substantively enacted on 24 May 2021. This change will increase the
Company's future tax charge accordingly, but is expected to have an immaterial impact on the Company's future profits. The Company's tax charge in
the year reflects the release of prior year deferred tax assets and corporation tax liabilities.

8 Tangible fixed assets
Computer
equipment Total
£000 £000
Cost
Balance at | April 2020 20 20
Acquisitions 7 7
Disposals - -
27 27
Depreciation and impairment
Balance at | April 2020 (1s) (is)
Depreciation charge for the year @) @)
Disposals : :
ag) (18)
Net book value
At31 March 2021 9 9
‘At 31 March 2020 3 5

Page 17


===== page 20 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2021
Notes (continued)
9 Debtors
FY21 FY 20
£000 £000
Trade debtors 2 28
Amounts owed by Group undertakings 144 191
Capitatised implementation costs 5 188
Other debtors. 8 50
248 457

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are interest free and are repayable on demand.
Expected credit losses in relation to amounts owed by Group undertakings were immaterial in both the current and prior year.

Amounts relating to the capitalisation of non-distinct software implementation costs, incurred in advance of the commencement of the client’s licence
period, are recognised in current and non-current assets. Non-current capitalised implementation costs are presented on the face of the consolidated
statement of financial position, These current and non-current implementation assets in relation to Obsidian contracts are amortised over an expected
life equivalent to the contracted licence period. Amortisation recognised in the period in respect of these costs amounted to £69,000 (FY 20: £19,000) .
No impairment was deemed necessary in the period. No significant judgements have been made in determining the amount of costs to be capitalised,
which primarily comprise costs within scope of IAS 19 Employee Benefits,

10 Creditors: amounts falling due within one year
FY21 FY 20
£000 £000
Trade creditors - 2
Amounts owed to Group undertakings 26 97
Taxation and social security - 4
Deferred income 4 Isa
Accruals ” 33
17 347

Amounts owed to Group undertakings are either interest-bearing or non interest-bearing depending on the type of the creditor relationship and local
regulatory requirements, At the balance sheet date all of these balances are non interest-bearing. All amounts owed to Group undertakings are repayable
on demand. .

Deferred income recognises contract liabilities arising from the Company's revenue generating activities relating to payments received in advance of
performance delivered under a contract. These contract liabilities typically arise on timing differences between satisfaction of the performance
obligations relating to software licensing and the underlying billing schedule. The contract liability movement in the year represents these timing
differences across contracts at each year end, The following table sets out the revenue recognised in the current year that relates to carry forward
contract liabilities and the liabilities recognised in the current year which have been deferred to the next reporting period.

FY21 FY 20
£000 £000

Contract liabilities relating to contracts with customers at start of period 154 -
Increase in contract liabilities for the period 133 170
Contract liabilities released (54) (16)
133 154

Unperformed balances represents the revenue that the Company will earn from customers when the Company satisfies the remaining performance
obligations in certain contracts. These mainly relate to multi-year contracts which range between I to S years in which software access revenue is,
recognised over the access period. The following table sets out the aggregate amount of the contracted transaction price allocated to performance
obligations that are unsatisfied or partly satisfied at the year end date, Unperformed balances relating to contracts with an expected original life of less
than one year are not disclosed. Similarly, the Company has adopted the practical expedient not to disclose amounts under longer term contracts in
which the revenue is to be invoiced on agreed day rates. Revenue from unperformed performance obligations is expected to be recognised in the
following timeframes.

Page 18


===== page 21 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2021
Notes (continued)
10 Creditors: amounts falling due within one year (continued)
FY21 FY 20
£000 £000
To be undertaken and recognised within one year 165 99
To be undertaken and recognised between one and three years 133 106
To be undertaken and recognised after three years 1 -
299 205
Ww Capital and reserves
Share capital
FY21 FY 20
£ £
Allotted, called up and fully paid
144,219 ordinary shares of £0.001 each 144 144
2 ordinary shares of £0.50 each 1 1
8,475 preferred ordinary shares at £0.001 each : 8 8
153 153
Shares classified in shareholders’ funds 153 153
153 153

The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the
Company.
In the period, no fully paid up shares were issued by the Company at nominal value (FY 20: 2,672).

The holders of preference shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the
Company. On liquidation, preference shares are repaid before ordinary shares. These preference shares are not redeemable and dividends associated
with the shares are discretionary.

2 Related parties

Identity of related parties with which the Company has transacted

The Company has not engaged in any transactions with any related parties other than with wholly owned subsidiaries. These transactions have not been
disclosed as the Company has taken advantage of exemptions under FRS101.

13 Ultimate parent company and parent company of larger Group

‘The Company is a subsidiary undertaking of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, incorporated in England and Wales. The ultimate controlling
party is Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple.

Both the largest and smallest Group in which the results of the Company are consolidated is that headed by Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple,
incorporated in England and Wales. The consolidated financial statements of the Group are available to the public and may be obtained from 60.
Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB, or the website investors.alphafinc.com.

Page 19
