

===== page 1 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited

Annual report and financial.statements
Registered number 09737564
31 March 2023

mc

Att 15/11/2023 #.
COMPANIES HOUSE

WEDNESDAY

|


===== page 2 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
34 March 2023

Contents

Company information

Directors’ report

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the Directors’ report and the financial statements
Independent auditor's report to the members of Obsidian Solutions Limited

Profit and loss account

Balance sheet

‘Statement of changes in equity

Notes to the financial statements

PoSoaunana


===== page 3 =====
Company information

Directors

Company number

Registered office

Auditor

Banker

JC Paton

LJ Griggs .

GA Cook (Appointed 30 June 2022)
ENB Fraser (Resigned 31 March 2023)

09737564

60 Gresham Street
London

England

EC2V 7BB

KPMG LLP
EastWest
Tollhouse Hill
Nottingham
NG1 5FS

HSBC Bank UK

71 Queen Victoria Street
London

EC4V 4AY

Page 1

Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023


===== page 4 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Directors’ report
The Directors present their report and the audited financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2023.
Principal activities

The principal activity of the Company continued to be the development and provision of software and
related services for the asset and wealth management industry.

Results and dividend

For the year ended 31 March 2023 (FY 23"), the Company recorded revenue of £690,000 (FY 22:
£803,000). This is a result of a lower level of software licensing and implementation projects worked in
the year, albeit at an improved gross margin of 71.2% (FY 22: 65.6%). Profit after tax decreased to
£99,000 (FY 22: £136,000). The Company continues to hold significant net assets of £681,000 (FY 22:
£587,000), including £275,000 (FY 22: £213,000) of cash.

Directors have not recommended the payment of a final dividend (FY 22: Enil).
Future developments

The Directors are cautiously optimistic of improved financial performance in the coming year, whilst
remaining mindful of the continuing macro-economic uncertainty. The Company continues to present an
attractive data solutions and product proposition for asset managers. The Directors see further potential
in this offering. The Directors will continue to monitor the performance of the Company throughout the
coming financial period.

Directors

The Directors who held office during the year and at the date of this report were as follows:

JC Paton

LJ Griggs

GA Cook (Appointed 30 June 2022)
ENB Fraser (Resigned 31 March 2023)

Political contributions

The Company made ho political donations and incurred no political expenditure during the year (FY
22: Enil).

Engagement with suppliers and customers

The Directors note the importance of fostering strong relationships with the Company's customers
and suppliers through open’ communication and having regard for these relationships in strategic
decisions made relating to the Company.

Environmental reporting

In accordance with the Companies Act 2006 and HM Government's ‘Environmental Reporting
Guidelines’, the Company has not repeated those disclosures required in relation to the Company's
environmental reporting responsibilities (including Streamlined Energy and Carbon reporting) on
the basis that this information is available on our website in the Group's Annual Report & Accounts
2023 on pp. 40-41.

Disclosure of information to auditor

The Directors who held office at the date of approval of this Directors’ report confirm that, so far as
they are each aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the Company’s auditor is
unaware; and each Director has taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as a Director to
make themselves aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the Company's
auditor is aware of that information.

1 FY 23 js the financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2023. By comparison, FY 22 is the previous
financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2022. FY 24 is the subsequent financial year covering the 12
months to 31 March 2024.

2 Group refers to the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ple, and its subsidiaries.

Page 2


===== page 5 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements.
31 March 2023

Directors’ report (continued)
Auditor

Pursuant to Section 487 of the Companies Act 2006, the auditor will be deemed to be reappointed and
KPMG LLP will therefore continue in office.

By order of the Board.

Greg A Cook
Director

60 Gresham Street
London EC2V 7BB

8 November 2023

Page 3


===== page 6 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements:
31 March 2023

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the Directors’ report and the
financial statements

The directors are responsible for preparing the Directors’ Report and the financial statements in
accordance with applicable law and regulations.

Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that
law they have elected to prepare the financial statements in accordance with UK accounting standards
and applicable law (UK Generally Accepted Accounting Practice), including FRS 101 Reduced
Disclosure Framework.

Under company law the directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied
that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of
the Company for that period. In preparing these financial statements, the directors are required to:

+ select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;
«make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

« state whether applicable UK accounting standards have been followed, subject to any material
departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements;

« assess the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing; as applicable,
matters related to going concern; and

« use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company
or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and
explain the Company's transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial
position of the Company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the
Companies Act 2006. They are responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to
enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to
fraud or error, and have general responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to them to
safeguard the assets of the Company and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities. .

Under applicable law and regulations, the Directors are also responsible for preparing a Directors’ Report
that complies with that law and those regulations.

The directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the corporate and financial information
included on the Company's website. Legislation in the UK governing the preparation and dissemination
of financial statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.

Page 4


===== page 7 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Obsidian Solutions Limited

Opinion
We have audited the financial statements of Obsidian Solutions Limited (“the Company”) for the year

ended 31 March 2023 which comprise the Profit and Loss account, Balance sheet, Statement of changes
in Equity and related notes, including the accounting policies in note 1.

In our opinion the financial statements:

+ give a true and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs as at 31 March 2023 and of its
Profit for the year then ended;

+ have been properly prepared in accordance with UK accounting standards, including FRS 101
Reduced Disclosure Framework, and

» have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) ("ISAs (UK)”) and
applicable law. Our responsibilities are described below. We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities
under, and are independent of the Company in accordance with, UK ethical requirements including the
FRC Ethical Standard. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and
appropriate basis for our opinion.

Going concern

The directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concern basis as they do not intend
to liquidate the Company or to cease its operations, and as they have concluded that the Company's
financial position means that this is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no material
uncertainties that could have cast significant doubt over its ability to continue as a going concern for at
least a year from the date of approval of the financial statements (“the going concern period”).

In our evaluation of the directors’ conclusions, we considered the inherent risks to the Company's
business model and analysed how those risks might affect the Company's financial resources or ability
to continue operations over the going concern period.

Our conclusions based on this work:
« we consider that the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the
preparation of the financial statements is appropriate;

+ we have not identified, and concur with the directors’ assessment that there is not, a
material uncertainty related to events or conditions that, individually or collectively,
may cast significant doubt on the Company's ability to continue as a going concern
for the going concern period.

However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in
outcomes that are inconsistent with judgements that were reasonable at the time they were made, the
above conclusions are not a guarantee that the Company will continue in operation.

Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations — ability to detect

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to fraud

To identify risks of material misstatement due to fraud (“fraud risks”) we assessed events or conditions
that could indicate an incentive or pressure to commit fraud or provide an opportunity to commit fraud.
Our risk assessment procedures included:

+ Enquiring of directors as to the Company's high-level policies and procedures to prevent and
detect fraud, as well as whether they have knowledge of any actual, suspected or alleged
fraud.

» Reading Board minutes.

+ Considering remuneration incentive schemes and performance targets for management and
Directors.

+ Using analytical procedures to identify any unusual or unexpected relationships.

We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit team and remained alert to any indications
of fraud throughout the audit.

As required by auditing standards, we perform procedures to address the risk of management
override of controls and the risk of fraudulent revenue recognition, in particular the risk that revenue

is recorded in the wrong period and the risk that management may be in a position to make
inappropriate accounting entries, and the risk of bias in accounting estimates and judgements such

as share-based payment assumptions.

Page 5


===== page 8 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
34 March 2023

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Obsidian Solutions Limited
(continued)

We did not identify any additional fraud risks. We performed procedures including:

« — Identifying journal entries to test based on risk criteria and comparing the identified entries to
supporting documentation. These included unusual pairings with a credit or debit to an
account below EBITDA, unusual journals with a credit or debit entry to cash and unusual
journal entries with a credit or debit entry to revenue.

* — Assessing significant accounting estimates for bias.

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to non-compliance with laws and
regulations

We identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably be expected to have a material effect
on the financial statements from our general commercial and sector experience, and through discussion
with the directors and other management (as required by auditing standards), and discussed with the
directors and other management the policies and procedures regarding compliance with laws and
regulations.

We communicated identified laws and regulations throughout our team and remained alert to any
indications of non-compliance throughout the audit.

The potential effect of these laws and regulations on the financial statements varies considerably.
Firstly, the Company is subject to laws and regulations that directly affect the financial statements
including financial reporting legislation (including related companies legislation), distributable profits
legislation and taxation legislation, and we assessed the extent of compliance with these laws and
regulations as part of our procedures on the related financial statement items.

Secondly, the Company is subject to many other laws and regulations where the consequences of non-
compliance could have a material effect on amounts or disclosures in the financial statements, for
instance through the imposition of fines or litigation. We identified the following areas as those most
likely to have such an effect: anti-bribery and employment law recognising the financial nature of the
Company's activities. Auditing standards limit the required audit procedures to identify non-compliance
with these laws and regulations to enquiry of the directors and other management and inspection of
regulatory and legal correspondence, if any. Therefore if a breach of operational regulations is not
disclosed to us or evident from relevant correspondence, an audit will not detect that breach.

Context of the ability of the audit to detect fraud or breaches of law or regulation

Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an unavoidable risk that we may not have
detected some material misstatements in the financial statements, even though we have properly
planned and performed our audit in accordance with auditing standards. For example, the further
removed non-compliance with laws and regulations is from the events and transactions reflected in
the financial statements, the less likely the inherently limited procedures required by auditing
standards would identify it.

In addition, as with any audit, there remained a higher risk of non-detection of fraud, as these may involve
collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal controls. Our
audit procedures are designed to detect material misstatement. We are not responsible for preventing
non-compliance or fraud and cannot be expected to detect non-compliance with all laws and regulations.
Directors’ report

The Directors are responsible for the Directors’ report. Our opinion on the financial statements does not
cover this report and we do not express an audit opinion thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the directors’ report and, in doing so, consider whether, based on our
financial statements audit work, the information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with the
financial statements or our audit knowledge. Based solely on that work:

+» we have not identified material misstatements in the directors’ report;

+ in our opinion the information given in this report for the financial year is consistent
with the financial statements; and

+ in our opinion this report has been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act
2006.

Page 6


===== page 9 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements:
31 March 2023

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Obsidian Solutions Li
(continued)

ited

Matters on which we are required to report by exception
Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:
« adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit
have not been received from branches not visited by us; or

+ the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns;
or

» certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or
+ we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit; or

« the directors were not entitled to take advantage of the small companies exemption
from the requirement to prepare a strategic report.

We have nothing to report in these respects.

Directors’ responsibilities

As explained more fully in their statement set out on page 4, the directors are responsible for: the
preparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view; such
internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; assessing the Company's ability to
continue as a going concer, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern; and using the
going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor's responsibilities

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue our opinion in an auditor's
report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but does not guarantee that an audit
conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in aggregate,
they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of
the financial statements.

A fuller description of responsibilities is provided on the FRC’s website at
www. frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities.

The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities

This report is made solely to the Company's members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part
16 of the Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the
Company's members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no
other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to
anyone other than the Company and the Company's members, as a body, for our audit work, for this
report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Ax

Craig Parkin (Senior Statutory Auditor)

for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
Chartered Accountants

East West,

Tolihouse Hill

Nottingham NG1 5FS

10 November 2023

Page 7


===== page 10 =====
Profit & loss account
for the year ended 31 March 2023

Revenue

Cost of sales
Gross profit
‘Administration expenses
Operating profit
Finance expense

Profit before taxation
Taxation

Profit for the year

Note

Year ondod
31 March 2023
£000

690

(199)

491

124

i)
122
(23)

Obsidian Solutions Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023,

Year ended
31 March 2022

(276)

(367)

(24)

136

In both the current and preceding year, the Company made no acquisitions and had no discontinued

operations.

There was no other comprehensive income in either the current or preceding year other than those
disclosed in the profit and loss account, and therefore no separate statement of other comprehensive

income has been presented.
The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.

Page 8


===== page 11 =====
Balance sheet
As at 31 March 2023

Non-current assets

Property, plant and equipment
Copitalised implementation costs
“Amounts owed by Group undertakings

Current assets
‘Trade and other receivables
Cash and cash equivalents

Current liabilities
‘Trade and other payables

Net current (liabllities)/assets

Total assets less current liabilities

Non-current liabilities
Deterred income

Netassets

Capital and reserves,
Issued share capital
Share premium
Retained eamings

Total Shareholders’ equity

Ast

Note 34 March 2023

2000 2000

7 4

8 1

697

m2
8 59
8 275
334
10 (349)
(349)

(18)

697

(16)

681

" :

689

(8)

681

Obsidian Solutions Limited

Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2023

Psat
34 March 2022
£000 £000

a

213
818
(231)

(231)
587

628

(48)

582

(107)

582

The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements. These financial statements were
approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 8 November 2023. They were signed on

its behalf by:

Greg A Cook
Director

Company registered number: 09737564

Page 9


===== page 12 =====
Statement of changes in equity
for the year ended 31 March 2023

Asat 1 April 2024

Total comprehensive Income for the perlod
Profit for the period

Transactions with owners
Dividends

‘As at 31 March 2022

Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit for the period

Transactions with owners

Dividends

‘As at 31 March 2023,

Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Total

Issued Share Retained Shareholders’
share capital premium earnings equity
£000 2000 £000 £000

- 689 (243) 446

- : 136 136

- 689 (107) 582

- : 99 99

- 689 ®) 681

The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.

Page 10


===== page 13 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Notes to the financial statements
(forming part of the financial statements)

1 Accounting policies

Obsidian Solutions Limited (the “Company”) is a Company limited by shares, domiciled and registered in the
UK. The registered number is 09737564 and the registered address is 60 Gresham Street, London, England,
EC2V 7BB.

These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced
Disclosure Framework (“FRS 101”).

In preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement and disclosure
requirements of Intemational Financial Reporting Standards (“Adopted IFRSs"), but makes amendments
where necessary in order to comply with Companies Act 2006 and has set out below where advantage of
the FRS 101 disclosure exemptions has been taken.

The Company's ultimate parent undertaking, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc, includes the Company
in its consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets
Consulting plc are available to the public and may be obtained from 60 Gresham Street, London, England,
EC2V 7BB or on the website at alphafmc.com/investors.

In these financial statements, the Company has applied the exemptions available under FRS 101 in respect
of the following disclosures:

«  Acash flow statement and related notes;

« Comparative period reconciliations for share capital, tangible fixed assets, intangible assets and
investment properties;
Disclosures in respect of transactions with wholly owned subsidiaries;
Disclosures in respect of capital management;
The effects of new but not yet effective IFRS;
Disclosures in respect of the compensation of key management personnel;
Disclosures of transactions with a management entity that provides key management personnel
services to the Company; and

« — Disclosures of related party transactions.
As the consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc include the equivalent
disclosures, the Company has also taken the exemptions under FRS 101 available in respect of the following
disclosures:

« IFRS 2 Share-based Payment in respect of Group settled share-based payments; and

* Certain disclosures required by IFRS 16 Leases in relation to disclosure of the Company's leasing

activities.

The accounting policies set out below have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods
presented in these financial statements.

1.1 Basis of preparation

These financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, except for certain financial
instruments that are measured at fair value. _

The presentational currency of these financial statements and the functional currency of the Company is
pounds sterling. All amounts in these financial statements have been rounded to the nearest £1,000, unless
stated otherwise.

1.2 Significant judgements and estimates

The preparation of financial information in accordance with IFRS requires management to make
judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and reported
amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses.

The Directors have made one judgement, excluding those involving estimations, in the process of
applying the Company's accounting policies that are considered to have a significant effect on the
amounts recognised in the financial statements for the period ending 31 March 2023.

Revenue recognition

The Directors note that the process of revenue recognition in the Company requires a judgement to be made
‘on the identification of distinct performance obligations under the Company's software contracts with
customers. These contracts comprise software fees and other related services, which customers can access
over the life of the contract, in line with related performance obligations. Interpretation of the terms of these
contracts determine whether the performance obligation is satisfied over time or at a point in time. For further
information on the accounting policy implemented by the Company, please refer to section 1.9 below.

The Directors have not identified any significant estimates in the year ended 31 March 2023.

Page 11


===== page 14 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)

1.3 Going concern

In assessing the Company's ability to continue on a going concern basis for a period of at least 12 months
from the approval of these financial statements (the “going concern period”), the Directors considered the
Company's projected cash flows, cash liquidity and existing borrowing facilities.

The Company is profit making and cash generative, and had net assets of £681,000 at 31 March 2023. The
Company also has access, throughout the going concem period, to a revolving credit facility ("RCF") of
£50.0m, through other Group companies, providing further liquidity.

The Company prepared cash flow forecasts covering the going concern period. The base case assumes
trading performance over the forecast period in line with the Board-approved budget. The Directors
considered the principal risks and mitigants and analysed a range of cash flow downside scenarios including
a “reverse-stress test” scenario. This models the decline in sales over the going concern period that would
be required before all the available cash reserves are utilised. The Directors consider this scenario and the
sequence of events that could lead to it to be remote, as it requires significant annualised revenue reductions
compared to the base case, before modelling any mitigating actions, including cost reductions.

The Directors’ have considered the Company's recent trading, strong cash conversion, and new business
pipeline, while also remaining cognisant of the potential ongoing macroeconomic uncertainty.

After careful consideration of these scenarios, the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the
Company's existing resources are adequate to meet its requirements over the going concern period. On this
basis, the Directors consider that it is appropriate to adopt the going concern basis in preparing the financial
statements.

1.4 Foreign currency

Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the Company's functional currency at the average
foreign exchange rate in the month of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
currencies at the balance sheet date are retranslated to the functional currency at the foreign exchange rate
ruling at that date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a
foreign currency are translated using the average exchange rate in the month of the transaction and are not
retranslated. Foreign exchange differences arising on translation to functional currency are recognised in
administration expenses.

1.5 Financial instruments

The Company uses financial instruments comprising cash and cash equivalents and other short-term
instruments, such as trade payables that arise from its operations. The main purpose of these financial
instruments is to fund the Company's business strategy and working capital requirements.

Accounting policies in respect of financial instruments are outlined below.
Financial assets

Financial assets are initially measured at fair value plus or minus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair
value through profit or loss, transaction costs. The Company has not reclassified any financial assets
subsequent to initial recognition as at the balance sheet date. Reclassification of classes of financial assets
is accounted for prospectively in accordance with IFRS 9, where this is required. Any difference on
reclassification from amortised cost to fair value through profit or loss is recognised in the profit and loss at
the reclassification date.

Financial assets are assessed at each reporting date to determine a lifetime expected credit loss that reflects
the credit risk associated with the portfolio of assets. A financial asset is impaired in line with the simplified
approach under IFRS 9 which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance.

The Company recognises an expected credit loss provision in relation to financial assets. The simplified
method is applied to the Company's trade receivables as described below. The Company's expected credit
loss provision on all other financial assets is immaterial as the probability of default is low. Movements in
the expected credit loss provision are recognised in profit or loss.

Trade and other receivables

Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised
cost, less provision for impairment. A provision for impairment of trade receivables is established when there
is objective evidence that the Company will not be able to collect all amounts due according to the original
terms of the receivables. The provision is recognised in the income statement as an operating charge.

The trade receivables’ balances recorded in the Company's statement of financial position comprise a
relatively small number of large balances and are held until realised in cash.

Page 12


===== page 15 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)

1.5 Financial instruments (continued)

Alpha provides services to customers on credit terms with mainly arrears billing. Certain receivables may
not be paid. The Company applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses
which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables. To measure expected credit losses,
trade receivables have been grouped based on shared credit characteristics and the days past due. The
Company consider historical loss rates for each ageing category as a starting point for estimating the
expected credit loss. This historical loss rate is subsequently adjusted for macro-economic and customer-
specific factors of receivables within each ageing category. Characteristics considered by the Company for
these purposes include: historical collection experience for each customer; the assessed liquidity of key
customers within the receivables balance; and other relevant macro-economic factors in order to determine
a reasonable and supportable assessment of the expected lifetime credit risk in the context of the overall
year-end trade receivables due.

Amounts owed by Group undertakings

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at
amortised cost, less provision for impairment. A provision for impairment of intercompany receivables is
established using an expected credit loss model. The Company classifies all intercompany receivables that
form a part of the normal trading cycle of the Company as current, as well as non-trading balances where
the counterparty has sufficient resources to settle the balance within a twelve month period from the balance
sheet date. All other amounts owed by Group undertakings are considered as non-current assets.

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and call deposits and are recorded and subsequently
measured at amortised cost in line with IFRS 9.

Financial liabilities

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial
liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss. Financial liabilities are
classified as held for trading if they are acquired for the purpose of selling in the near term. This category
includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Company that are not designated as hedging
instruments in hedge relationships as defined by IFRS 9. As at 31 March 2023, the Company had no
derivative financial instruments or designated hedge relationships.

Other financial liabilities held by the Company are recognised at amortised cost.
Trade and other payables

Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value, equal to the transaction price, and are
subsequently measured at amortised cost. Trade payables due within one year are not discounted.

Amounts owed to Group undertakings

Amounts owed to Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at
amortised cost. Balances due within one year are not discounted.

1.6 Property, plant and equipment

All property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost (or deemed historical cost) less accumulated
depreciation. Cost includes the original purchase price of the asset and the costs attributable to bringing the
asset to its working condition for its intended use.

Depreciation is provided on all property, plant and equipment at rates calculated to write each asset down
to its estimated residual value on a straight- line basis at the following annual rates:

Computer equipment 3 years
Useful economic lives and estimated residual values are reviewed annually and adjusted as appropriate.

Page 13


===== page 16 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Notes to the financial statements (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)
17 Impairment (non-financial assets)

The carrying amounts of the entity's non-financial assets, other than deferred tax assets, are reviewed at
each reporting date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists,
then the assets’ recoverable amount is estimated. The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating
unit is the greater of its value in use and its fair value, less costs to sell. In assessing value in use, the
estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects
current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset.

For the purposes of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into
the smallest group of assets that generates independent cash inflows (the “cash-generating unit”); that is,
cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or groups
of assets.

An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its cash-generating unit exceeds its
estimated recoverable amount. Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. Impairment losses are
allocated between the carrying amounts of other assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro-rata basis as
a reduction in the value of the asset.

An impairment loss is reversed if and only if the reasons for the impairment have ceased to apply.

Impairment losses recognised in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indication that the
loss has decreased or no longer exists.

1.8 Employee benefits
Defined contribution plans

A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which the Company pays fixed
contributions into a separate entity and will have a legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts.
Contributions to defined contribution schemes are charged to the statement of comprehensive income as
they become payable in accordance with the rules of the scheme. Differences between contributions payable
in the year and contributions paid are shown as either accruals or pre-payments in the statement of financial
position.

1.9 Revenue recognition

Revenue consists of the value of work executed for clients during the year and expenses recharged,
exclusive of VAT. Revenue is classified into net fee income and recharged expenses. Net fee income is
measured based on the transaction price allocated to the performance obligation from the sale of goods or
provision of services. Net fee income is recognised either at a ‘point in time’ when the performance obligation
in the contract has been performed or ‘over time’ as control of the goods or services are transferred to the
customer. Recharged expenses comprise the recharge of costs incidental to fulfilling contracts including
flights, subsistence and accommodation on which nil or negligible margin is earned by the Company. The
Company delivers services that have no altemative use to Alpha (advice to clients, reports, etc) as the
services are specifically tailored to clients’ projects and scope of work.

Revenue generated from software licensing, hosting and related support services provided over a contracted
period of time is combined and allocated to a single performance obligation. These contracts are considered
to be satisfied over time, in line with the benefits being transferred to the customer. Revenue is recognised
‘on straight-line basis over the contractual licence term.

Implementation services provided by the Company to the customer are classified as either being distinct
performance obligations or non-distinct from the licensing and hosting promises described above,
dependent on the fact pattern within the underlying contractual arrangement. The Company considers the
Jevel of inter-dependency between the contractual promises, and whether the customer can consume the
benefits of the licence without the implementation service being performed. Where implementation services
are required for the customer to use the software, these services are considered to be non-distinct from the
licensing performance obligation. Therefore, the Company accounts for these as a single performance
obligation satisfied over the licence term, as described above. The Company generally considers the initial
phase of implementation to be non-distinct from the associated licence. The Company typically bills and
receives cash for these implementation services in advance of the revenue being recognised, resulting in
the recognition of a contract liability.

Costs directly related to non-distinct implementation work that are incurred prior to the commencement of
the licence are initially recognised as an asset, and are subsequently amortised through cost of sales

Page 14


===== page 17 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)

1.9 Revenue recognition (continued)
on a systematic basis, in line with the transfer of goods or services to the customer.

Other distinct implementation services, as well as separately billable maintenance, support, data assurance
and training are treated as separate performance obligations and revenue is recognised as these services
are delivered. .

Contract modifications relating to the renewal of software licences are accounted for as separate revenue
contracts. Other contract modifications are considered on a case by case basis.

Activity performance recognised as revenue in excess of invoices raised are contract receivables and are
included within accrued income, up to the value of the relevant project delivery milestone, where applicable.
On invoicing, the contract receivable is reclassified to trade receivables. Where amounts have been invoiced
in excess of revenue recognised, the excess is a contract liability and is included within deferred income.

In relation to licencing contracts, billing occurs at the beginning of the contractual licence period or
incrementally over the course of the licence, in line with the contractual terms. For implementation services,
billing typically occurs a month in arrears in line with a contractually agreed schedule.

Revenue is wholly attributable to the principal activities of the Company. For all revenue types, payment is
typically due between 30 and 60 days after the invoice date or receipt of invoice, depending on the client
and geography.

1.10 Cost of sales

Cost of sales is defined by management as the direct costs associated with the generation of the Company's
revenue, including staff payroll and contractor costs, subsistence and travel that are directly attributable to
the delivery of services and supporting growth.

With regard to the Company's software licensing arrangements, costs directly related to non-distinct
implementation work that are incurred prior to the commencement of the licence are initially recognised as
an asset and are subsequently amortised through cost of sales on a systematic basis, in line with the transfer
of goods or services to the customer.

1.11. Administration expenses

Administration expenses are defined by management as costs incurred by the Company that are not
directly associated with the generation of revenue. This includes items such as head office staff costs,
recruitment and professional fees and IT services, which are expensed as incurred. Administration
expenses exclude finance income and expenses and taxation, which are presented separately in the profit
and loss account.

1.12 Finance income and finance expense

Finance income includes interest receivable on cash invested. Finance expense includes interest payable,
unwinding of the discount on provisions, and discount unwinding associated with leases within the scope of
IFRS 16.

Interest income and interest payable on bank loans or amounts due to certain Group undertakings is
recognised in profit or loss as it accrues, using the effective interest method.

1.13 Taxation

Taxation expense on the result for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Current and deferred tax is
recognised in the profit & loss account, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in
equity, in which case it is recognised in equity.

Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income for the period, using tax rates
enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect
of previous periods.

Deferred tax is provided using the balance sheet liability method, providing for temporary differences
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used
for taxation purposes. The amount of deferred tax provided is based on the expected manner of realisation
or settlement of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted
at the balance sheet date.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the
Page 15


===== page 18 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)
1.13 Taxation (continued)

extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the
asset to be recovered. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right
to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities, and when they relate to taxes levied by the same
taxation authority and the Company intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

1.14 New accounting standards and interpretations

The following changes in accounting policies were applied by the Company in these financial statements
for the year ended 31 March 2023. These included the adoption of new standards and interpretations
described below.

The International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) have
issued the following standards and interpretations which are now effective:

* Reference to the Conceptual Framework (Amendments to IFRS 3), effective from 1 January
2022;

« Property, Plant and Equipment — Proceeds before Intended Use (Amendments to IAS 16),
effective from 1 January 2022;

«  Onerous Contracts — Cost of Fulfilling a Contract (Amendments to IAS 37), effective from 1
January 2022; and

« Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2018-20 Cycle, effective from 1 January 2022.

The Directors reviewed the nature and effect of these new standards on the Company and noted no material
impact on the financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2023.

The Directors have considered new standards and interpretations that have been issued but not yet been
effective, however have applied the exemption not to disclose this information under FRS 101.

2 Revenue
FY 23 FY 22
£000 £000
Rendering of services 690 803
FY 23 FY22
£000 £000
By activity
Licensing and implementation of sofware and associated services 690 803
3 Auditor’s remuneration
FY 23 FY22
£000 £000
‘Audit of these financial statements 39 ar

Amounts receivable by the Company's auditor and its associates in respect of services to the Company
and its associates, other than the audit of the Company's financial statements, have not been disclosed
as the information is required instead to be disclosed on a consolidated basis in the consolidated
financial statements of the Company's parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc.

Page 16


===== page 19 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Notes to the financial statements (continued)

4 ‘Staff numbers and costs

The average number of persons employed by the Company (including Directors that are directly
employed by the company) during the year, analysed by category, was as follows:

Number of employees
FY 23 FY 22
Administrative 1 2
Average number of employees for the year 1 2
The aggregate payroll costs of these persons were as follows:
FY 23 FY 22
£000 £000
Wages and salaries 130 224
Social security costs 7 24
Contributions to defined contribution plans. 2 2
Total staff costs for the year 139 247
5 Directors’ remuneration
FY 23 FY 22
£000 £000
Directors’ remuneration - 140

Company contributions to money purchase pension plan - -

During the year ended 31 March 2023, no director providing material qualifying services exercised share
options (FY22: £nil).

Number of Directors

FY 23 FY 22
Retirement benefits are accruing to the following number of Directors under:
Money purchase schemes : :
Long term share incentive plan : :

In FY 23 all directors were remunerated through other Group entities and provided no material
qualifying services to the Company.

Amounts paid or payable to certain of the Company's Directors through other Group companies have been
excluded from the above disclosure and included within the disclosures of other Group companies, on the
basis that their services are predominantly provided to other Group companies.

Page 17


===== page 20 =====
Notes to the financial statements (continued)
6 Taxation

£000
Current tax
Current tax on income for the period
Group relief payable
Adjustments in respect of prior periods

Total current tax

Deferred tax

Origination and reversal of timing differences O)
Effect of tax rate change on opening balances -
Adjustments in respect of prior periods :

Total deferred tax

Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

FY 22

£000 £000 £000
24 23
24 23

(5)

4

5
a) 1
23 24

An increase in the UK corporation tax rate from 19% to 25% (effective 1 April 2023) was substantively
enacted during the prior year on 24 May 2021. In FY 24, this change will increase the Company's current

tax charge accordingly.

The difference between the total tax expense shown above and the amount calculated by applying
the standard rate of UK corporation tax to the profit before tax is as follows:

Profit before taxation

‘Tax using the UK corporation tax rate of 19% (FY 22: 19%)
Fixed asset differences

Expenses not deductible for tax purposes

Group relief claimed

Payment received for group relief

‘Adjustments in respect of prior periods

Deferred tax not recognised

Total tax expense for the year

Page 18

FY23 FY22
£000 £000
122 160
23 30
(24) (23)
24 23

- 5

- (14)

23 24



===== page 21 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Notes to the financial statements (continued)

7 Property, plant and equipment
Computer
equipment
£000
Cost
Balance at 1 April 2022 . 28
Acquisitions -
Disposals -
Balance at 31 March 2023 28
Depreciation and impairment
Balance at 1 April 2022 (21)
Depreciation charge for the year (3)
Disposals -
Balance at 31 March 2023 (24)
Net book value
At 31 March 2023 4
At 1 April 2022 7
8 Trade and other receivables
FY 23 Fy22
£000 £000
Trade receivables 28 10
‘Amounts owed by Group undertakings 4 520
Capitalised implementation costs 23 73
Other receivables 4 2
Total amounts due within one year 59 605

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are interest free and are repayable on demand.

The Directors are satisfied that all outstanding amounts from subsidiary group undertakings are recoverable.
Expected credit losses in relation to amounts owed by Group undertakings was immaterial in both the current
and prior year.

Amounts relating to the capitalisation of non-distinct software implementation costs, incurred in
advance of the commencement of the client's licence period, are recognised in current and non-current
assets. Non-current capitalised implementation costs of £11,000 (FY 22: £34,000) are presented on the
face of the balance sheet. These current and non-current implementation assets in relation to Obsidian
contracts are amortised over an expected life equivalent to the contracted licence period. Amortisation
recognised in the period in respect of these costs amounted to £73,000 (FY 22: £82,000). No
impairment was deemed necessary in the period. No significant judgements have been made in
determining the amount of costs to be capitalised, which primarily comprise costs within scope of IAS
19 Employee Benefits.

9 Cash and cash equivalents
FY 23 FY 22
£000 £000
Cash at bank 25 213
Cash and cash equivalents 275 213

All cash and cash equivalents held by the Company are available for use by the Company with no
restrictions.

Page 19


===== page 22 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
10 Trade and other payables

FY 23 FY 22

£000 £000

Amounts owed to Group undertakings . 210 87
Deferred income 33 80
Accruals 106 64
Total amounts owed within one year 349 231

Amounts owed to Group undertakings are either interest-bearing or non-interest-bearing depending on the
type of the creditor relationship and local regulatory requirements. At the balance sheet date the majority of
these balances are non-interest-bearing. All amounts owed to Group undertakings are repayable on
demand.

Deferred income recognises contract liabilities arising from the Company's revenue generating
activities relating to payments received in advance of performance delivered under a contract. These
contract liabilities typically arise on timing differences between satisfaction of the performance
obligations relating to software licensing and the underlying billing schedule. The contract liability
movement in the year represents these timing differences across contracts at each year end. The
following table sets out the revenue recognised in the current year that relates to carry forward contract
liabilities and the liabilities recognised in the current year which have been deferred to the next reporting
period.

FY 23 Fy 22

£000 £000

Contract liabilities at the start of the year 126 133
Increase in contract liabilities during the year 3 126
Contract liabilities recognised in revenue during the year (80) (133)
49 126

The table below shows the revenue that the Company will earn from customers when the Company
satisfies the remaining performance obligations in certain contracts. These mainly relate to multi-year
contracts which range between 1 to 5 years in which software access revenue is recognised over the
access period. The following table sets out the aggregate amount of the contracted transaction price
allocated to performance obligations that are unsatisfied or partly satisfied at the year end date.
Amounts relating to contracts with an expected original life of less than one year are not disclosed.
Similarly, the Company has adopted the practical expedient not to disclose amounts under longer term
contracts in which the revenue is to be invoiced on agreed day rates. Revenue from unperformed
performance obligations is expected to be recognised in the following timeframes.

FY 23 Fy 22

£000 £000

‘To be undertaken and recognised within one year 144 299
‘To be undertaken and recognised between one and three years 147 282
To be undertaken and recognised after three years 32 79
323 660

Page 20


===== page 23 =====
Obsidian Solutions Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Notes to the financial statements (continued)

41 Share capital
FY 23 FY 22
£ £
Allotted, called up and fully paid
144,219 ordinary shares of £0.001 each 1446 144
2 ordinary shares of £0.50 each 1 1
8,475 preferred ordinary shares at £0.001 each 8 8
Balance at the end of the year 153 153

The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are
entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the Company.

The holders of preference shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and
are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the Company. On liquidation, preference shares are
repaid before ordinary shares. These preference shares are not redeemable and dividends associated
with the shares are discretionary.

12 Related parties

The Company has not engaged in any transactions with any related parties other than with wholly
owned subsidiaries within the Alpha Group, and remuneration of the Company's key management
personnel. These transactions have not been disclosed as the Company has taken advantage of
exemptions under FRS 101.

13 Ultimate parent company

The Company is a subsidiary undertaking of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc, incorporated in
England and Wales. The ultimate controlling party is Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc.

Both the largest and smallest Group in which the results of the Company are consolidated is that
headed by Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc, incorporated in England and Wales. The
consolidated financial statements of the Group are available to the public and may be obtained from
60 Gresham Street, London, England, EC2V 7BB, or the website investors.alphafmc.com.

Page 21
