

===== page 1 =====


===== page 2 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc

Annual report and financial statements
Registered number 09965297
31 March 2024


===== page 3 =====
The power
of our people

Annual Report & Accounts 2024


===== page 4 =====
Welcome to Alpha’s 2024
Annual Report and Accounts

Headquartered in the UK and quoted on the Alternative Investment
Market of the London Stock Exchange, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting!
is a leading global consultancy to the financial services industry.

Atpha combines highly specialist, sector-focused management consulting and
technology expertise to support the client transformation lifecycle. it has 1,000
consultants globally, operating from 17 client-facing offices* spanning the UR,
North America, Europe and APAC.

For more information, see the website: alphafmc.com/investors

Contents

Introduction

Corporate Governance

Financial Statements

Welcome

64

Chairman's introduction

4 Highlights
Strategic Report

Ata glance

Our global story

Building on our success

Investment case.

Chairman's report
Chief Executive Officer's report

Business model

Market overview:

Strategy

Key performance indicators

Chief Financial Officer's report

Section 172 statement

Looking after our people
Sustainable business

Task Force on Climate-Related
Financiat Disclosures

Risk management

Principal risks and uncertainties

Non-financial information
and sustainability statement

66

Board of Directors

68

Corporate Governance Code

70

Corporate governance report

76

Nomination Committee report

78

ESG Commitee report

108 Consolidated statement of
comprehensive income.

109 Consolidated statement
of financial position

110 Consolidated statement of cash flows

111 Consolidated statement of changes
in equity

80

Audit and Risk Committee report

84

Remuneration Committee report

95

Direciors' report

98

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities

2)

Independent auditer’s report

112 Notes to the consolidated
financial statements

145 Company statement of
financial position

146 Company statement of changes
in equity

147 Notes to the Company
financial statements

SASB Disclosure
154 SASB disclosure

Company Information

158 Directors and advisers

> Visit us online to see Aipha’s Sustainability Report

ofc ia on-location, hay si be cts gs ere atten



===== page 5 =====
Higraghs.
Financial highlights*

Revenue

£235.5m

Resilient trading performance in a more competitive
market environment; maintaining consistent
consultant day rates overall, albeit at lower average
utilisation, particularly over the Q2 summer months

£42.2m

Adjusted EBITDA reflects gross profit
and appropriately managed costs.

Operational highlights

Consultants®
1,000

Alpha continues to attract the highest caliore
consultants globally and has invested selectively
for future growth

New client relationships

Reflects robust demand, spanning ail
the Group's global businesses

Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Gross profit reflects lower average consuitant utilisation
and selective invesiment in Alpha’s growing teams,
while actively managing variable costs

£29.4m

Healthy net cash position and undrawn
£50.0m revolving crecit facility provides
further funding flexibility

Directors®

Continued growth of the global director team, adding
further senior talent and expertise to the Group

Acquisitions

1

Bolt-on acquisition of Shoreline”
consolidates Alpha's APAC presence

2
3
&
2
g
cy
g

Alt fnancial anes operating Mughights relate (¢ the year encied 31 March 2024 (FY 22° ana the comparative yeer 16 (0 3 March 2023 "FY 23-1 unless cinermse specifies All rounding and
percentage change caloulanons are trom ine basis of the Tnanciat statements  ELOs

The Group uses allernative perornance measures (APWS"] 10 oravice stakenolders further metrics to ai understanaing cf tre underiying trading pettormance of the Group These:
measures exclude veriam costs cluding aequisincn and itagration costs, eam-cut and deterred consideration costs, estrurturi'g costs and share-baced payment charges Refer 10
the Ghuet Financial Oftcar's Report end rigis 4 for further deta.

“Gonsultants” and “headcount” reter to fae-earrung consultants atthe yoa ond amoloyed sonsullants plus utlsed contracto“s in évent-facing roles

“Drgctors" refers to fee-generatng directors atthe year end Ali drectar nereases sre cresented as net. Alpha is progressively updating the A\reCIOr tie to “partner” some teams 10
better alg ig therrfoles in the ecnsutting markets

7 “Shoreline eters o Shoreline Consulting F1y Lid, Shoreline Gonsaiidated Ply Lts and subsidiaries acqured by Alpha an | May 202

ow

alphafme.com


===== page 6 =====
2 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

alphafme.cor

ci



===== page 7 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 3

Strategic
Report

g
a
A
cs
3
z
3
3
3
3

4 Atagiance
5 Qurglabal story
6

Building on our success

8 Investment case

& Chairman's report
12 Chief Executive Officer's report

16 Business model

18 Market overview

22. Strategy

24 Key performance indicators
26 Chief Financial Officer's report

31 Section 172 statement

36 Looking after our people

40 Sustainable business

48 Task Force on Glimate-Rejated Financial Disclosures

52 Risk management —

57 Principal risks and uncertainties

61 Non-financial information and sustainability statement

66 Alpha is head and shoulders
above the competition when
it comes to knowledge of the
asset management space.”

Director.
Global asset manager

alphatme.com


===== page 8 =====
Ata glance

Why we do what we do

Our purpose

To deliver outstanding outcomes for all our stakeholders: helping our
clients to make the most of the opportunities in their markets; providing

Our vision
To be the best consulting firm in

our people the best corporate experience possible; building a profitable
and sustainable business for our investors; and creating a positive

impact on our communities.

How we do it

Daveloping
highly focused

with the bast:
expertise

} Sector propositions J

SoNocturing tie: Prior
E Best culture that delivery
places people at the: IEEE a excellence and the
heart of the: best service

business ‘our clie!

What we do

Alpha is @ leading consultancy to the asset and wealth

management, alternatives and insurance sectors. We support

the client transformation lifecycle by providing management
consulting and complementary technology services that are
highly focused on the sectors in which we operate.

Management consulting

‘Our management consulting teams are experts in the
asset and wealth management, alternatives and
insurance sectors. Their goal is to help client
organisations make the most of the opportunities facing
them in a rapidty changing financial services landscape
of regulatory change, foc pressure, growth in assets and
insurance policies, and client and socista! expectations.
Our consultants help clients work more effectively

when requirements are new or more complicated, and
excel against strong competition.

We bring together the specialist industry knowledge,

deep expertise and outstanding focus on delivery excellence
of our global taams to help clients think smarter and shaps
their businesses for the future.

Technology consuiting

Gur technology consulting teams have unrivalled
knowledge of and expertise in the technology platforrns
and models used in the investment sectors. They
support clients in leveraging technology breakthroughs,
and delivering high quality business value through
technology solutions, implementations and software.
Against an ever-changing backdrop of new technology,
digitisation and automation choices, we help our clients
deliver relevant outcomes that protect, optimise and
deliver positive results.

ail the sectors in which we operate.

Our strategy

2 3
Roll out
Make selective
acquisitions

the client
proposition
globally

alphatme.com


===== page 9 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 5

Our global story

First we:
Became known to
our clients for the high
quality of our team.

— Focused on outsourcing,
operational change
and M&A integration,
with emerging
distrioution and
investments capabilities.

Then we:

~ Capitalised on our
reputation for
market-leading
consulting advice.

Continued to
develop consulting
solutions across the
asset and wealth
management chain.

North America

350+

consultants

New York (2009)
Boston (2015)
Toronto (2019)
Denver (2021)

San Francisco (2021)

UK®

380+

consultants

London (2003)
Edinburgh (2016)

of

We have: We will:
Established a global — Continue to build scale
capability and reputation both globally and across
for delivering some of a range of existing
the most chalienging markets by growing
and complex projects and differentiating the
in the industry. service offering,
Committed to a growth ~ Pursue with momentum
strategy that involves our objective to be
expanding the business recognised as the
organically, including leading consultancy to
into the insurance sector, the asset management,
and through highly wealth management,
complementary alternatives and insurance
acquisitions. industries globally - and,
ultimately, across financial
services worldwide.

furope APAC

consultants consultants

Luxembourg (2008) Singapore (2017)

Paris (2010) Sydney (2021)

Amsterdam (2015) Melbourne (2023)

, Geneva (2017)

Zurich (2019)

Copenhagen (2019)

Frankfurt (2021)

8. Attar tha year ena, Alpha nas launched a branch m Abu Dabs, sstuch wil italy be overseen by and form part of the LK business.

alphatme.com

g
a
3
a
3
2
2
3
3
Ey



===== page 10 =====
Building on our success

Alpha is launched

ating

Consulting

Maturity key:

Alpha's history 2008
Europe presence
is established, with
the opening of the
Luxembourg office.

e . Qe ies
2003 2009
"Alpha is founded in London US presence is
"as a provider of specialist established, with
consultancy services to the the opening of the
asset management industry. New York office

alphafme.com

Wealth Alter

ment

2013

| First private eau
"investment in Alpha

by Bard Capital.

Alpha today

nat

. 2015

ity i

| is launched.

2014

Creation of Alpha's
first Technology
Services practice
inthe UK.

North An

Alpha's Diversity &
Inclusion programme

2016

Investment in Alpha by
Dunedin, with Bard Capital
exiting in full, Alpha has

c, 209 consultants across
seven offices



===== page 11 =====
Annuaf Report & Accounts 2024 7

&& AP ADra. es arc focused o

for lonegeters. suocess amd a

4. Our stakerc

Luc Baqué
Chief Executive Officer

podey o1Bereng

Nort

2019 2023

Creation of the Pensions & Retal Investments practice Acquisition of Shoreline. a leading

the start of Alpha’s expansion into surance consulting, APAC-based consultancy.

Alpha acquires two more businesses: Alpha celebrates 20 years since i was
Axxsys, technology specialists for nvestmant founded in the UK as a single-bouitique
management cients: and Obsidhan, expanding managament consultancy 10 the asset

the Ang solutions suite, management sector.

on bone cr ctnmmentes 2 a Sos a ee | ee nee
2017 2021 2024
APAG presence is established, wath the opening Acquisition of Lionpoint, extending Alpha continues to grow, reporting

Alpna s alternatives capabilities, revenue growth to £285.5m,
ang increasing the global footmnt,
particularly in North America.

of the Singapore office,
Alpha acquires its first complementary pusiness in
TrackTwo, which becomes part of Aina,

Success{ul AIM admission with 2 market capitaltsation of
S160m. Aiphs has ¢. 300 consuttants across nine otfices,

aiphafme.com


===== page 12 =====
8 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Sis re

Astrong
track record

Investment case

be stagic Rene:

consultancy expertise and successfull usiness model. This nas
generated attractive returns for our shareholders sinca the Group's
AIM admission in October 2017.

corporate culture and commitment to learning and career
development. This allows us to achieve rapid organic growth
with low rates of attrition.

We have a long history of achieving strong growth in net fee income, fe)
cash generation and profitability thanks to our market-leading e (eo)

We attract, develop and retain the highest calibre consultants fe}
thanks to our competitive compensation framework, strong e (e}

The best
expertise

focus on, unlike many of our competitors. Alpha’s experienced,
expert director team has demonstrated an incredible track record
of anticipating our client needs and developing our proposition

to best serve them.

We are highly specialised in the financial services sectors that we 3 2 9
e

The best
culture

Avery strong people culture creates an environment in which
Alpha's employses fee! passionate about their work, their
colleagues, their communities and serving clients to the best
of our collective abitity.

client relationships, significant repeat business and cross-selling
opportunities, which neip drive market share gains.

The global asset and wealth management, alternative investments,

and insurance markets that we service are expected to continue

to grow strongly. They remain subject to long-term trends such 2 >
as growth in assets and insurance policies, regulatory demand,

cost pressures, client and societal expectations and technelogy

breakthroughs, which underpin clients’ needs for support with

their advisory, change, implementation and technology projects.

We have a reputation for delivering complex and challenging 3 6) 9 5 %
projects to the highest standards. Our record of delivery brings new ° °

The statoment that the Aloha Group's growth plan has an ambition to dauble the size of is busmness by 2028 i$ astwrational only and should nate construed a8 a prof forecast wathin
the eneaning of tre Takeover Code, There can be no certamty that Alpna will achieve Is amotion, which is subject to various assumptions, asks and Unoertamas ‘hal Could cause
Alpha's g-own to ditter materally fom ts expressed ambitca

alphatme.com


===== page 13 =====
Chairman’s report

ia!
™

Ken Fry
Chairman

Having consistently achieved growth since AIM admission in 2017,
the Group experienced increased competition in the global consulting
market and a lengthened sales eyc'e in FY 24, Against this backdrop,
Group net fee income increased 2.8% and 4.8% on a constant
‘currency basis. Client wins and trading have incrementally improved
in recent months with consultant utilisation approaching near
target levels by the end of the year, and maintained at this tevel
into the early part of FY 25. The Board views this as a resilient
performance within the broader market landscape, reflecting

the Group's robust business modal, leading expertise and

strong groposition.

Alpha's muiti-boutique madel, with its cross-selling frammawark
across regions and sectors, and collaboration between management
and technology consulting, is @ key part of Aiphe’s growth strategy.
The Group continued to invest selectively in the foundations that
support this growth agenda and made progress in a number of
key areas in the year.

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 9

‘The Group broadened and deepened its proposition, which will
support the future scaiing of the business, This included selective
hires or internal promotions in all regions. key hires to further establish
our insurance consulting offering in North America, and completing
the acquisition of Shoreline to consolidate our offering in the
APAC region.

Scaling up and rolling out our newer businesses, including
alternatives and insurance consulting continues to be one of
our growth piliars as we aim to meet our 2028" strategic target.
Our Altematives business, Lionpaint, saw increased demand
across all regions, particularly in North America, growing the
olient base with 55 new client wins. North America remains a
very exciting, strategic growth region for the Group and we
grew headcount by 15 overall.

We continue to enhance ang diversify our sector-specitic offerings,
in line with clent demand and needs. We are proud that the Alpha
offering now emiseds Technology Consulting and a software business,
in Aivig, which adds depth to aur delivery and cross-sell opportunity,
To capitalise on the technology opportunities that we see in all our
markets, both for standalone technology services projects and as
part of major change programmes, we formalised a number of
technology lead roles in our asset & wealth management and
insurance consulling teams,

The Group ended the year well positioned, with a healthy
nat cash position of £29.4m (FY 23: £59.2m),

Since Alpha began over 29 years ago, it has been our outstanding
staff thai has helped establish and earn a giobal reputation for
delivering challenging and compiex projects to the highest standards,
This year has been no exception and | want to take this opportunity
to thank Alpha’s people for their unwavering focus and excellent
Contributions in a challenging period. We believe that there are
very exciting opportunities ahead for Alpha, with such a strong
group of consultants and a culture that encourages and
celebrates success for everyone,

g
Fs
5
ca
@
2
FE
2
3
3



===== page 14 =====
10 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

en ee aE

Governance and the Board

The Board is dedicated to upholding the highest standards of

mel he corporate governance, We consider business ethics, integrity,

..¢  andstrong governance fundamental to reducing risk and securing
iong-term shareholder value. In recognition of the crucial rote the

. Board has in oversesing and advancing the Group's ESG" efforts,

5 the ESG Committee was formally established in the period, under

° the guidance of Jill May as Chair.

The ESG Committee's role is to maintain oversight of Alpha's
ESG agenda, ensuring that the Group complies with regulatory
requirements, meets the expectations of its stakeholders and
positions the Group for long-term sustainable success. The Board
intends to stay actively engaged with ESG across all relevant topics
as they evolve and, to thig end, we commenced a schedule of
Board training. emphasising current and emerging areas of
responsibilty across all ESG-related topics.



===== page 15 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 202411

For the first time this yeer. Alpha is publishing metrics and The power
information under the Task Force on Climate-related Financial of our pe opl e

Disclosures (TCFD", We have also published our first dedicated
Sustainability Report, which sets out the Grouo’s ESG progress
to date, vision and roadmap. The report covers our focus on
diversity and social responsibilty, strong governance, and playing
ur part in protecting the environment. The Board is fully suosortive
of Alpha’s first public diversity target and its ambition to identity
and progress actions that foster inclusion ancl increase diversity

acro8s the Grou, The enivanced disclosures aid our ESC statecy Employee insight

provide us with the frameworks necessary for long-term

sustainable growth. pra’y gomyr

The best

culture

g
3
3
&
=
z
z
3
3
&

ed cuiture

The Board is committed to engaging with shareholders and iraspect far
understanding their expectations. To this eng, we were pleased ois ir knew

to have completed a consultation with investors regarding Alpha’s 7
FY 25 Remuneration Policy and have incorporated their
feedback accordingly.

Dividend

In view of the recommended cash offer to acquire Alena by 2k" EONS,
Actium Bidco (UK) Limited ("Bidco"}, a newly incorporated indirect
subsigiary of certain funds managed by Bridgepoint Advisers
Limited ("Bridgepoint’), the Board is not recommending a final
dividend, If the acquisition does not complete, it's expected that
the Board would declare a final dividend in respect of FY 24

at 4 later date.

This means that we have a head start with teams who
enjoy collaborating and growing together, whilat delivering
exciting change to the industry, However, our culture goes
far beyond just being a cohesive team. Alpha also fosters.
an environment which celebrates personal and Group
Outlook successes whilst Untiringly providing the necessary

support to promote personai growth,
Although some chaltenges in the market environment remain,

the Group saw an uptick in client wing and consultant utilisation Despite growing at a phenomenal rate over the last years,
in the last quarter of FY 24, with utilisation levels maintained into our leadership team has protected the core pillars that
the start of FY 25, Long-term demand for our services remains Contribute {0 our ‘one-team’ structure, creating a sense
robust and is underpinned by ongoing structural drivers: growth of shared responsibility in our own collective success,

in assets under management and insurance policies, regulatory as wali as our clients’ successes, We see this translating
demand, cost pressures, client and societal expectations and into teams that are passionate about not only their own
technolagy breakthroughs. work and achievements put aiso colleagues and the wider

business, be that across geographies or business lines.
With a strong and high quality sales pipeline, a competing client

proposition, market-leading consultants and clear strategic objectives, ‘Our local management structures have individuals responsible
the Board remains confident in the Group's prospects. ‘or initiatives that support all corners of our culture framework,
from our social calendar and CSR initiatives, through to
‘our working environment. In my role as Culture lead on
the UK Management Commitiea, ! work alongside our
Chairman dsignated People and Recruitment leads who are responsible
da or for key supporting aspects, such as welibeing and inclusion,
which helps create and sustain a multifaceted cultura.

Ken Fry

Caoimhe Munif
Culture Management Committes Lead,
Asset & Weaith Management Consulting UK

Read more about our community and culture
in the looking after our people section on p. 36

10 €SG refers 9 environment soc: ana governance matters ana attorte

alphatme.com


===== page 16 =====
12 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Chief Executive Officer’s report

Luc Baqué
Chief Executive Officer

~edac

Pircreased 20

ati
igatec:
d deuve

nam

As previously reported, the Group saw increased competition
in FY 24 due to overcapacity in the global consulting market.
Alpha navigated this period well, ending the year with consultant
utilisation at close to target levels. This resilient performance
reflects the strength of our business model and the expertise

of our people in addressing clients’ needs and challenges,

even during more uncertain periods,

While the sales cycle remains longer as the supply and denarid
dynamics continue to rebalance, the drivers for clients seeking
Alpha’s services remain prevalent, which is evidenced by our
healthy global sales pipeline.

Despite the more challenging environment in FY 24, the strategic
growth pillars that underpin our ambition remain consistent
further expansion in North America, the global scale-up and
roll-out of Aipha's propositions, including alternatives and
insurance consulting, and selective acquisitions.

The year in review

The Group achieved modest growth in net fee income, reflecting
the resilience of the business model despite challenging market
conditions, Throughout the year, the Group actively managed its
cost base alongside utilisation and day rates, and continued to
build its pipeline of new business opportunities,

alphatme.com

Market demand levels were slower to recover than first anticipated,
anc our actions to manage the business through this environment
inciuded a limited number of redundancies to support affected
areas of the business. This was a very difficult decision, however
it was one that we felt was Commensurate with the levels of
demand, and key to achieving more normal levels of utilisation
and profitability,

As market conditions continued ta rebalance, consultant
utilisation rates improved through the final quarter, ending the year
at close to target levels albeit FY 24 margins remained lower than
historical leveis overall. Gross profit was £78.3m (FY 23: £80.4m)
reflecting lower average consultant utilisation, while maintaining
consistent day rates and actively managing variable costs.

12 months to 12 months to
31 March 31 March
a 204 es Change
Net fee income
UK £91.2m £87.1m AT%
North America £90.5m £ot.m (0.6%)
Europe & APAC £51.9m £49.0m 6.1%
Year-end totals £233.6m = £227.2m 2.8%
12months to 12 months to
31 March 31 March
oe 2024 2028 Change
Gross profit
UK £33.0m £35.0m (5.8%)
North America £28.3m £30.0m
Europe & £17.0m £15.4m
Year-end totals £78.3m £80.4m

The UK region, which continugs to attract clients and maintains
a leading reputation, generated 4.7% organic net fee income
growth to £91.2m (FY 23: £87.1m). The reduced gross profit
margin of 36.2% (FY 23: 40.2%) reflects lower average consultant
utilisation, partly offset by reduced variable costs and consistent
consultant day rates on the previous year. During the year, we
made selective hires as we invested for current demand and
future growth. in addition to maintaining our graduate programme,
which is a source of future talent, we were pleased to make a
number of key director appgintments. These included adding
three experienced directors to support Aipha UK’s wealth sector
proposition, where we are working with many of tne UK's top tier
wealth managers and private banks.

Alphas strategy includes relling out its proposition te new clients
and locations, A‘ter the year end, Alpha has launched a branch in
Abu Dhabi, which is overseen by anc will initially form part of the
UK business, Abu Dhabi is an important financial centre, and this
branch provides access to an area that is growing and transforming
rapidly. We are delighted that our offering, including cur investments
propesition and technology services, is already resonating well
and attracting demand.

North America net fee income was £80.5mn (FY 23: £91.1m)
and up 2.8% on a constant currency basis. This resilient performance
ina competitive market environment follows more than 50%
average annual organic growth in the previous three years.


===== page 17 =====
Akey pillar of our growth strategy, we continued to invast in our
services and people in this very sizeable market. broadening and
deepening our existing relationships and expanding our client base.
We added 58 new clients in the region in FY 24, and at the year
end the North America team had 357 consultants (FY 23: 342)
We are pioased that our proposition there, which now
encompasses three sectors {asset and wealth management,
alternatives and insurance}, is resonating so well and we are
proud that Alpha has again ranked in “America’s Sest Management
Constiting Firms" by Foroes and Statista, We remain confident in
the significant market opportunity of North America, which is over
Gight" times the size of the UK.

Europe & APAC deiivered net fee income growth of 6.1% to
£51.9m (FY 23: £49.0m), of which 1.4% was organic, tn tine with
‘our acquisition strategy, we welcomed Shoreline to the Group at
the start of the year. With the integration complete, this boutique
asset and wealth management consultancy reinforces our
Rosition in the APAC region. In Europe, we now have offices in
Seven financial centras and we were delighted to have been
selected as a “#1 Consulting Firm” in asset management in
France by Déciceurs Magazine in the year. Across Europe &
APAG, we continue to see @ very strong opportunity for Aipha's
combined proposition of management and technology consulting.

Alpha has continued to make pragress on its strategic growth
objectives, further cementing its position as a leading provider of
specialist consulting services within the financial services
industry. We have grown our global client base across the sectors
that we service. Our global medal, expertise and the alignment of
our practices to our clients’ sectors and core functions have again
enabled us to deliver some of the most comp'ex, challenging and
defining projects in the industry.

Lionpeint, our alternatives consulting business, experienced
another year of steady growth as our expertise and capabilities
continue to resonate with private equity, credit, infrastructure, real
estate and fund of funds clients. Traditional asset managers also
continue to seek 10 exeand their books of alternative investments,
which brings a need for technology investment and operating
mods consolidation. Joint-offer opportunities between Lionpoint
and our Asset & Wealth Management Consulting team therefore
represent a significant driver for future growth

Insurance consulting remains a strategic growth pillar for Alpha
and we were delighted to complete on a goal to launch in the US
in FY 24, appointing twe senior directors to spearhead progress
in that region. Both individuals have extensive industry experience
and established networks, which we wil! leverage to establish the
brand. In Europe, Alpna's insurance consulting business added
new clients, reinforced its capabilities and expanded its team of
deep sector experts.

#1 Consuiting Firm in asset
managament in France,
Décideurs Magazine

DECIDEURS

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 13

‘We have continued to develop and align the Group's technology
consuiting capabilities and solutions with our management consuttng
proposition for each sector: asset and wealth management,
alternatives and insurance. Our technology solutions and delivery
teams possess unrivalled knowledge and expertise in the technology
platfors and models utlised in those sectors, and we are delivering
important strategic outcomes for our clients, focused on cost
reduction, management insights, automation and efficiency,

and scale-up.

Acquisitions

We were pleased to complete the acquisition of Shoreline in

May 2023 to consolidate our offering in the APAC region. Selective
acquisitions remain a strategic growth pillar for Aipha and we
continue to review potential acauisition opportunities. Outline
heads of terms have been agreed recently with two small bait-on
‘opportunities, which are currently subject to ongoing due diligence,

Financial performance summary

Group net fee income increased 2.8% to £233.6m (FY 23: £227.2m),
mainty organically and 4.8% on a constant currancy basis.

Lower consultant utilisation and rising costs across a larger team,
partly offset by reduced variable costs, resulted in reduced adjusted
EBITDA on the previous year of £42.2m (FY 28: £48.6m) at an adjusted
EBITDA margin of 18.0% (FY 23: 20.8%). The Group delivered a slightly
improved margin in H2 compared to the first half as the rarket
continues to rebalance supply and dernand dynamics.

Adjusted profit before tax was £38.5m (FY 23: £44.0m}, and
adjusted earnings per share ("EPS") was 24.90p [FY 23: 29.27p)

Ona statutory basis, revenue increased 3.0% to £235.5m (FY 23:
£228,7m}, operating profit decreased to £25.1m [FY 23: £28.6m)
and protit belore tax was £22,6m (FY 23: £25.8m). Basic EPS
was 13.85p (FY 23: 15.82p).

‘The Group ends the period with increased sales wins and a strong
pipeline of new ousiness opgortunities, This resilient performance,
in the context of the competitive market conditions in FY 24,
demonstrates the sirangth of Alpha’s business model anc client
proposition. The Chief Financial Officer's report provides further
information about the financiai performance of the iast 12 months.

Our people

As Alpha celebrated its 20" anniversary this financial year, we
‘take pride in our tearm and our achievements. Aloha started life
a8 a single sector consultancy in the UK. The Group now includes
1,000 consultants, in acicition to its business operations stall,
with offices in a number of locations across the globe.

In 20 years, one thing has remained consistent about Alpha’s
success: our peopie,

“1 Thinking Anead insutbte and Sengions & Investments "the wera’ lergest £00 asset managers” ciover 2023),

aiphatme.com

g
3
A
.“%
3
z
g
3
a



===== page 18 =====
14 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Our people continued

Our clients recognise the quality of our people and their exclusive
sector-specific focus, It helps to define our proposition, but what
makes us stand out as a market-leading consulting firm is our
global teams’ unrelenting attention to delivering projects to the
very highest standards. This has always been reflected in the high
levels of repeat business and growth of our client base, and was
evidenced by over 90% of ravenue in the year being generated by
existing clients. | am proud of Alpha's people every year, but this
year has been exceptional for its challenges and | am particularly
grateful fer the focus on solving clients’ needs and delivery
excellence shown in this difficult market environment.

While we focus oa identifying and attracting the right people to
Alpha, it is also important that we can retain, nurture and develop
the best consutting talent in the market. We constantly strive to
ensure that we foster an inclusive and meritocratic culture that
offers opportunities for progression and success, aided by a robust
support system. We were Gelighted to have been nominated and to
have won a place in the Top 10 Best Large Companies to Work For
and as a Top 5 Consultancy to Work For by Best Companies, a
leading employee engagement specialist in the UK.

While in the last 12 months we have approached hiring selectively,
reflecting the wider market environment, we are pleased to have
grown our headcount of global consultants to 1,000 (FY 23: 994}
We made 15 director appointments, including hoth strategic
additions in ail our regions and internal aremotions, underscoring
our ongoing investment in talent development and progression.

Asat Asat
31March 31 March
oe a 2024 2023 Change
Consultant headcount
UK 386 394 (2.3%)
North America 357 342 44%
Europe & APAC 258 258 -
Year-end totals 1,000 994 0.6%

Sustainable growth

At Alpha, we are focused on building a platform for long-term
success and delivering outstading autcomes for all our stakeholders.
We nurture and safeguard a strong sustainability culture, which
for us means cornmitments to diversity and inclusion, community
impact work and our actions to address climate change.

Top 10 Best Large Companies
to Work For award

In the last year, we have continued te develop our ESG
frameworks and reporting disclosures. We recently published
our first dedicated Sustainabalty Report, which explains Aloha’s
position and objectives, and the governance we use to apply
and moniter them. | encourage you to read it to understand
more about our focus on diversity and sociat responsibility,
strong governance, and the gart we want to play in the
environment and combating climate change.

Diversity and inclusion is one of the most important focus areas
for Alpha, now and as we grow the business. We can be a batter
employer and a better partner for our clients through the diversity
of perspectives that our people bring, and we are on a journey to
improving the diversity of our teams globally. We were delighted
to announce our first public diversity target this year, for 25% of
the global director team to be women or nonbinary in five years’ time.

We are also very excited about the progress being made in the
financial services sectors we operate in, We are proud that ESG
is at the heart of Aipha’s service offering and that we can support
clients in adopting relevant and meaningful approaches, We look
forward to sharing more about aur developments and plans as
they progress.

Current trading and outlook

Despite some uncertainty and ongoing challenges as the supply
and demand dynamies in the global consulting market continue
to rebalance, client demand remains rabust, and consultant
ulfisation has improved through the last quarter of FY 24 and was
maintained into the early part of FY 28. While further improvement
in utiisation is required in certain areas of the business through
FY 25, we enter the year with a strong new ousiness opportunity
pipeline, higher sales win levels and a healthy net cash position

The long-term structural drivers of demand including growth in
assets and insurance policies, regulatory demand, cost pressures,
client and societal expectations, and technology breakthroughs
continue to present significant growth opportunities for us.

We have continued to invest in our people, recognising their
importance in our future growth, The trust and relationships that
our people cultivate with our clients provide significant cross- and
joint-seling opportunities between our sector-focused services,
Our peopte and client relationships are cornerstones of our
business model and organic growth ambitions.

We also continue to see and respond to the strategic growth
drivers of North America and addressing the market opportunity
in the newer sectors of Insurance and alternatives, Our selective
investments in people, the service aroposition and our business
model, make us well placed to capitalise on improving

market conditions.

With the structural drivers of demand remaining in place, our
market-leading consultants, and our highly compelling client
proposition, we are well positioned for the future and remain
focused on our ambition to double the business again by 2028"°

Luc Baqué
Chief Executive Of heer

12 The statement that the Alpha Group's growth plan has an ambition to double the size of ts business by 2028 is aspirational only anc shaule not be construed as a prott forecast within
the meaning of the Takeouer Code. There can be no certainty that Alpha wil achievo ls ambtion, which is subject to various assumptions. risks and unceriainties that could cause

Alpna's growin to differ materially ham Ws exoressed ambstion

alphatme.com


===== page 19 =====
How is the competitive environment
impacting your utitisation?

The global consulting market has experienced a more competitive
environment during FY 24 and this has resulted in a longer sales cycle
and, consequently, utlisation levels were impacted. We ware pleased
to be able to maintain consistent consultant day rates during FY 24,
which continue to hold steady inte FY 25. This reflects the quality

‘of our service offering anc our specialism in financial markets
sectors, where we can add significant value to our clients, We elieve
that consuttant utilisation will be more straightforward to recover in
due course, as we have begun to see in Q4.

Why has Alpha continued to hire

during this period?

Whilst we have siightly increased our overall headcount, FY 24
growth was more modest than in previous years. We have been
very solactive in the appointments, focusing on future
development in line with our strategy. For example, we hired hwo
very experienced directors to establish our Insurance Consulting
business in North America and have grown our Lienpoint team as
we continue to build up the alternative investments proposition.
Alpha is also committed to developing and fostering early talent,
offering a competitive graduate scheme, and we welcomed a
further graduate intake in the period, In all these cases, we see
these appointments as cautious but appropriate steps to
harnessing significant potential growth over the coming years.

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 46

Can you tell us about your new business
pipeline and the sales cycle?

We expect longer sales cycles to remain a feature in the shorter-
term as clients strive to balance their costs with their immediate
and long-torm priorties. However, there are signs of improvement
and Aloha is well placed for that recovery. Our sales pipeline
indicates robust demand tor our services, with ever-greater
collaboration between management and technology consulting
presenting a strong opportunity for the combined go-to-market
approach and cross-sell. We are excited about the global nature
of our pipeline, which includes a strong mix in sectors and
practice areas, including significant multi-year programmes of
work. We have already seen some more positive market
sentiment at the start of the current financial year, with a good
level of new business wins,

g
3
3
2
2
2
3
3
3
3

How do you feel about your
2028 ambitions?

We remain focused on our ambition to doubte net fee income
again by 2028", which has been our goal since we announced it
in March 2923. Our priority is to achieve this whiis maintaining a
record of profitable growth, We have been taking action to protect
our margins and profits in the current environment, alongside a
strong focus on business development, and we believe that these
market conditions wil be a short-term feature. Underpinning these
are the key pillars of our strategy: scaling up and broadening our
sector-focused proposition: enhancing and diversifying cur offering in
geographical markets, such as in the significant North America
market; and making selective acquisitions.

alphatme.com


===== page 20 =====
16 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Straccgi Re

Business model

Our resources

Financial:
strength
We draw an the We cultivate strong, We maintain close Our consultants We are a consistently
market-leading long-term relationships contacts with vendors, specialise exclusvely 9 profitable and
experience, knowledge with clients, feading to industry bodies, particular sectors, cash-generative:
and highest delivery high levels of repeat regulatory authorities and meaning we are fully Group with the financial
standards of our people business and competitors to inform our focused on each of the resources to invest in
to solve Gur clients’ opportunities to. understaniaing of the client segments we expanding our activites:
problems and meet cross-sell multiole: markets in which we address. We offer insight, giobally and to new client
their objectives. service offerings. ‘operate and support our methodologies and types and consutting areas.
work for clients thought leadershio based
on our leading pesttion in
the market,

Our competitive advantages

~ Ablity te identity, attract end retan the — Ability to apply best practice, differentiating Continuous development of the proposition
best talent. intellectual property and data, technology to anticipate client needs.
- A:strong culture that fosters excellence, solutions and market-leaciing knowledge ‘An emphasis on providing the highast quality
collaboration ang ethical conduct. developed over 20 years, of sarvioe andi, wherever possiole, exceeding
Amult-boutique structure with an extremely clents’ expactations.

A focused, specialist propasition for the asset
and wealth management, alternatives and
insurance sectors.

slid cross-satling framework and culture
of collaboration

How value is shared

Clients Shareholders Our people Community Environment
We halp asset and wealth We deliver long-term We enable aur people to We promote athical conduct We prictitise evaluating our
managers, insurance capital appreciation for our develop their skills ancl and a corporate cuture that impact an the environment
companies. private market investors through share their careers by working cn gives back to the wider by understanding our
firms, service provicksrs, prioe growth and regular high-impact projects with community anc! values energy usage and our
platforms, intermediaries. dividend payrnerts, the leading compares in iversity and inclusion in carbon feotprint. We will
technology partners end e supported hy the Group's their specialist aia. We its Livadest sense, We contibute to #3 protection
range of other buy-side continued growth. We offer a menitocratic ancl contrioute by supporting by seeking to reduce
firms sowve their most preserve the value of ther enjoyable corporate culture charitable initiatives greenhouse gas emissions
pressing strategic investment by managing alongside incentive including our Chanty of wherever possible and
Problems and become risks appropriately. schemes, training and the Year programme, and continuing to offset those
more successful, support to facitlate region-soecific voluntearng that we cannet reduce.
individual development and mentoring.

and progression,

146 154.9% 50%+ £100,000+ 100%

alphafme.com


===== page 21 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 ald

How we create vaiue

g
Es
a
s
z
a
g
3
BS

Seooraeh

Management Philosophy

Beet talent Best expertise Best culture

Strategy in action

2 3

Roll out
Make selective

acquisitions

the client
proposition
globally

Global operations model

. Business management ,
Finance and change IT operations Risk
Legal and Human resources Recruitment Responsible business

corporate affairs

alphatme.com


===== page 22 =====
18 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Joe Morant
Global Head of Asset & Weaith Stuart MeNuity
Management Consulting Globat Head of Insurance Consulting

a

rn Lee Griggs
aoe Global Head of Aivig

Nick Fienberg
Global Head of Lionpaint

alphatme.com


===== page 23 =====
Long-term structural drivers shaping our

Annual Report & Accounts 202419

inancial services clients in asset

and wealth management, alternatives and insurance:

Em 1. Growth in AUM and GWP

£

Ee 0% Glotiat SUA GAGA. 2018 10: 2088 expected to odntinuel®
Ea OMG toracdstnd: GAGA ii giokal ineuranice mancar

Alpha's clients have faced challenging macro conditions in the
last two years, including high interest rates and inflation, which
have not been as transitory as expected, alongside a return of
market volatility. Despite these hurdies, the underlying drivers
for growth persist. Assets under management have continued
to grow globally, with a five-year compound annual growth rate
((CAGR' of 6% with net flows remaining positive. We would
expect these trends to continue”.

Impact and scale *

Against this backdrop, investment firms are actively pursuing
diversification, Asset managers are broadening thelr investment
strategies based on market demand, developing stratagies in
alternatives, sustainable products and, particularly in the US,
active ETFs. Private equity, alternative credit, infrastructure and

real estate are experiencing sustained growth in this regard. and

assets under management for this section of the market have
continued to grow globally with a 5-year CAGR of 1196". This
strategy allows firms to provicle mars comprenensive solutions
and diversification to both institutional and retail investors, as
regulations evolve for the latter in iligquid aset classes.

For insurers gross written premium {"GWP") projections

continue to grow driven in part by higher rates and a growing
global middle class. Consequently we are seeing a particular
focus from our clients on how to increase their share of GWP.

With growth projected te continue in the Group's core client
markets, the demand tor consulting services is anticipated to
grow over the long term. This favourable market outlook provides
robust underlying prospects for Alpha’s businesses globally.

Alpha has an excelient record of anticipating and addressing
client demand and evolving needs while enhancing its competitive
advantages. This includes deepening and broadening its
sector-specitte expertise, ieveraging established delivery
frameworks, strengthening technology transformation
cavabilities, and providing industry insights across the asset
and weaith management, alternatives and surance sectors.

Alpha's response *

12 Broagtdge Glonai Marke: Wa! gence Cata 2025),
14 Allanz, 'Navgates yroath ans challenges. a racy
‘changing warle? May 2024,

15 The TRADE, Quer ath

Sosts" June 2029)

of asset managers are
fanning to renecohate tees eth venaars 19 'owar

2. Cost pressures and M&A

| Owde F Wht Basset managers are planning to
renegotiets foes with vendors to tower costs!

ZB inciease in the wajus of MA activity in Gt 2008
ag Compared to C1. 2028

An increased cost oase from inflation and higher rates coupled
with margin pressures from lower-cost products and increased
regulation have caused a deterioration in cost-income ratios
Consequentiy, clients are fooking at how to improve profitability.

Firms continue to pull classic cost levers to address this,
including process optimisation, global enterorise technology
solutions, spans of control, outsourcing, and re-tendering.
Our clients foliow similar guiding orincipies when transforming
their cost base: to ensure any cost-cutting dees not paralyse
growth, to identify and implement quick wing early, and to
balance traditional cost-saving measures with the nuances

of their relevant sectors.

There is a renewed focus on sales enablement and data driven
decision making to improve competitiveness while seeking to
manage costs, which is often underpinned by technological change.

We also expect an inorease in M&A, joint venture or alliance
activity as well-capitalised companies look to expand glabally
into new capabilities and emerging markets but with less of a
drive to realise cost synergies via acquisition.

We anticipate increases in this type of activity as interest rates begin
tonormaise, and pressure mounts to put committed capital to work,
We have already seen a big uptick in activity trom our private equity
clients from the second half of FY 23, particularly in the wealth
segment across technology, plattorms and financial advisers.

Alpha has built a reputation among clients as a market-leading
Specialist consultancy to support projects that address structural
cost Grivers in their business, We recognise the nuances of our
sector, and that benchmarks are an input, not the answer.

‘Our approach is valued because we not only advige on “what”
the targets should be but "how" to achieve them,

We support clients in identitying long-term growth opportunities
instead of short-term remadies, recognising that cost review
exercises Cannot paralyse growth,

Through our sector specific offerings, we support different
clients in cansidering and reconfiguring operating models and
addressing cost structures across their organisations.

‘Our MBA proposition helps clients identity, evaluate, and execute
acquisitions to assist them in realising their strategic goals. Clear
valuation creation planning will became ever more important tor
portfolio companies, an area in which our industry experts assist
‘our clients.

26 Rta Banker Inlertationsl, M&A m tnancat gervicos
elecreased in OF 2020" Way 2524)

alphatme.com

g
Fy
é
cs
2
Zz
3
3
3
Ey



===== page 24 =====
20 Annual Report 8 & Accounts 2024

3. Ongoing regulatory change

Trend

| $10.SB of raquictory tines pare scons authoniton
YO fngncials services. fins ia. ooew" :

Statistic;

Global reguiators continue to focus on the outcomes customers
are receiving from products and services. There is also an
increased focus on resiliency driven by market volatility and
geopolitical risk. A growing number of technology focused
regulations are looking at technological advances, Al and data
security which must be adhered to without hampering
competitive edge.

impact and scale

In adgition, globai rule sets are becoming more complex. Clients
with a global feotprint face the challenge of ensuring consistency
in their approach to diverse regulatory regimes across jurisdictions.

A large and evolving agenda of regulatory change puts pressure
on all parts of our clients’ businesses to ensure compiiance.
Heads of Risk and Compliance need ta ensure that their teams”
skillsets keep pace with the complexity of the regulations
surrounding ESG, cyber, financial, and operational resilience.

The need for faster and better data to evidence compliance
remains a fonger-term priority. Regulators continue to follow
amore data-led supervisory approach and increase their
expectations of firms’ capabilities. The challenge of regulatory
divergence and differing rules across mulli-jurisdictional
business models remains a key focus aroa.
Alpha supports some of the world’s leading asset and wealth
managers, alternatives investment managers and insurers in
developing their compliance, operational resilience, and risk
management frameworks.

Aipha’s Regulatory Risk & Compliance practice covers most
financial hubs. It comprises a team of seasoned sx-regulators,
practitioners, and experienced consultants who know how
global regulators think and what they expect.

Alpha’s response

Alpha can therefore bring leading regulatory expertise

and market best practices to transform how our clients
handie regulatory compliance and risk. We focus on efficient
regulatory change implementation and supporting our clients
to juture-proof with adaptive compliance and proactive risk
management frameworks.

The team also works closely with Alona’s ESG & Responsible
Investment practice, Aipha’s technology and data teams to
combine Knowledge and expertise in acidressing complex.
ragulatory challenges and obligations and making the necessary
updates to operating models and data governance.

17 FinTech Global, “Neugaling the requiatory mnebekd” Wanuary 2024)

technology breakthroughs

FO GF asset ana waatth vnenagemént service providers. =
P alae generative Al wil positively impact: rushens in: the
Hest 12 to 18 monthal®’

Technology transformation remains a core priority ‘or our
clients. Margin pressure, regulatory compliance and increased
competition are all leading to investment in technology. There
has also been significant advancement in the technologies
themselves such as cloud-enabled integration and Al

Much focus on technology innovation picks us an the idea of
getting closer to clients, for example via hyper personalisation,
and Alpha's clients are looking at how thay can get closer to the
customer relationship via technology, data and digital servicing.

For alternative investment managers, we continue to see growth
across all asset classes, particularly allernative credit. We have
also seen increasing retail aopetite for access to alternatives,
which comes with regulatory scrutiny, These asset classes
tequire best-of-breed technologies underpinned by robust

and transparent data models and architectures.

Our management and technology consulting services offer
complete solutions for clients locking to optimise their operations
and processes while investing in efficient technology solutions.

Alpha's sector-focused consultants, including our specialist
offering for alternative investment managers, enables clients to
receive highly relevant advice and implementation approaches
across technology, data and digital challenges and opportunities

We continue to scale up and globalise other relevant practices, such
as data and cloud services in our Technology Consulting business.
We are also expancing our data sciance proposition to make data
and analytics an essential business too! in delivering operational
efficiency gains and supporting strategic decision making.

Alongside our consulting offering that encompasses analysis,
solution's definition and imolementation, Alpha's Aivia business
offers a data-driven software platform for asset managers, The
core AUM and flows product addresses the need for investment
managers to make informed decisions powered by data.

As Al-continues to evolve and present new oppertunities and
challonges to our industry, Alpha's Al specialists help clients
grapple with how best to deploy this technology, and form a
comprehensive Al strategy. We are also seeing increased
demand for Al implementation, often linked to a focus on cast.

18 HFS, “HFS Honzons. The Best Service Providers for Asset ard Wealth Menagement, 2024" (lenuary 2024}.
19 Internationat Association af Credit Portiolio Managers, "How Financial Services Firms Are Wrestling with ESGT May 2023),

alphatme.com


===== page 25 =====
5. ESG and societal expectations

| Bo ct tosinticl services thms expect mice inlaence trom
Regulators: 18 iiemdee ESQ antivities”?

ESG continues to evoive trom a commercial priority 19 a regulatory
necessity, Sustainability and responsible investment teams have
been under intense and prolonged pressure as they support their
firms’ compliance efforts with sustainability-related regulation and
address emerging anti-ESG sentiment in some regions

Looking forward, we will see continued focus on meeting
£SG-related regulation and increased attention on existing
and emerging sustainability themes, including climate, natural
capital, social factors, and double matoriaiity - considering an
investmsnt's ESG impacts on the world and the financial
materiality of ESG factors. The effective integration of ESG
datasets creates a new chalienge for technology and data
operating rnodels,

Akay priority for Heads of Sustainability and Responsible
Investments will be using their teams to the best effect and
positioning their efforts as a strategic driver of value for their firm
Differentiating their sustainability value proposition from peers will
be a particular challenge whist they drive deeper ESG integration
into the investment process.

Our FSG & Responsible investment team has unrivaled
experience and market insight to helo clients define and embed
their chosen ESG approach and operating model. Our extensive
expertise in sustainability regulation enables us to support them.
in their journeys to Understanding and responding to regulations
such as TCFD, SOR end now CSRD,

We work in mutiple geographies to deliver arojects across public
and private assets for assel managers, asset owners, and wealth
and insurance clients.

ur consulting work in this area remains complementary to
Alpha's core consulting capabilities, which include work on
product, regulations, data and technology scalability, and
olient engagement.

in response to client demand, we are also helping organisations:
in areas such as sustainability risk and greenwashing, These
capabilities underpin aur core stratagic offering of supporting
clients in defining their ESG and responsible investment vision,
strategy. and roadmap with market-leading assessments and
peer insights.

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 ay

The power
of our people

ry
rf
g
g
o
2
3
3
3
a

Employee insight

Alpha's core offerings to investment managers and
insurers are highly differentiated and we are well placed
to accelerate our growth in the largest single-market

jp the worid,

in asget management, we see huge opportunities to
‘expand our coverage cf the hundreds af “boutique”
{$10-100bn AUM) managers in the United States,

The Canadian market also offers amazing arowth
opportunities particularly with the large public pension
funds, We are growing cur footprint with asset owners
and insurance-owned managers across the region.
Wealth management has the potential to be as large
as asset management for Alpha, and we ave investing to
take advantage of the enormous opportunities for growth
that we see in this segment.

Trends in the market are creating new opportunities for us
to service our clients. We are uniquely well placed to help
asset managers and alternatives managers capitalise on
the continued growth in private markets. We are helping
clients to navigate margin pressure with cost optimisation
programmes. And the growth of new products such as
direct-indening and retail SMAs in the United States have
clients seeking Alpha's advice given our unique vantage
point and expertise across the value-chain.

We continue to grow our technology consulting
capabilities across all our segments in North America
and are seeing growing demand for our unique brand
of high-quality technology consulting backed by
industry-leading, business-focused expertise.

We see enormous potential for continued growth in the
vast and dynamic North America market.

Mike Burns
Head of Asset 8 Wealth Management
Consulting North America

aiphatme.com


===== page 26 =====
22 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Ye cor inua te

as aleadina

group, our strategy fo: grows
irohudes the swing eer

[J Read more about our strategy in the
Chiet Executive's report on p, 12

Scale up and broaden the
Group's client prepesition by
adding services and consulting
activities that tagether present
a differentiated and more
comprehensive offering

Roll out the client proposition
globally and progress
opportunities to grow further
within our markets

3 Make selective acquisitions

alphatme.com

;
i
i
£

Key progress in FY 24

Consultant headcount of 1,000 at 31 March 2024, up from
994 at 31 March 2023.

~ Investing selectively in the foundations for future growth,

including eight new directors in important oractice and sector
offerings: Operations, Wealth and Alternatives.

Further development and alignment of technology consulting
across sector teams to enhance our market-facing structure.

Continued to exoand the alternatives capability across
management consulting and technology consulting through
the Lionpoint team.

- Continued to roll out Alpha's consulting proposition and

activities globally, including the launch of the Insurance
Consulting team in North America.

Regional leads in place for the Group's key service areas
covering all sectors to oversee delivery excellence, cross-selling
and further growth across ragions.

Continued to identify and progress opportunities in global
markets, adding 146 new clients and growing market share.

Growth of director headcount by 15 to 116 at 31 March 2024,
including two new directors in the newly launched North
‘America Insurance Consulting team and senior appointments
to the Wealth Management segment in the UK.

Acquired and integrated the Shoreline business with Alpha's
Asset & Wealth Management Consulting team and offering
in APAC.


===== page 27 =====
Areas of focus

~ Continue to evaluate and respond to market demands for
new products and services, as well as add new propositions
that will attract new ciients and enable the sale of adigitional
services to exiating clients

~ Continue to focus on enhancing cross-seliing opportunities
through a collaborative approach across ali business teams
and sectors,

- Continue to deepen and extend the Group's insurance,
technology and alternatives capabilities, alongside providing
dedicated software solutions to the asset management
sector through the Aiviq business.

Continus to attract and appoint experienced directors in line
with demand, as well as grow our own talent to support and
grow the Group's client proposition further.

Roll out the Group's existing business practices and
compiementary offerings progressively across all regions,

~— Continue to establish new branch in Abu Dhabi, launched

after the year end, ensuring Aipha's value proposition is
accessible to clients locally and in the wider region.

~ Continued focus in North America where there is stil signiticant
opportunity to gain further market share through the ongoing
development and roll-out of the Group's service offering

Continue to build out consulting in insurance, technology and
alternatives capabilities globally, as weit as launch into new
markets where there is demand,

~ Alpha continues to review acquisitions that can complement

organic growth and maintains 4 heaithy acquisition pipstine,

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 23

The power

of our people
The best
expertise

delivery

MSHI.

Getting to know the client, and understanding their asset
class-specific requirements is at the core of our offering,
leveraging specialist exoertise to guarantee a combination
of asking the right questions, providing impactful answers,
and executing on a client's strategic direction.

As part of the Lionpcint team, | service the alternatives
investment client sector. Throughout the lifecycle of a
programme, the experts working on it may evolve, pivoting
a8 required to the direction of the client's ultimate goal.
Our strength is in the breadth of specialists we nave to
deploy across our client base and their varying challenges.
‘This nas been enabled through recruiting at an experienced
level from three core areas:

4. Industry - coming from investment firms, from the
Front to Back Offices, bringing knowleage of specific
processes and common pain points,

2. Technology vendors —to complement the
technology advisory capabiities, this ensures we
have the latest methodologies to hand on targeting
implementation efficiencies.

3, Management consulting - ensuring a fundamental,
core base of quality delivery and transformation
experience across all our projects,

‘These aifferent professional backgrounds help build a rich
blend of experience. knowledge, and delivery techniques.
‘Once people are cnhoarded, Alpha nurtures an environment
in whion all members ot teams are encouraged to share
their expertise and learning intesnally, and to support the
further development of our knowledge base, people and
methodologies. Cross-team collaboration therefore becomes
the key way of working, often unearthing previously unseen
opportunities for our clients, and further enabling organic
growth of our expertise firm wide.

Louis de Wattevitle
Semar Manager. Lionpoint UK
alphatme.com

podey 1601815



===== page 28 =====
24 ~~ Annuat Report & Accounts 2024

Key performance indicators

has defing.

Revenue

£235.5m

The revenue KPI measures how well the Group
has éxpanded its business through erganic and
inorganic growth,

Net fee income”?

£233.6m

Net fee income is revenue before incidental
expenses and is used as an alternative KPI to
indicate the underlying productive operating
performance of the Group.

Gross profit

£78.3m

This KPI helos to measure the profitability of the
Group and the success of the business model.

iuuwing key perfo
3 grawth st
and perforrs

waters > APs
ed to monetary

FY 24
FY28
Fy 22

FY21
FY 20
Fy 19
FY 18

FY 24
FY 23,
FY 22
FY 21
FY 20
Py 19
FY 16

£78.3m

20 Reter to the Chvef Financial Officer's refiort and to note 4 of the consolidated financial statements for furthar infermation on the adjusted perfomance measures’ nat fee income,

adjusted EBITDA and adusted casn generated fram operations,

alphafme.com


===== page 29 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 25

g
FY
a
3
2
Fy
3
&
a

Adjusted EBITDA

£42.2m— °:

Earnings before interest. tax, depreciation, Fy 22
amortisation and adjusting items is a measure Fy ot
of the underlying profitability of the Group. evo
FY 19

FY 18

Adjusted cash generated

from operations 22550)
es FY 22

Adjusted cash generated from operations reflects. FY 21
the Group's underlying operating cash flows,

excluding the impact of adjusting items. Fy 20

v9

FYB
Headcount

000)
1,000 a

FY 22

‘Tha year-end headcount KPI measures the growth
in the Group's fee-generating consultants globelly, — FY21

FY 20
Fyig

FY 18

alphatme.com


===== page 30 =====
26 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

John Paton
Chief Financial Officer

IFRS and alternative performance measures
(“APMs")

Arange of results metrics are set out to demonstrate the Group's
performance. These incluce measures presented on a statutory
basis in accordance with international accounting standards
(IFRS"} and APM's, which are provided to allow further
understanding of the underlying performance of the Group across
financial periods, The difference between IFRS and APMs arises
from the adjusting items, as set out in detail in note 4 to the
consolidated financial staternents. The APMs presented are not
considered superior to IFRS measures; these should be considered
together for a full understanding of the performance of the Group.
Whilst the Group's APMs may not be comparable across other
companies, they have been prasentad consistently over time to
provide meaningful trend information, and there is only limited
change to their composition and definition in FY 24.

The exclusion of adjusting items in the Group's APMs may result in
adjusted profitability being materially higher when compared with
the nearest equivalent statutory measures. The Board uses
adjusted profit rneasures lo assess the performance of the Group
because it considers these measures aid understanding of the
underlying profitability of the business and allow for comparability
between periods. Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements
sets out further details of Aipha’s APMs and a full reconciliation to
the relevant statutory measures. These adjusting items decreased
in the year, primarily reflecting a reduced aarn-out and deferred
consideration expense and a lower share-based payment charge,
partially offset by some restructuring costs this year.

alphatme,com

As noted above, the Group’s share-based payment charge and
related social security taxes are excluded from adjusted profit
measures. This allows for batter comparability between periods
given the complexity of re assumptions underlying the calculation
and the multi-year effect of mid-cycte changes to certain
assumptions being adjusted for on a cumulative basis, sometimes:
resulting in material fluctuations in the charge between periods that
are not reflective of the underlying operational performance of the
business. The charge and related sociat security taxes are also
subject to external factors, such as the Group's share price, over
which the Directors have less day-to-day influence compared to
other more directly controllable factors. This approach has been
applied consistently across reporting periods.

The Group will continue to assess the status of this charge as an
adjusting item in the Group's financial statements, considering the
developrent of the charge, the Group and its remuneration poiicies
tno adjustment was made for the share-based payment charge,
adjusted EBITDA for the year would be £34.8m (FY 23; £38,6m)
and adjusted EBITDA margin would be 14.9% (FY 22: 17.0%). Note
22 to the consolidated financial staternents sets out further details of
the employee share-based payment expense calculation under FRS 2.


===== page 31 =====
Revenue
Net fee income

Gross profit

Operating profit
Adjusted EBITDA
Adjusted EBITDA margin
Adjusted profit before tax
Profit before tax
Adjusted EPS

Adjusted diluted EPS
Basic EPS.

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 27

12 months to 12 months to

31 March 31 March
2024 2023 Change
“¢295.5m_ 2287m 3.0%
£233.6m £227.2m 2.0%
£78.3m £80.46 2.6%)
£25.1m £28.6m (12.4%)
£42.2m £46.6m 0.5%)
18.0% 20.5% (250 bps)
£38.5m £44.0m (12.5%)
£22.6m £25.8m (12.49%)
24.90p 29.27p (14.9%)
23.349 27.37 (14.796)
19.85p 18.82p (12.5%)

Group results

Group performance has been resilient this year, navigating a more
challenging and competitive market backdrop.

Revenue

Ina more competitive market environment, the Group performed
resiliently this year with net fee income up by 2.8% compared

to the last financial year, and 4.8% on a constant currency basis,
mostly organically. Revenue also grew 3.0%, including increased
rechargeable expenses, compared to last year.

Overall, the Group's ravenue and net fee income growth reflects
ongoing client demand across a slightly larger global consulting
team on average, set against the more compstitive environment
and longer sales cycles generally. We were pleased to maintain
consistent consultant day rates overall, albeit at lower than target
average consultant utilisation, particularly during the first half
summer months, All our geographic regions delivered net tee
income growth ona constant currency basis in the year, with

an inorganic contribution from the acquisition of Shoreline.

The Group's largest geographic region, the UK, delivered good
4.7% organic net fee income growth on last year. We continued

to see robust client demand in cur estabiished practices, retaining
‘our market-leading reputation and supporting some of the highest
profile projects. This included substantial contributions from our
asset and wealth management capabilites in investments, Operations
and Client & Digital, and UK Alternatives Consulting aise delivering
strongly, growing ther headcount by over 20% to 78.

Cc

TECH
2023

Aivia named in the
“WealthTech Top 100° (2023)

‘Diractars! refers te me exccut ve ard non-execut = m:

Our newer UX insurance consulting team consolidated its position
this year after strong growth in recent years. The UK ended the
year with total headcount of 385, down 9 in the year including a
small recent restructuring process given UK market conditions.
Overall UK consultant utilisation anded the year below target
utilisation levels, firming closer to target levels through the first
quarter of FY 25,

Within the UK results, while Aipha’s Data and Product Sotutions:
business, Aiviq, delivered flat revenue against last year, it also
recently secured a major, new top-ten global asset management
client, underscoring the market-leading Aivig technology offering.
We are delighted that Aivia's proposition has been endorsed in
this way alongside recognition from a FirTech Global Wealth Tech
“Too 100” award in the year.

In North America, after almost doubling its top {ine in the previous year,
FY 24 saw a flatter profile with net fee income growing 3.8% ona
constant currency basis and easing 0.6% on a reported basis,
Our Alternative Investments Consuiting business, Lionpoint, continued
to trade well enjoying strong client demand and adding 47 new
clignts in the region. The North America business expanded its
domestic client base, as well as successfully capturing client
demand through a number of cross-selling opportunities with its
existing clients, although it experienced some fee rate comprassion
during the year. In line with the Group's selactive approach to hiring
in FY 24, headcount in North America increased by 15 consultants
overall, including investing in the launch of our Insurance Consulting
offering in North America with two senior tear hires. North America
witnessed the tougher market conditions earlier than the rest of
the Group and has started FY 25 with the team well deployed,
growing consultant numbers and a strong pipeline of interesting
project opportunities.

bors of thy Bost, mearautle “dveetore! refers Ie nen Bara directors within ina management teams of the Group,

alphafme.com

g
8
é
a
a
z
3
3
3
3



===== page 32 =====
28 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Revenue continued

Europe & APAC delivered the strangest regional growth in FY 24,
with net fee income increasing by 6.9% on a constant currency
basis and 6.1% overall. Organic net fee income growth was 1.4%,
with some rates progression in Europe, plus the acquisition of
Shoreline in APAC. Europe & APAC headcount remained flat overall,
in line with the Group's selective hiring approach. The Europe &
APAC region nas started FY 25 well, with good ulligation being
enjoyed across all teams.

Given the more challenging market conditions prevalent this
year, the Group adopted a sslective hiring approach, focused
on growth areas, and the number of consultants reached 1,000
by the year end (FY 23: 994}, Despite a selective approach to
recruitment we remained committed to our well-established
graduate programme, the future talent of the Group, welcoming
a number of graduates through the year globally.

Group profitability

Group gross profit was £78.3m, £2.1m lower than the prior year
(FY 23: £80.4m). Gross profit margin was 33.5% (FY 23: 35.4%),
and consistent with H1. This primarily reflects reduced average
consultant utilisation in the competitive market environment,
alongside consistent day rates on average and increased costs
from selective investment in growing our tearm while maintaining
a competitive remuneration package, partly offset by active
management of variable casts given performance. Utilisation
levels were most affected through the second quarter's summer
months, ticking up through H2, and reaching close to target levels
‘of 70% to 75% on average globally towards the year end.

The UK business generated £2.0m less gross profit than last year,
at 36.2% gross margin (FY 23: 40.2%), reflecting lower consultant
utilisation levels than target and the previous year, particularly in
the insurance consulting and asset & weallh management teams,
alongside consistent Gay rates. North America's gross profit is
also lower than ‘ast year by £1.7m, generating 31.3% margin

(FY 23: 32.9%), reflecting good levels of average consultant
utilisation, some day rate compression in the cegion given the
competitive market, and a higher cost base accompanying

North America tearm growth. This includes the establishment

of an insurance consulting team in the region during the year.
Europe & APAC grew gross profit to £17.0m (FY 23: £15.4m),

with an improved margin of 32.7% (FY 23: 31,4%) reflecting good
average consultant day rate progression in Europe, partly offset
by an easing in utilisation, particularly in APAC. The North America
gross margin saw the greatast currency headwind in the Group
On aconstant currency basis, North America’s gross margin
would be broadly flat with the prior year.

Adjusted administration expenses, as detailed in note 4,
increased by £2.3m to £36.1m in the year (FY 23: £33.8m).

This increase mainly reflects investment in the Group’s central
team in the second halt of the prior year and increased overall
spend supporting the larger average consultant headcount base
including further office space and IT ticences, partially offset by
lower recruitment spend in the year.

alphafme.com

Including the adjusting items, which decreased against the
ptior year, administration expenses increased overall to £53.2m
(FY 23: £51,7m} on a statutory basis. The adjusting items, set
out in note 4, decreased in the year to £14.3m (FY 23: £15.8m),
reflecting decreased eam-out and deferred consideration
charges, share-based payment charges and intangible asset
amortisation, partially offset by redundancy-reiated restructuring
costs in the year.

The lower earn-out and deferred consideration charge of £1.1m
(FY 23: £2.5m), reflects payments in the year and last year’s net
fair value increase in accuisition liabilities held. Further details on
the earn-out and deferred consideration charges are set out in
note 13. The share-based payment charge also reduced to £7.3m
(FY 23: £8.0m), having updated the input assumptions to reflect
FY 24's lower performance, Alpha’s lower share price and share
option vests in the period. Further details of the shars-based
payment charge and sensitivity analysis are set out in notes 4
and 22

this year, the Group incurred £0.9m of restructuring costs,
relating to the exit fees and costs involved in a small UK
redundancy process. Acquisition and integration costs were
£0.3m (FY 23: £0.3rn) as the Shoreline team was successfully
integrated into the Group during the first half. The acquired
intangibles amortisation charge decreased against the prior year,
reflecting some fully amortised intangibles, partly offset by the
newly acquired Shoreline intangibles. Further detail of these
adjusting items is set out in note 4

The depreciation charge grew to £2.8m (FY 23: £1.9m), reflecting
increased depreciation on a higher lease right-of-use asset. The
amortisation of capitalised development costs was nil (FY 23: £0.2rn)
as the asset became fully amortised in the prior year.

Aglusted EBITDA was £42.2m (FY 23: £46,6m) and adjusted
EBITDA margin was 18.0% (FY 23: 20.5%), reflecting both the
lower gross profit and the higher adjuisted administration
expenses. if no adjustment was made for the share-based
payment charge, adjusted EBITDA for the period would be
£34,8m (FY 28: £38,6m} and adjusted EBITDA margin would be
14.9% (FY 23: 17.0%). Operating profit was £25.1m (FY 23: £28.6mn)
after also charging increased depreciation.


===== page 33 =====
Currency
Currency translation was a headwind on net fee income and
profits during the year, particularly in North America. In the
year, pound sterling averaged USD 1.26 (FY 28: USD 1.21} and
CAD 1.69 (FY 23: CAD 1.59). which, with some other smaller
currency movements, resulted in an unfavourable net currency
effect on net fee income of £4.4m and on gross profit of £1.4m.
On a constant currency basis, North America net fee income
would have grown 3.8% and Europe & APAC net fee income
would have grown 6.9%.

Overall, the Group's net fee income would have grown 4.8% to
£288.0m on this constant currency basis. Similarly, the Group's
gross profit would have heen £79.6m and would have reduced
0.9% on a constant currency basis.

Net finance expenses

Net finance exnenses ‘eli slightly to £2.8m (FY 23: £2.9m),
primarily reflecting reduced non-underlying finance expenses,
relating to acquisition consideration discount unwinding, which
decreased given acquisition-related payments in the period, as
set out in note 13, This reduction was partially offset oy increased
underlying interest expenses reflecting refinancing fees an enlarging
the Group's revolving credit facility ("CF") and interest on
periodic RCF drawings, plus additional ease costs.

Agiusted profit before tax was £38.5m (FY 23: £44.0m) after
charging increased depreciation and net underlying finance
expenses, Statutory pre-tax profit was €22,6m (FY 23: £25.8m),
The larger decrease in adjusted profits as comparad to statutory
profits is driven by the lower level of adjusting tems and
non-underlying finance costs.

Taxation

The Group's taxation charge for the year was £6.7m (FY 23: £78),
reflecting the lower taxabie profits and the blended tax rate of the
increasingly international junsdictions in which the Group operates,
as set out in note 8. The Group's cash tax payment in the year
was £7.6m (FY 23: £13.3m), reflecting increased prior year
payments as the Group moved to a quarterly tax payment cycle
in North America that year

For further taxation details, see notes @ and 9 to the consolidated
financial statements. Adjusted profit after tax is shown after
adjustments for the appiicabie tax on adjusting items as set out
in note 4.

Earnings per share

Adjusted earnings per share ("EPS") was 24.90p per share

(FY 23: 29,27p) and adjusted diluted EPS was 23.34p FY 23:
27.379), reflecting the adjusted profit after tax and the increased
number of weighted average shares, which increased as a result
of share option exercises in the current and prior periods, partly
offset by the Group's purchase of shares into Alpha's employee
benelit trust ("EBT"). After including the adjusting items, basic
earnings per share was 13.85p (FY 23: 15.82p), while diluted EPS
was 12.98p (FY 28: 14.79p), after including the dilutive effect of
the share options awards outstanding,

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 29

As at 31 March 2024, 11,227,844 share options (FY 23; 9,996,040)
remained outstanding, with FY 24 grants partly offset by some
share options exercised and forfeited in the year. See note 22 for
further detail.

Cash flow and net funds

Cash generated from operations was £20.4m (FY 23: £43.9e)
and, after adjusting for emoloyment-linked acquisition payments,
acouisttion, integration and restructuring costs, was £23.6m

(FY 23: 66.2)

g
a
3
a
3
Z
Fy
3
H
E}

Underlying working capital remains well managed, with debtor
days within the typical range, albeit higher than the previous year.
‘The overall operating cash generation in FY 24 pnmanly reflects
profit share bonus payments relating to pricr years, and their relative
size compared to the Group's profitability this year. These bonus
payments include both the payment of FY 23 profit share and the
second tranche of deferred FY 22 bonus payments. These payments
alongside the lower performance-agjusted bonus accruals in FY
24 result in an increased movement in working capital in the year.
Adjusted cash conversion is similarly affected and was 60%

(FY 28: 104%). We refined the definitions of adjusted cash
generated from operations and adjusted cash carversian in

FY 24 to exclude tax paid in the year, to allow for consistency

in the calculation to exciude tax from both profits and operating
cash flows in line with comparable companies, as detailed in

note 4. Given the weightings and timings ot bonus payments

we expect adjusted cash generated trom operations and adjusted
cash conversion to return to more normal levels in FY 25,

During FY 24, the Group made payments of £17,0m relating to
deterred and contingent acquisition consideration principally as.
regards Lionpoint, including £1.8m of employment-jinked
amounts. Please see note 13 for further details.

The Group also provided £3.8m of funding to Alpha's employee
benefit trust (“EBT”) to purchase 1,035,154 shares at the prevailing
market share price, to hold for the satisfaction of future award
vests. Alpha will likely fund the EBT further in the future to build
the shares held in the EBT for the satisfaction of future share
option exercises.

Net interest paid was €1.3m (FY 23: £0.5m], reflecting the higher
cost of maintaining and periodically drawing the Group's enlarged
RCF to manage the Groue’s ongoing currency requirements and
RGF refinancing fees paid, partially offset by interest income from
cash balances held.

The Group also capitalised expenditure of £0.3m in relation to
the development of enhancements to Aiviq’s client data and
analytics software.

Dividends paid increased to £16.2m (FY 28: £12.8m), reflecting
the Group's dividend policy and a consistent FY 24 interim
dividend payment.

At the year end, the Group's cash position was £26.4m
(FY 23; £59.2m). During the year, the Group refinanced and
upscaled its RCF to a £50.0m facility to provide additional
liquidity, and atongside the net cash position, provides Aloha
further flexibility

alphafme.com



===== page 34 =====
30 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

ae

Statement of financial position

The Group's net assets at 31 March 2024 totalled £146.5m_

(FY 23; £149.3mi. This movement principally arises from the
retained profits net of dividends and other reserves movements,
including additional share-based payment reserves, offset by
foreign exchange lasses on overseas assets, The Group
continues to maintain a strong financial position.

The Group's non-current assets movement principally results
from ongoing amortisation and depreciation charges on intangible
assets and right-of-use assets on leases, partly offset by goodwill
and intangibles added as part of the Shoreline acquisition.

Working capital remains well managed, Trade and other
receivables balances increased in FY 24 through the ongoing
growth in the business. Debtor collections continued to be strong,
albeit with debtor days increasing on the previous year's strong
collections and closing balance.

Trade and other payables balances decreased, principally
representing lower performance-adjusted bonus accruals and
acquisition liabilities. The decrease in acquisition-ralated deferred
consideration and eam-out liabilities reflects Lionpoint deferred
and contingent consideration payments, partially offset by
employment-linked consideration as well as the unwinding of
discounting in the year, as disclased in note 13.

As al 31 March 2024, the Company had 122,009,736 ordinary
shares in issue (FY 23: 120,509,736), of which no shares were
held in treasury and 7,537,366 shares were held in the Company's
EBT to satisfy future option exercises (FY 2: 380).

Dividends

In view of the recommended cash offer to acquire Alpha by Bidco,
a newly incorporated indirect subsidiary of certain funds managed
‘oy Bridgepoint, the Board is not racommending a final dividend.

If the acquisition dees not compiete, it is expected that the Board

would declare a final dividend in respect of FY 24 at a later date.

Risk management and the year ahead

The Group’s risk management approach includes regular
monitoring of macro-economic and end-market conditions anc
assessing the potential impacts across all business areas. In the
risk management framework, which was reviewed during the
year, the senior leadership team, including the Chief Executive
Officer and me as Chief Financial Officer, has primary responsibility
for keeping abreast of developments that may affect tha implementation
of the Group's strategy and financial performance. This entails
identifying and agreeing the appropriate mitigating actions that
should be taken and ensuring, as far as possible, that those
actions are then executed by the senior management team.

The Board as a whole oversees risk and, within that framework,
considers the material risks that the Group faces and agrees

on the principal risks and uncertainties, Alona has a set of core
Company values, which are embedded globally, that reflect the
Group's ethical and responsible approach to operating and
managing the business.

alphatme.com

Alpha has navigated well through this more challenging year.
‘While closely monitoring the ongoing market rebalancing, Alpha
continues to enjoy a strong pipeline of new business opportunities
and incrementally improving current trading, The structural drivers
in the sectors in which we operate, which drive ongoing demand
for Alpha's services, remain prevalent. We are confident in the
quality of our people, our excellent market reputation, and business
opportunities to extend the service offering, and therefore the
Board looks forward to further progress ahead

The Board hes considered all of the above factors in its review
of going concern anc has been able to conclude the review
positively. While cognisant of potential macro-economic risks
and the more competitive environment, the Group's talented
people, widening range of service offerings and international
footprint, tagather with the long-term structural drivers, position
the Group well

Summary and current trading

Ina more competitive market environment with a longer sales
cycle. the Group performed resiliently in the year. The Group has
grown net fee income, while maintaining consistent consultant
day rates.

While the global consulting market continues to rebalance
and present some challenges, more positive market sentiment
is returning, with improving sales wins over recent months.
Utilisation rates ticked up in the tinal quarter of FY 24, close

to target levels overall, maintaining this evel into the early part
of FY 25.

We are very confident in the quality of our people, our excellent
market reputation, and business opportunities to extend the
service offering for our clients further. Accordingly, the Group
remains well positioned for the future.

John Paton
Chief Financial Officer



===== page 35 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 202431

The likely consequence of
any decision in the long term.

g
3
é
3
2
3
3

The interests of the
company’s employees.

The need to foster the company’s
business relationships with suppliers,
customers and others.

The impact of the company’s operations
on the community and the environment.

The desirability of the company maintaining
a reputation for high standards
of business conduct.

The need to act fairly between
members of the company.

The following disclosure describes how the Directors have had regard to the
matters set out in Section 172(1\fa) to (f) and forms the Directors’ statement
under Section 414CZA of the Companies Act 2006.

The Directors remain committed te engaging with the Group's stakeholders
and considenng their interests when making strategic decisions.

alphafme.com



===== page 36 =====
32 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Key Board decisions during the year

The Board considers the following to be the key decisions and considerations that it has made during the year to 31 March 2024:

Board di

The Board formally approved the appointment
of Luc Baqué as Chief Executive Officer on
1 April 2023.

Considerations

To provide effective executive leadership that will ensure the
sustainable, long-term success of the Group,

The Directors approved the acquisition of
Shoreline {see pp 132-133 for detaiis).

To support the long-term growth and success of the Group
by incorporating Shoreline's complementary cllent base.
employee skill sets and capabilities

To enable the Group to take advantage of opportunities in
APAC and provide a platform for further growth in this region.

— Te broaden the range of services and expertise the Group
provides its clients and maintain its pasition as a market leader,

‘The Board reviewed and approved the
FY 23 Full Year Results and the Annual Report
and Accounts.

— To provide transparent and accurate information to the market.

The Board considered and agreed to

recommend a final dividend of 10.50p for FY 23.

~ To address the interests of shareholders in the context of
the long term while maintaining the Group's policy of paying
approximately 50% of adjusted profits.

‘The Board appointed the Group's first in-house
Company Secretary,

— Te further strengthen the Group's corporate governance

framewerk, thereby Safeguarding the interests of
shareholders and other stakenolders.

incentive awards to management and certain
employees of the Group.

The Board approved the grant of FY 24 equity

— To reward and incentivise the management of the Group
and ensure the alignment of interests between employees
and shareholders.

The Board approved the exercise of options
that had vested under the management
incentive plan and employee incentive pian to
management and certain employees of the
Group, together with the purchase of the
Company's own shares by the employee
benefit trust to satisty the exercise of share
options awards.

To reward and incentivise the management and emoloyees
of the Group and ensure the alignment of interests between
employees and shareholders.

The Board undertook a scenario planning
exercise to review the FY 24 forecast against
prevailing market conditions.

Yo ensure the accuracy of forecast pertormance and consider
potential outcomes against a range of market conditions.

alphafme.com

The Board considered and approved the FY 24
interim pre-close trading update to the market,

- To provide transparent, accurate and timely information to
the market.



===== page 37 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 33

2
FA
s
Board decision Considerations 3
The Board reviewed and approved the FY 24 To provide transparent and accurate information to the 2
Interim Report and payment of the FY 24 market and to address the interests of shareholders in the g
interim dividend of 3.70p to shareholders. context of the long term while maintaining appropriate tevels ig
of reserves to run the business effectively.
The Board reviewed the provisions of the newly — To ensure that the Group's governance mechanisms refiect
published 2023 QCA Corporate Govemance best practice, taking into consideration the interests and evolving
Code and agreed steps to ensure compliance expectations of its shareholders and broader stakeholders.

with its recommendations from 1 April 2024.

The Board approved the exercise of options

~ To reward and Incentivise the management and employees
that had vested under the management of the Group and ensure the alignment of interests between
incentive plan and employee incentive plan employees and shareholders.

for management and certain employees ot
the Group.

The Board considered and approved the To provide transparent, accurate and timely information to
release of a Trading Update to communicate the market.

an update to FY’ 24 performance expectations, To agree on actions relating to revised profit expectations.

In accordance with the Remuneration — To ensure that remuneration arrangements evolved in line

Committee's recommendations. the Board with market practice and investors” expectations.

undertook to consutt with major shareholders
on proposed updates to the Remuneration

# Policy for Executive Directors, to take affect

on 1 April 2024,

— To provide a remuneration structure that will enale share
option dilution laveis to be reduced over time.

At each meeting, the Chief Executive Officer updated the Board on the Group's businesses, geographies and progress on key client
relationships and engagements.

Further details on the Group's strategy and long-term decisions are set out in the Chairman's report on pp 9-11, the Chiet Executive
Officer's report on pp 12-18 and in the strategy section on pp 22-23.



===== page 38 =====
Engagement with
key stakeholders

The Board considers its key
stakeholders to be its employees,
shareholders, clients and the
communities in which it operates.
‘The Board also recognises other
stakeholder groups including
vendors and suppliers, industry
bodies and competitors with
which Alpha works or associates
in the marketplace. Engaging
effectively with these stakenolders
strengthens the Group's ousiness.
relationships and decision making
and, therefore, supports its
fong-term success.

alphafme.com

Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Why we engage |

Stakeholder key interests |

How we engage

Attracting, retaining and developing

the best talent is essential to Alpha’s
business success. The Group is
committed to providing a highly
rewarding workplace and maintaining
a strong, meritocratic, and inclusive
culture that recognises the
importance of our people and
encourages open communication.

The Group priaritises open
communication and effective
engagement with its shareholders,
whose support is integral to long-term
growth and success.

— Career progression.

~- Recognition.

— Training and development.

-- Morale and motivation.
Engagement ang feedback.

— Reputation.

~ Wellbeing.

— Health and safety.

— Diversity and inclusion.

— Sustainability.

— Global employee
feedback framework.

— Leadership communications.
— Monthly Company meetings.
— Competitive remuneration package.

Professional qualification and other
training opportunities.

Employee success framework.
— Menioring.
Management incentive programme.

- Diversity & Inclusion programme
and networks.

~ CSR networks.

— Financial oerformance
including share price
performance and dividends.
Governance and transparency.

Operating and financial information.

— Confidence and trust in the
Group's Directors.

~ Transparency and
appropriateness of Executive
Director remuneration structures.

Dedicated investor section on the
website and AiM Rule 25 disclosures.

Investor strategy updates.

— Capital markets days.

~ Interim and preliminary
results announcements.

One-to-one meetings
with investors.

— Investor conferences/roadshows.

— Annual Report, including detais
of haw the Quoted Companies
Alliance Corporate Governance
Cade has been apolied.

— Annual General Meeting, including
a voluntary vote on the re-election
of all Directors each year.

During April 2024, the Group
consulted with major shareholders
on updates to the Remuneration
Policy (see op 86-91 for details). tt
is also intended that a shareholder
vote on remuneration will be
introduced at the 2025 AGM.


===== page 39 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 35

g
a
5
; toe a
‘The Group’s success is based on delivering a The Group is a growing, profitable business committed to fostering the z
proposition that helps its clients address their same growth and success within the communities in which it operates, g
challenges and capitatise on their opportunities. including supporting relevant or active organisations in those communities,
The Group works hard at developing and sustaining As part of this engagement, the Group also considers its corporate
long-term client relationships, which it supports responsibility and how to maximise the positive environmental and social
through its giobal tearm of consuttants and by impacts of its activities, and to minimise the downsides, giving a solid
extending the range of services it offers and the baseline for developing relevant action plans and targets.

types of projects it carries out.

Specialist industry proposition. — Effective and transparent engagement with local communities
— Integrated end-to-end service offering. Available ESG reporting and disclosures

Excellent service delivery. — Working closely with charities, corporate social responsibility (*CSR")

~ Continuous development of practices, pariners and other organisations,

products and services. — Contributing to awareness of diversity, inclusion and other
sustainability-related topics.

~ Taking effective action on climate change.

~~ Subject matter expertise,

= Emphasis on client satisfaction,

- Ability and experience to help clients shape Pursuing @ positive impact on local and global environments,

their business for the future.

— Diversity and Inclusion networks and initiatives, developing and
empowering Alpha's people with shared knowiedge, toolkits
and training,

Work on climate change and carbon offseiting,

— FSG reporting including the Sustainability Accounting Standards
Soard and the recornmendations of the Task Force on Climate-related
— Dialogue with vendors, reguiators and Financial Disclosures.
industry bodies,

Senior level client relationship management.
— Continuous client satisfaction monitoring

Regular assessment of client demand
and interests.

~ Industry round table discussions.

— The Group's Sustainability Report and relevant sections within the
— Publication of market and industry insights. Annual Report
Alpha Qutlock whitepapers and — Energy usage and emissions reporting,
thought leadership.
3 ship. — Charity of the Year programme.

Taking appropriate stops where regulations are introduced by
establishing new policies.

— Modern Slavery Statement and Living Wage accreditation.

- Tex evasion and anti-trivery policies, supported by
whistleblowing policy.

CSR schemes and initiatives, including mentoring schemes for
young people from lower socioeconomic backgrounds and
team-coordinated fundraising for charities.

alphatme.com


===== page 40 =====
We strive to provide the best service and deliver exceptional client
results. Our highly talented peapie enable us to do this as thay
deliver complex, transformative and strategically important projects
for our clients. Alpha is therefore committed to attracting,
retaining and developing the best team in the industry.

We want the years that our people spend working at Aloha to be
the bast of their career, and we believe that providing a positive
and inspiring work environment will help to foster a high-performance
culture that delivers exceptional autcomes for clients, as well as
great professional and personal fulfilment for our employees.

What we offer

The talented graduates and experienced consultants who join
Alpha benefit from our distinctive and highly attractive proposition.
uilt on:

— Astrong corporate culture that places people at the heart
of the business;

~ Our reputation as the leading consultancy in the sectors

in which we operate; Responsible

Opportunities to gain invaluable experience by working in small
teams on high-profile, industry-defining projects;

Comprehensive training, development and feedback to build
consulting skills and specialist knowledge:

— Career progression based on merit, with no fixed period (Collaborative

at any level;

— Recognition of talent on an individual level, while encouraging
and celebrating success at a team level;

‘An open and inclusive environment with a strong employee
support framework for people of all levels and backgrounds;

Proactive

An entrepreneurial environment where ideas to develop our
business are welcomed;

— Ahighly competitive compensation package, including
benefits and participation in the Group's protit-sharing or
cash bonus schemes; and

Accountability

Management incentives that celebrate success and recognise
contributions to Group performance.

alphatme.com

Our core values define who we are both
aS a company and as professionals

We provide deep expertise
in our specialist areas

We provide a meritocratic, sociable
and supportive environment - we
want to be recognised as the best
place to work in our industry, with
personat career progression

based on transparent and
meritocratic considerations

Everything we do is defined by
integrity - we hold ourselves to the
highest standards of transparency,
honesty and personal integrity

We are socially and
ethically responsible

We pride ourselves on working
collaboratively with our clients

We are proactive - we use our
extensive personal and corporate
experience to find solutions

We take accountability for
delivery - we own and take
responsibility for outcomes,



===== page 41 =====
Emphasis on culture and inclusion

Alpha puts people at the heart of the business, so that they feel
engaged and empowered to drive success, both at an individual
and team level. We take enormous pride in creating and fostering
an environment where everyone can thrive.

To ensure this, we base our corporate culture on integrity, faimess
and meritocracy and our people management frameworks favour
inclusion, sociability and support. We believe this is a key reason
why we have lower staff attriton rates than many of our peers,
with many of our team having been at Alpha for 10 years or longer.
We are proud to be a company where people fee! they can grow.

Focus on diversity and inclusion

Championing diversity anc equity and fostering an inclusive
culture at all levels are key elements of our approach to looking
after our people. We operate several employes-managed networks
globally that champion ethnic and cultural diversity, social mobility,
gender equality. wellbeing, disability confidence ~ including our
accreditation 25 a Disability Confident Level 2 employer - and
pride (LGBTO+),

We are committed to ensunng that our people, structures and culture
work together to improve diversity and inclusion at alt levels of the
organisation, particularly at senior levels, where decision making
is concentrated and representation 's vital. More information can
be found about this in the Sustainable Business section on p. 44.

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 37

The power
of our people

g
FA
&
a
s
Fy
Fy
3
3
2

We aim to provide a supportive environment of senior
mentors and professional coaches, as welt as enable
upwards feedback to ensure every employee is given the
opportunity to thrive and grow. We aiso provide training
at every level upon promotion in addition to hands-on
training throughout the year. Furthermore, we ensure our
rising talent has a diverse set of client experiences to welt
round their consulting and technical skills.

Alpha’s consuttants demonstrate a wide variety of qualities
‘and values that adds to the effectiveness and collaborative
nature of our teams. Our consultants provide deen expertise
in Alpha’s specialist areas and take accountability for delivery
through ownership over client outcomes, Their work is
defined by integrity an held to the highest standards of
transparency and honesty. Aloha consultants are proactive,
and use their extensive personal and corporate experience
to find the best solutions for clients.

In order to continue to foster a meritocratic approach to
talent, Aipha maintains a relatively flat hierarchy, ensuring
all consultants nave access to senior teadershin to provide
them with the support they need to succeed, Great ideas
are encouraged and recognised across levels. Many of
our best ideas have come from a consultant proactively
bringing an idea to life and collaborating with colleagues
to make it a success.

Natalie Mcintyre
Technotogy Consulting Lead.

Asset 5 Wealth Management Corsuiting
North America

alphafmc.com


===== page 42 =====
38 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

‘ho ota nek

A strong record of recruitment and retention b &

Alpha is sought after as an employer thanks to its excellent
reputation, positive and collaborative culture, prestigious client
relationships and increasing range of opportunities that our
strategy provides ambitious professionals. In hiring, we look for
extremely talented individuals from all backgrounds who show
strong commitment and the Gesire to succeed, and we review on
cour recruitment processes continually to ensure that they are :
thorough and effective and integrate diversity considerations
atevery stage.

nee on board, our employees are provided with the specialist
knowledge, support and training that they need to thrive. At Alpha
we are committed! to providing a high-quality onboarding experience
for new employees, We ensure that new employees are quickly
allocated a mentor who will welcome them to the firm aed
support them with their professional development.



===== page 43 =====
For us, itis important that new employees feel part of the Aipha
community from the start. Our efforts t0 ensure an excellent working
environment, exciting opportunities for career development and
highly competitive compensation packages have been critical
factors in the Group's growth over the last years, alongside
maintaining strong retention for our industry.

Creating a so

Land supportive environment

Alpha organises oversight and support for its people through a
number of coordinated functions: HR, Recruitment & Learning,
Responsible Business and management members who are
responsible for diversity, people and talent locally. The teams
ate organised by regions and individual teams as appropriate,
allowing for a highly agile, efficient and connected network of
support for all our people.

We strive for Alona to provide as inclusive, sociable, and supportive
an environment as possible. ur management teams, social
teams, HA teams and other groups ragularly work on ideas and
opportunities to bring together Aloha as a community. We aiso
review Alpha’s Social agandas to ensure actiities are attractive

to all our employees, and we encourage our peaple to got involved
in making these plans and arrangements so that different
viewpoints and interests can be captured

A key focus of the corporate teams, including HR and Recruitment,
is to support the business as we grow gecgrachically acrass cliferent
sectors, In the past year. this has included successful implementation
of a new, leading HB information system and the development of
HR frameworks for different career paths, as the Group grows
and continues to broaden its client proposition glovally

Learning and development

We have training programmes extending across all grades, from
analyst to director, who receive high-quality training and upskilling
on valuable topics for their roles. Examples include upskilling on
content knowledge, presentation skills, people management,
sales and delivery excellence.

All employees are aise encouraged to take a proactive approach
to the'r career development. The Group provides access to
Linkedin Learning for all employees, meaning they are able to
supplement their professional development, and turther develop
their skilsets across a number of topies, such as communication,
presentation, technology and problem solving skills. Furthermore,
relevant formal certifications are encouraged fo support the
development of individual career paths and corporate expertise.

Alongside these formal training initiatives, we ensure that
employees gain unique knowledge and practical experience by
working alongside more expenenced colleagues and attending
meetings with some of our client organisations’ most senior and
influential people. We algo affer secondments and permanent
moves between geographies and consulting practices, which
provides our people with a possible range of wider experiences
and development opportunites within the Alpha business.

Annuat Report & Accounts 2024 39

Career progression

We are proud to be a Group where people recognise future
opportunities and feel they can grow. Alpha has a meritocratic
approach to career progression where aur consultants have the
‘opportunity to progress based on their performance, We do not
subscribe to a “fixed time” at each level.

We believe the ability to take on responsibilities early. receive
mentoring and oversight trom experienced consultants, alongside
relevant development and training plans, allows for rapid progression
and is essential in attracting the most talented consultants to join
us. Many of our current director team joined Alona as graduates
or early in their careers, meaning our Senior team has a deep
understanding of the organisation and culture, while providing
continuity to employees.

External banchmarking confirms that the average time to.
progress from graduate to director is significantly less than our
pers. This is aided by our belief in promoting from within where
possible and identifying opportunities for staff at all (evels of the
Group. These factors help us stand out from our competitors and
enable us to attract top-quality talent.

Recognising that everyone's career path ig individual. we place
great importance on mentoring and feedback. Mentors help to
uide development throughout the year, alongside mid-year and
annual performance reviews and reguier feedback touichpoints
with project leads. As part of a new FR information system
roll-out in FY 24, we have implemented a feedback mechanism
that allows 360-degree feedback at any timo.

Employee communications and feedback

We use a range of channels to faciitate employee communication,
collaboration and engagement. Each regional team has regular
company meetings to update on key business topics and provide
the opportunity for G&A. The senior management team, including
‘the CEO, uses internal communication channels to celebrate
successes and provide updates in important areas; recent topics.
have included diversity and inclusion and the announcement of
Alpha’s first public diversity target.

We take time to understand the team's sentiment about life at
Alpha and identify strengths and areas for focus. As such, we also
provide a range of anonymised channels to facilitate employee
engagement including an annual anonymous feedback survey.
Employee feedback has led to many new initiatives that include
changes to internal pokcies, communication formats and technelogy
improvements. This year, we have introduced the employee net
promoter score ("eNPS") to enhance aur insight. White this is a
new concept for all members of the Group, with which we wit
need time to familarise, we were very pleased with a first eNPS.
rating of “good!”

aiphatme.cam

@
3
5
a
Fs
z
Fi
3
3
3



===== page 44 =====
40 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Qe

Sustainable business

Alongside our internal efforts, Alpha's ESG & Responsible
investment practice is a core and growing part of the work we
do with clients. Our consulting teams actively advise on ESG
within the investment community, across the asset and weaith
management, alternatives and insurance sectors. These teams
employ distinct approaches to navigate ESG demands, for
SUCCESS 3 ste : example supporting financial services organisations in defining
sutcome their ESG and rasponsibie investment strategies, in adapting to
regulatory changes and leveraging technology and data
management approaches in managing ESG commitments.

anvironme cial.
MESG™) agends
aur first 35u
details this

dafised an

We hope that our sustainability offorts continue to build trust
across our diverse stakeholder groups, including investors,
clients, employees, and industry bogies.

eperbdity facet. w

aeead ¢

Highlights from the year

oe ‘There have been a number of key developments across

meet aEvy the Alpha Group in identifying and progressing ESG goals.
This year we:

LEME Ge

sit us onli ur Sustainabilt ,
Ealvisit us ontine to see our Sustainability Report Conducted a materiality assessment and developed

cur ESG roadmap, involving analysis of the needs of a
wide range cf our stakeholders and assessment of
benchmarking data from the AIM ESG specialist
third-party consultancy, Addidat;

— Sot cur first Group diversity target for women and nonbinary
emptoyees in our global director team (25% in five years};

Conducted our first UK Gender Pay Gap cisctosure;

— Became a member of the UN Guiding Principles
reporting framework;

— Continued to deepen and refine our emissions reporting
under SECR, working closely with Normative; a
partnership. now in its second year;

Released our first standalone Sustainability Report;

Produced our first Task Force on Climate-related Financial
Disclosures report;

— Increased the levet of cur annual Carven Disclosure
Project reporting:

Conducted Energy Saving Opportunity Scheme reporting
in the UK; and

Made our first voluntary submission to the UN Global
Compact demonstrating how we integrate the global
leading responsible business principies into our operations.



===== page 45 =====
This year we have focused on ensuring our governance
frameworks and policies are a continuing strength for Alpha,
including maintaining robust oversight and proper business
practices; an increasing area of interest with our stakeholders.

Wa continually scan the regulatory horizon and assess the
Group's exposure to and appetite for risk, which may result in
the development of new policies and processes, or updates to
existing policies and processes. Further information on Alpha’s
risk Management framework is detailed in the Risk Management
section of the Strategic Report on pe 52-56.

This year, we have combined cur palicies into a newly created
and publicly available Corporate Compliance Manual.

Compliance with these policies by all employees is supported
by our policies and acherence framework,

Alpha's policies and adherence framework

Annual Report & Accounts 202441

‘The framework ensures that our operations meet the stringent requirements expected of a public company, that we adhere to the
highest ethical standards, and that our policies are easily accessible and complied with by all Aloha staff.

Relevant Employee Policies

Effective asherence te aoiicies
comes Ytom an understanding of ther
practical rmplications and importance,
Alpna’s extensive employee policies
and guidelines clearly detine expected
behaviours ana procedures, To
suppor! this, any new joer must
tead core policies as part of
‘onboarding and employees more
broadly rust acknowtedge any
updated policies systematically,

Terms of Employment
Alpna’s employment agreements and
contracts include reiavant and rigazous
clauses both to entorce contidentiaity,
and to require alt peopie to comply
‘with the Group's polis and
procedures, These terms are
fundamental to employment practices.

Communication -

We send annual seminders to our team on the mipertance of training
and altestation of key pokes, Communteations aré also sent dunng the
{year thare ara new golcies or patey components Aipha will aise use
communication channels ‘9 highlight any practical examples of when a
policy «@ relevant or has applisd,

22 Or Sotnorate Gumpuanice Manual meu-tes IM falovang eoleies: ent buber, anc
corrupt on, Crm nal Finaneas Act. ant tagitatn cttas avoragnes, Mragem Steve y
Statement, wrstablonmg o9/y, sanctions gclisy MNPI share-desing Sdlicy confers
Of miereat anc autsiae Gusiness tereats polley, squrly deraity and wnelusion Oakey,
information se shy palcy DUSsress eortinuty palicy. and privacy Nob

Mandatory Training Components
ll employees complete annual taining
on policies where thers is a reguiatory
angle or here we Cetermine a
sighticant ievet of potanwal risk to

our business 0” business functions,
Training includes reinforcing tna
componens of the policy, testing
individuals on their understanding,

and captunng altestation.

Vaiues and Culture

(Our corporate values (soe p. 36) are
underpinned by integrity, colaberation
and responsibilty. We monitor those
attributes trough relevant core
competencies in our success
frameworks, which are assessed
annually, Acting with integrity and
corporate oftzenshis are of hah
Importance snd they encompass:
compliance with company policies
and those of our clients.

The extemal
transparency of our
policies is also a key focus
and we have published the
Corporate Compliance
Manual? on the
Alpha website,

aiphaime.com

2
a
3
é
E)
2
F
3
8
&



===== page 46 =====
42

Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strong governance continued

Corporate Governance Code

As in previous years, Alpha continues to align with the QCA Code,
reflecting our dedication to maintaining the highest standards of
corporate conduct, In 2023 the Code was updated, and the first
gisclosures in line with this are required in 2025. The Group has
taken proactive steps to ensure that it complies with these new
principles for the financial year beginning 1 Aprit 2024.

The corporate governance report on pp 70-75 sets out further
information about the Group's governance framework and how
the Board complies with the principles of tie QCA Code.

Information and cybersecurity

Alpha remains committed to maintaining a secure operationai
environment, which is crucial for protecting our business,
investors, employees, and clients from the threat of cyber-attacks
and data breaches. As part of this ongoing commitment, we
ensure that cybersecurity and information security form a
fundamental part of operations, management responsibilities
and oversight discussions. We recognise that while tachnology
and specialist third parties form the backbone of our
cybersecurity measures, our staff will often represent the first
line of defence. We have a number of security pillars in place
to ensure that they are adequately prepared in identifying and
responding to any cyber, information or data security threats.
We conduct simulated phishing exercises at least quarterly;
we mandate annua! training and attestation on Aipha’s data
handling policy; we ensure that information security policies
and support contacts are accessibis; and we conduct ad hoc
training on cybersecurity hot topics as appropriate.

This training and testing forms part of our broader cybersecurity
approach that is managed by Aloha's Head of IT, supported

by an Information Security lead. Executive oversight for the
security framework comes from the Group’s Managing Director.
This framework includes:

-- Comprehensive sulte of information security policies and
procedural controls, based upon best practices from NIST
framework. Policies are reviewed annually and disclosed
publicly in the Corporate Compliance Manual on our website;

— Third-party securities operations centre ("SOC") that
monitors the network 24/7 for suspicious activity or
anomatous behaviour that could pose a threat to the Group:

— Regular promotion of good cyber hygiene across the global
Alpha workforce with annual mandatory learning, testing,
regular training campaigns and assessments;

alphatme.com

Board diversity

As well as being important for Alpha’s own Dal programme,
the diversity of Board members is a key interest for external
stakeholders and a focus of emerging regulation

The Group believes that the Board's current composition brings
an appropriate diversity of skills, personal qualities, credentials,
and perspectives and the Board benefits from a balance of
gender diversity, You can read more about Board diversity at
Alpha in the Nomination Committee report on p. 77,

— Two factor authentication log-in, industry-leading cloud
security tools and auto-backups managed by cloud venders;

- Appropriate due diligence, vetting and annual auditing of
cloud providers to validate information security and risk posture,

Quarterly effectiveness review and aajustments of our
infosec processes in line with continual improvement of
Alphe's security posture;

- Proactive testing of technical defences through external
team exercises, annual penetration tests of internet facing
assets, anti-virus software real-time scanning, and internal
phishing assessments;

- A Data Privacy Working Group that manages incident
response; and

— Extensive cybersecurity insurance policy coverage.

While a strong cybersecurity framework is required Group wide.
this is particularly important for Aiviq due to its product offering.
Aivig adopts a Zero Trust security aporoach, and since
November 2021 has attained ISO27001 certification, which is
regularly audited and renewed annually. In 2024 Aiviq will be
recertifying, as per the ISO27001 stipulations. In addition,

Aivig obtained its Cyber Essentials Plus certifications this year,
bolstering the security of the business further.

These combined measures allow the Group to provide a secure
and reliable service for employees, clients and other stakeholders,
which is vital to the long-term sustainability of the business.

Ej Read more about the management of information and cyber
risks in the principal risks section on p. 59


===== page 47 =====
ESG governance and reporting

The ESG Committee of the Board, oversees the development
and implementation of the Group's ESG strategy and roadmap.
The Committee works alongside senior leadership and the
Responsible Business tear, who support the Group in reguiatory
horizon scanning, addressing ESG demands, and progressing
Alpha’s ESG roadmap.

In early 2024 we delivered an important milestone by publishing
our first standalone Sustainability Report. A key objective of this
report was to provide transparency and increase engagement
between Alpha and stakeholders on ESG focus areas and objectives.
An important part of this has been the completion of a comprehensive
ESG materiality assessment to align our strategy with best practices
and stakeholder expectations, and to identify the key issues and
opportunities that Alpha should prioritise in its ESG roadmap.

Alpha remains fully compliant with all current applicable ESG regulation,

which includes futfiling the following ESG reporting requirements:

Publicly avallable disclosures Availability .
Energy use (greenhouse gas) p.47

reporting (UK), in line with

Streamlined Energy and Carbon

Reporting ("SECR")

Task Force on Climate-related pp4e-st

Financial Disclosures ("TCFD”)

The Energy Savings Opportunity
Scheme regutations (‘ESOS"}

alphafme.com

Annual Report,
various sections

UK Companies Act and Climate
Change Act

Modern Slavery Act alphafme.com

Gender Pay Gap reporting in the UX alphafmc.com
and Gender Equality Index Score

in France

Governance, risk and
compliance ("GRC") requirement
for a reporting framework

Annual Report,
Sustainability Accounting
Standards Board (“SASB")
disclosure, pp 154-157

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 43

Alpha also voluntarily aligns with the United Nations Global Compact
CUNGC"). The Human Rights, Labour, and Anti-Corruption
Principles are integrated in our policies, as referenced in the
Strong Governance section of this report. We continue to make
strides with the Environment Principles, as detailed in the
environment section on pp 46-47 and further in our Sustainability
Report. We wil continue te review our alignment bi-annually and
engage with the UN Global Compact team on a quarterly basis.

Alpha also aligns with the Carbon Disclosure Project ("CDP")
when engaged to do so iy clients, providing a view of our
sustainability pertormance to support their procurement
processes. We have again this year reported to Ecovadis for our
French operations and achieved a Silver rating, which confirrns
that the approaches we take across sustainability and managing
risk are above average for our industry.

g
FI
é
a
z
3
3



===== page 48 =====
44 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Diversity, equity and inclusion

Alpha is an equal opportunities employer, and we know that
taking steps to improve diversity, equity and inclusion DEI") in
the workplace is key to ensuring an equitable future for all, which
in turn supports our intention to be a company where everyone
can thrive and contribute to the success of the Group.

in recognition of this, the past year represents a pivotal moment
in our journey. This year, to further substantiate our DEI ambitions,
we set our first diversity target: for 25% of our global director
team to be women or nonbinary in five years. Our baseline for that
target is 13%, as reported in our 2023 Annual Report, and we are
pleased te report that our director team comprises 16% women
and nonbinary individuals (@s of 31 March 2024).

This target was defined through extensive internal consultations,
including 40 workshops with Over 50 senior stakeholders across.
‘the business. Our target is alse data driven, closely linked to the
Global Equal Opportunities survey information. The survey was
launched in 2023, and has seen a strong initial uptake, enabling
us to assess the Group's diversity profile now and on an
ongoing basis.

Please see our SASB disclosure on p. 156 for further datails on
this target. We will report on our progress against this target in
future years, as well as the development and delivery of our action
plans anc diversity targets.

Initiatives and networks

At Alpha, our commitment to diversity and inclusion continues
to be a fundamental part of our culture, underpinned by an active
global programme of volunteers. Central to this are the six
voluntary employee-led networks, which each play a crucial role
in shaping our corporate culture, These cover Disability Confidence,
Ethnic and Cultural Diversity, Gender Equality, Social Mobility,
Pride and Wellbeing

Each network provides a olatform for dialogue. awareness-raising,
learning, planning, and action, contributing significantly to our DE}
initiatives and ESG roadmap. Example initiatives from our giobal
teams in the last year include the launch of an anonymous
speak-up platiorm, social mobility-focused internships, and DEI
training prograrnmes for leadership and staff, using both online
and third-party providers. For example, Alpha partnered with
Leqture for international Women’s Day to host an online event
series covering a range of topics inclucing gender equality,
allyship, inclusion and leadership,

alphafme.com

The Social Mobility Internship that sits within the UK Insurance
business is an excellent example of how our employee-led initiatives
can support DEI at Alpha across a number af key areas. Across
2022 and 2023 we welcomed eight interns, which were 50%
female, 66% from diverse or mixed ethnicity backgrounds and all
from non-tee-paying schools, interns received a competitive gross
salary which we have since increased further to align with that

of a full-time analyst, effective this summer. We offered full-time
graduate positions to five of the eight, a strong conversion rate.

We are delighted to support the launch of new groups that
resonate with focal topics and social importance; for example, in
the year a North American Asian Pacific Network was launched
within the team. We are proud to have such a strong level of
engagement, which sugports our action setting linked to the ESG
roadmap and reinforces our probability of success.

Employee framework

We are delighted to have a talented team of industry leading
consultants at Alpha and recognise that the engagement and
satisfaction of our team are vital 1o the success of the business.
We believe that Alpha should seek not just to bring together the
best and most talented people, but to provide a fantastic place
to work and an environment where everyone can flourish.

We foster long-term retention through the opportunities that we
offer, our culture and our frameworks for development, support
and feedback.

While our teams are delivering on some of the industry's most
challenging change projects, ensuring that we prioritise wellbeing
and support is of paramount importance. We have established
HR, mentoring and employee aversight frameworks across alt
global locations and levels. At the same time, we continue te
invest in our learning and development opportunities, which seek
to build confidence consuking skills and industry content, at all
stages in the employee journey.



===== page 49 =====
We are committed to providing an open, interactive

and collaborative working environment. To this end, there

are oppertunities throughout the year to actively gather the
insights, pricritias, and sentiments of our team members.

This helps us to focus our attention on what matters. The looking
after our people section of the Annual Report on op 36-39
provides more detaif about the employee experience at Alpha.

Corporate social responsibitity

Our gocial responsibilities and the imoact we have in the
communities in which we operate are extremely important to us.
We Promote ethical conduct, social responsibility, and a corporate
culture that values fairness and positive actions at ali times.

Alpha’s Corporate Social Responsibility (*CSP) vision and
activities in this area are executed mainly through the work of
our internal CSR team, which is employees participating on a
voluntary basis, while supported by the Group's Responsible
Business team.

Our community focused activities include fundraising, pro bono
consulting, volunteering, outreach networks and mentoring.

We are very proud of our iong-standing voluntary charitable work
and our main Group-wide CSR initiatives in our Charity of the Year
(COTY programme.

In 2023, our COTY programme raised more than £20,000
alongside delivering valuable volunteering initiatives and pro bone
work, jn the UK and Europe. the team raised £13,758 for The
Institute of Imagination, a pioneering education charity that
designs and delivers creative workshops across the arts,
sciences and digital technologies for children aged 5-11 years
old. In North America, the team raised $10,000 for Greenwood
Project: a charity that partners with companies in the financial
servicgs industry te create accessible career pathways for Black
and Latinx students,

These efforts reflect our ongoing commitment to making a
Positive impact within the communities we serve and marks the
eighth year of running our COTY programme. The programme is
fun regionally with employees from each region voting on their
Charity of choice each year, Thss allows us to tailor our support
more effectively and deliver more impact and engagement with
local communities.

Annual Report & Accounts 2024

‘4

Suppliers

As a responsible business, we ensure that our supplier
relationships are in line with legislation ang best practices, which
is supported by a new supplier code. We are in the process of
rolling out this code which wil be issued to new key suppliers,
and existing ones upon contract renewal. The code includes
expectations around environmental responsibilty, anti-modem
slavery actian, and health and safety minimum standards, We
also assess the policies of our suppliers in areas such as social
policies, employee wellbeing and, in the UK, payment of the Living
Wage. This helps us maintain our dedication to fair and responsible
business practices across all aspects of our operations

Modern slavery
We are committed to combating and preventing modern slavery,
numan trafficking, and exploitation. We have procecures and
policies in place throughout our own business and our supply and,
procurement chains to support this, A copy of these can be found
on our website in our Gorporate Compiiance Manual. These
processes are reviewed annually, and Aipha’s Modern Slavery
Statement is ultimately approved by the Board,

Human rights
ln 2023, Alpha proudly became a member of the UN Guiding
Principles Reporting Framework. This membership enhances our
commitment to human rights and social responsibility but also
aligns with our strategic approach to integrating sustainable
practices across al levels of our operations.

alphatme.com

g
a
Fs
a
3
2
FS
3
i8
2


===== page 50 =====
Sane

Asa professional services firm our direct carbon footprint is smaller
than that of high-emitting Industries. However, environmental
stewardship remains an important part of our ESG strategy, and
we recognise a clear global imperative for emission reduction.

Due to the growth of the business, Alpha is in scope of new
envircnmentat regulatory demands this year to report in alignment
with the TCFD framework for the Group, see pp 48-51, and with
the ESOS regulations for our UK operations, for which we will
submit our notification of compliance in August 2024.

Alpha’s carbon footprint

We are committed to reducing our emissions and aim to develop
our science-based carbon reduction plan and communicating our
nel zero ambition and targets in the year ahead. In the meantime,
we offset where we cannot reduce our emissions, and we have
again th's year offset our Scope 2 and calculated emissions
globally via a verified scheme.

Ensuring the quality and accuracy of our data related to carbon
emissions, and tracking and reporting on them are key first steps
in setting meaningful targets. We continue to compiete this
activity Group-wide, working closely with carbon reporting firm
Normative, a partnership now in Its second year. who are helping
us to both understand our emission data and improve our
calculations, This important work is setting the foundations for us
to reduce our emissions and communicate our Net Zero ambition.

alphafmc.com

The total Scope 2 and 3 emissions for FY 24 were 3,420 tCO,e
Scope 2 emissions account for aporoximately 4% of aur total
emissions, with the majority (3,294 tCO,<) coming from Scope 3
amissions categories. Alpha has no Scape 1 emissions to report

Our total emissions have risen by 263 (CO,¢ year on year, and
our revenue intensily metric has also increased from 13.8 to 14.5
1CO,e/Em revenus. The year-on-year increases in our emissions
reflect increased average global headcount, including in APAC,
with the acquisition of Shoreline, as well as an increase in employees
working from our offices or client sites, increasing Scope 2 and
Scope 3 commuting and business travel emissions

As we develop our data collection and analysis methodologies,
we will continue to update and enhance our emissions calculations
and disclosures in line with evolving best practice and the GHG
Protocc). This will also include bringing new Scape 3 categories
into our carbon footprint calculation that are appropriate for
assessing the impacts of our business model, geographic reach,
and professionat services profile,


===== page 51 =====
Carbon reduction

Our efforts to reduce carbon emissions inolude continuing to
work with service providers and property managers to expand
our purchase of renewable energy globally, as well as working
with our clients to minimise business travel wherever practical.
Alongside the initiatives of our global CSR team, we continue to
raise awareness and educate our people about the environmental
impacts of activities. We encourage them to think about
implementing Measures that couid reduce our carbon footprint,
Such as in travel, whilst still considering our commitments to
fulfiting client relationships and service delivery.

Adherence to mandatory and voluntary initiatives, notably ESOS
in the UK, Ecovadis in France, and TCFD and CDP globally, all
support and help deliver against our environmental strategy,
performance and journey towards net zero.

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 47

Reviewing anc potentially expanding our Scope 3 GHG emissions
reporting will be a part of develooing our net zero plans as we
consider the materiality of our supply chain and aim to increase
understanding and explanation of our carson footprint. We will
use this work to seek opportunities to reduce the Group's impact
on the environment.

Environmental reporting and disclosures

We have caloulated our carbon emissions and reporting in tine
with SECR, as well as voluntary reaorting of selected supply
chain (Scope 3) emissions, and Group-wide eneray usage and
resulting emissions.

SECR table
Emissions
__Fvauicos FY earGGe Fv BRIO
Global Global Global
Scope Activity __ Total____UK exe. UK__ Total «UK exch UK Total ~——UK_ excl, UK.
2 Purchased heat 523 331 192 677 260 427 48 18 30
Purchased electricity 73.0 19.2 $3.8 $2.5 18 30.7 15.5 31 12.4
3 Flights “9.3739 7561 16178 11257 3698 7559 3337 1505 183.2
Public transport 445.2 204.2 241.0 1.5607 6558 9108 123 94 29
Taxis/ear mileage 1427 «478951 BGA 383 82K 22.3 OT 118
Working from home 3926 M77 1849 2747 «114 168.3 1648 | 681987
—_ “Total "3,419.7 1,207.9 2,211.8 3,186.3 1,200.0 1,956.3 583.4 243.6 309.8
Energy
FY 24 MWh FY 23 MWh FY 22 MWh
total total — Giobat
Scope _ Activity _ Total UK exch. UK Total _ _UK excl. UK Total UK exel. UK
2 Purchased heat 2086 1632 454 3586 1225 2361 688
Purchased electricity 4017 225.2 176.5 2215 158.7
7 Total a 610.3 388.4 2219 S801 224.5
Intensity Metrics
FY 24 FY 23 FY 22
- ~~ Global tbat Global
Scope Activity Total UK excl. UK —_Total K Total UK excl. UK
283 £m of revenue 2355 915 148.0 «22870874 158.0 721 85.9
- tCO,eperfmofrevenue 145 132 154 188 137 138 35 34 36.

Notes,

4 Alpha so8s ot ave any ofices where i owns oF conteois the Dollers, yul valher pu‘chases heat trom each buidrig's menagement; hence te sansumetion of yrs-eupplea gas =

CIASSED a8 Sc9Ge Z eMwssia! § 478 Ie azcoCiated! Comersinn facior NaS been USE
Normative our tran
Greerrause Gas 2in00i ~ Corperste Standara) Aypna suoelied the workung from nome cai.
Where va hase vet ceer bie io obtain actly dacs vie have used estimations w ine with the
Where km traveled nase oct Dear recorded -n our axpemse systems for vel receipts, we have
We ore amen

1 provider hag ysed Suchase GEIS, Dette, Eo nvant anu athar sources ‘or emssions tae

+5 The accounting methodolsay ‘voreate folows the
ation fo esang the Eco8ct Homenwarking Emissions Whitsnaper !2020:

GHG Corporate Reparing Methadalo
sed 3 spend-caces methodology na wilh the GHG Corporate Reoart na Metnoasiogy

1 on our seruice Brovders ang aflice "management companies oroviding accurate dete

atphatme.com

g
Ff
a
a
z
2
B
g
a



===== page 52 =====
48 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

3 cet =

Task Force on Climate-Related
Financial Disclosures

This is the first time that the Group has reported in line with TCFD.
The associated analysis and disclosures allow us to identity andl
monitor the impact of climate on our business and are being

overseen by the ESG Committee of the Board with support from

the Group Responsible Business team.

Governance

The Aucit and Risk Committee considered numerous
climate-related risks that might impact the Group but
concluded that none identified are principal risks to the Group

‘The governance framework for managing risk,
which covers envirenmental risk {including

climate) and social risk, is available in the Risk
Management section of the Strategic Report.

The ultimate responsibilty for Group-wide risk
and opportunity governance lies with the Board
of Diractors and can oe viewed in the corporate
governance repert. The Board has delegated
cartain responsisiities to the ESG Committes
and the Audit and Risk Gommittes to ensure that
the Company's cverall strategic direction aligns
with sts ESG goals, including clmate-related
objectives and risk management,

The ESG Committee has specitic responsibilty
for considering cimate-relaiad ESG risks anc
“opportunities in connection with the Company's
operations. It meets at least twice a year, with
part of these meetings dedicated to overseeing
the daveiooment and imolementation of the Group's
ESG roadmap and strategy, which includes
climate-related r'sk and opportunity response
plans, After svary meeting, an uodate is provided
to the Board by the ESG Committee in the form
of minutad decisions and discussion to enable
alignment on ESG matters throughout the yaar.
For delaifs of this procass, see the ESG.
Committee report on pp 78-79.

Risk management

Significant findings and recommendations on
risks and opportunities trom the ESG Committee
are integrated into the broader risk management
framework overseen by the Audit and Risk
Committee, It meets at east three times a year,
with sessions focused on evaluating the
Company's risk policy and principal risks,
including those related to climate. The
significance of these cimate-retated risks is
assessed, and the risk policy is updated annually,
Further cetail is in the Risk Management section
of the Stratagio Report on pp 52-56,

‘The ESG Committee is accountable for
converting priorities, inchiging output from the
Board and the Aucit ara Risk Committee, into
actionable tasks within the ESG Rosdmap.

‘The ESG Steoring Committee is accountable for
defining the ESG roadmap, inckiding climate-reiated
sk and opportunity response plans. Implementation
is managed by the dedicated and appropriately
skilled Responsible Business team, with oversight
#rom the Group Head of Risk & Responsible
Business. Alongside this, business contacts

and senior leaders across the Group are
engaged regulary.

‘Stakeholder feedback is considered on en
ongoing basis. including that from investors and
olients, and we undertake industry benchmarking
to help inform our ESG strategy and cumate
governance. Thera is also engagement with the
Remuneration Committee to ensure that any
aspects of remuneration linked te ESG-related
objectives are appropriately akaned to the ESG
roadmap and rellect investor and other expectations.

There is common membership of the ESG, the
Audit and Risk, and Remuneration Committees:
{albeit that each committee has a different Chair,
which faciitates a coordinated approach to risk
evaluation and management. Lines of communication
between the Chairs of these cornmittees and the
Responsible Business team are also maintained
outside of scheciulad meetings to ensure ongoing
engagement and timely responses to emerging
‘ssues outside of the scheduled meetings.

Relevant reports:
[il aisk management on pp 52-56

EG corporate governance report
on pp 70-75,

EJ Ese committee report on pp 78-79

Alpha’s risk management framework combines
clear governance, robust processes and
controls, and a strong culture of risk awareness:
among all employees. Climate-related risks and
opportunities are identified. assessed, and
managed within the Group's existing framework,
taking both a top-down and bottom-up,
approach. Details of this can be found in the Risk
Management section of the Strategic Feport.

Alongside our risk management framework,
effective management of business risks including
being a goad corporate citizen is embedded into
our performance management process which is
applicaole to every employee across the Group.

This is the first year Alpna has undertaken
reporting in ine with TOFD, Whilst we already
identify the climate-retated risks as part of the
risk management framework, we also conducted

a scenario analysis to identify and assess
olimate-related opportunities that present
to the business see p. 51

Relevant reports:

Ee Bisk management on pp 52-56

28 The ESG Steering Goinmittee inchides the Chie! Executive Officer, Group Managing Drector. and Group Head of Risk & Responsible Business

aiphatme.com


===== page 53 =====
Strategy

As parl of our fitst TOFD aligned clmete impact
assessment, we conducted a qualitative scenario
analysis to test the long-term resilience of our
business with considerations acrass the whole
Group. Two scenarios wera chosen. which stress
tested the oxtremes of potential future states —
intense physical climate change in the “Hor
House Word’, and a proactive transition to 2
low-carbon world in the “Net Zero by 2050"

4. Hot House World: results in a temperature
rise of 4°C by 2300,

2. Net Zero by 2080: mits warming to <2°C
by 2100.

The mpects of the sks and opportunities
were assessed aganst three tme-horzons:

Short-term: FY 25 - occurring now
cr imminentty.

Medium-term: FY 26 to FY 28 - aligns with
the Groo's medium-term offica leases and
service arrangements, new business
activites, and the current strategy (0 coubls
the business by 2022"

Long-term: FY 28 to FY 50 - aligns to the
Uk Government's Net Zero pledge anc the
longer-term potential physical impacts of
clieate change

Alpha s currently monitoring and reporting on
Scope 2 and selected Scope 3 greenhouse gas
GHG") emissions. which provide ongoing
‘etnies to help ih assessing the Group's
management offs chmile-related transition risks
and opportunties

The Group 1s commuted to Net Zero, and in this
coming financial year wil develop its Net Zete
target and plan, which inclucies baselining our

2d The statement that the Alpha Group s grown glan hag an ampiten ty double the size 2s basingss Ly 2028 13 sspetional only ang should eb

‘A range of risks ana opportunities were assessed
in the scenario analysis agaist the likeihood of
‘occurring in the three timeframes and the financiat
exposure to the Group. All were considered against
the risk poley for social and environment ks
and rane aré considered matarial 5% of our
acinus! spend), This is primarily due tg the nature
of the professional services indusiry we operate
n, a8 Well as our usiness model, inglucing the
locations of our offices and the tlexibilty of our
‘operating model

The analysis ndicated tha climate risks are not
expected to nave a significant impact on our
business, particulary inthe sho to mediumterm.
There may baa level of mpact in the long-term,
which willbe monvtored via our risk management
framework. Overall, the analysis highighted the
climate rosiionce of our business, and indicated
the potential for grawh in soma of our products
and services in response to the climate transttion,

We have reported the six nsks and one
‘opportunity of most significance, cataling the
impact and our response, alongside the scenario
analysis output, on the next two pages. These
were included in our reporting as they were
deemed to have a medium or high ikethood of
‘oceurring across one or more of either af the
scenario timeframes, and/or to have a medium
financal exposure rating

emissions, This vall allow for nara detallad nsk
and performance tracking and willbe averseen
by the ESG Commitiee once tully implemented

‘The GHG metrics and the Net Zero target wal,
also be integrated into Aipha’s risk management
framework, ensuring that we align our strategic
decision-making processes with Gur long-term
chmate objectives.

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 49

These risks will aontinue to be monitored by the
Audit and Risk Committe and ace recorded in
the risk register for monitoring. The Group
‘regularly reviews and undates policies to ensure
compiance with a¥ applicable envranmenta| anc
Social regulatory standards, and this 5 captured
within the “tegulatory environment” prinerpal sk,
which can be found in the Principal Risks and
Uncertainties secuon of tne Strategic Report

A per the regulation, we wil repeat the scenario
analysis of clmate-related risks and opportunites
vn three years, if the business model undergoes
significant change, or if the regulation guidance
changes — whichaver is Sooner,

Relevant reports:

[ictimate-rotated rick and opportunity
matrix on pp 50-51

Dilotimate-rtated risk and opportunity
scenario analysts on p. $1

Dirrincinatrisks and uncertainties on
Pp 57-60

Relevant reports:

Ej reporting on our Scope 2 and 3 carbon
‘emissions, and our SECR report can be
found on p. 47

srrued a5 a prott forecast when

tha Tearing of the akecear Gade have can ba no certainty sar Algna wil acrreve dS anDMIGT AWC |S SUONEC?  ¥aMUS ASSUTIPLIONS. ORE aPC certains that 90.5 ASG

Apna's gromth te differ materially ram ts extressad amortica

aiphafme.com

2
a
A

a
3
2
z

3
3
a



===== page 54 =====
50 Annuai Report & Accounts 2024

Theme

Description and impact

Response plan

Chronic (ionger term
shifts in weather
patterns) and Acute
(increased frequency
and severity of exireme
weather events)

Regulatory
(policy and legal}

Reputation

Technology

alphafmc.com

An increase in extreme weather events ora Alpha’s largest revenue generating offices are primarily located in areas where acute
chronic/orolonged higher temperatures and — and chronic climate risk is lower (UK, East Coast US), Offices in higher risk areas such
sea levels, May result in potential business as Australia and California constitute a smaller percentage of our revenue — however,
‘disruption and loss of service. Examples of thay wil stil 08 monitored and planned for.

this include:
Regaraless, we have business continuity and disaster recovery pelicies that are
Property damage, and potential regularly reviewsd anc! updated, to handle emergencies effectively. In adaition,
legat latilties: we have a robust flexible working framework which has bean tried and tested with

success during the COVID-19 pandemic. This enables work to continue when offices

Challenges for office ccoling, and
may be inaccessible,

increases in anergy cosis te contro!

these environments: Moving forwards, we will consider climate-risk factors m cur decision process when
Lowered team morale and wellbeing, —_cbtaining/leasing new office spaces for our team, including any ofishore arrangements
ability to work, and ohysical health; and that may be pursued.

— Additional disruption in parts of our We uttise global enterprise grade cloud-based data centre providers that have strong
business of our supplier's business business continuity processes and are investing in climate adaptations/Net Zero

outside of our core operational locations. aigament, mitigating against the r'sk of data centre disruption and price rises
This may impact project delivery and the
Group's supply chain, and negatwely affect
our reputation and revenue,

Response plan
Potential for higher costs incurred for energy Due to the business model and industry of the Group, our energy consumption and
cansumption, and via transportation, and transportation casts are relatively low, However, we will monitor the cost of any
carbon taxatiovoflset recuirements, potentiai carbon taxes anc consider the impact on our operations.

Faiture to comply with evolving regulations We wilf continue to monitor tor new clrmate-related regulations to enable @ response

related to GHG emissions could result in _in a timely manner to help mitigate risk of fines and engage external support if required.
financial penalties, legal risks, and damage We have a well-defined process for identifying and managing regulations that may
to the firm's reputation impact the Group whieh includes:

‘Ongoing horizon scanning across Aipha’s geographies and markets in order to
identify and meet emerging reouirements in all contexts: as a consultancy provider,
allisted company, and @ business organisation:

Regular engagement and proactive dialogue with raguiators, industry bodias and
advisers, as well as Alpha's own client Regulatory Compliance Consulting practice,

Fagular review and update of the Group's policies and processes to promate and
ensure compliance with il applicable regulations; and

Ongoing diversification and expansion of the service offering, which can reduce the
overall impact on the Group of particular new or changing regulation.

There is a potential for loss of revenue ifwe — We wil maintain open communication channels with clients, investors, and suppliers,

fail to meet investor, client and supptier promptly addressing any concerns or complaints, and demonstrating transparency

Climate expectations and requirements, and integrity m all ousiness dealings. As noted above, we will scan for any incorn:ng
regulatory demands that these stakeholders may be subject to that require Alpha’s
input. to ensure we are responding effectively and delivering in line with these.

It Alpna (or Alpha's clients} make net zero’ We wil set realistic and tangibie targets
climate commitments that they are unable toto avoid the risk of them oeing unattainable. We will also seek to improve the available
achieve, this could impact Alpha’s reputation data on an ongoing basis and are currently using a third-parly tool to help us track and
and result in lost revenue. analyse gus emissions impact. We are also planning far a travel Survey to abdtain batter
information on employee commuting. To ensure alignment and progress, we wil conduct
regular audits, implement internal contro's, andl provide ongoing staff training where relevant.

From a client perspective, we will actively engage with them to promote responsible
environmental stewardship and support them in achieving their Net Zero targets.

Moving to new applications, data (Qur current systems presently support our reporting requiraments, but we will monitor
management processes or technology in this risk as itis unlixely to impact the Group in the shart to medium-term. In the long-term,
order to align with regulation or reporting monitoring the revenus, available debt, and cash reserves of the ousiness will be

requirements, or to support the Group's own important to ensure any potential increased costs are able to bs absorbed.
enmronmental policies and chmate targets,
‘which could incur higher costs fer the business.



===== page 55 =====
Theme
Products

Potential growing demand for consultancy
services that specialise in providing guidance
on sustainable practices, carbon footprint
seduction, and climate risk management, tt
may also open more opportunities for Alpha
$0 partner with technology and data-based
companies to delver solutions ang new
projects across cur propositions and
especially alternatives, By leveraging its
expertise in ESG integration and climate
risk management, Alpha can aitract new
clients, enhance its markel share, and drive
revenue growth,

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 51

(Our solid growth over 20+ years, proves that we understand the structural Univers of
the market, and cen innovate and enhance the service offering accordingly, including
developing of market-leading technology and data capabritizs, This is enabled by an
effective and coordinated director team working across multiple geographies and sactors.

The Group will proactively engage with our clients to understand their evolving needs
around climate change. ano 10 offer taored consuttancy services end strategic
products thal can help them navigate new regulatory expectations. customer and
investor demands, and cimate chatlenges.

2
Ft
3
é
3
Zz
Fy
3
3
3

Technology

Increasing availabitty of new green technology
and improvements in existing technology in
response to the climate transition will open
raw opportunities te ine Group and may
have a positive impact including:

~- Reduced costs as tachnology becomes
more efficiant and less anergy intensive:
Abitty to improve our technology stacks
and supialy chain to make it greener and
reduce cur amigsions:
The opportunity to cansoligate our
technology stack and move te one provider
thats the Most FSG-friendly, instead of
bboing spraad across multiple: anc

~ Betler availabilty of ESS data that wil
Inform our chent projects and internal
FSG decisions.

We monitor the availabilty of new technology, and how it could cositvely impact the
Group f implemented.

When engaging with suppliers in our procurement process, we wil question them on
the technotogy used and the environmental benefits oF implications of such to intorn
ur dacision-making process

Climate-related risk and opportunity scenario analysis

Impact
Drisn Omedum — Low
— —u :
‘Scenario 1: Hot House
Financial FY26- FY 20~ FY26- FY 29-
Risk type Risk __ Summary description . exposure! FY25 FY28 FY5O FY25 FY26 FY50
5 Acute and Polental business disrupuon ang loss at Medium
Chwonie  Senicesues by xtone/crcne o 0 o 0
weather events
Regulatory Higher costs dustocabon Low oo og
taeatovotets o 90
Failure to comply with evolving regulation Low o 0 oO
Ropvtation Falure lo mee! client and supper Net Mediums oO
Zero requuements
Alpha/Aipha's clients unable to acheve Low 7 oO —
ovNet Zac conmtnents o 0
Technology Higher costs of envanmentaly Low -
ino seco 9 o 9
B Products increased demand ‘or ESG seraces = Medhum ny, er, a
anda sores oo 9
Technology Increased avalabiity of green technology Low o oO

Financial exposure cstimated °. ctannusl soara Low <*

os Mecium 2a, High 5% o pore

aiphafme.com


===== page 56 =====
$2 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Overview

The Group's business organisation, and the industries in which
it operates, expose it to a number of potential risks arising from
internal or external events and actions. The Group manages risk
actively and closely in order to limit potential adverse affects on
the implementation of its strategy, the financial performance and
on the interests of its clients, shareholders and employees

The main objectives of the risk management
framework are to ensure that there is:

— Asstrong corporate culture of risk awareness and
responsibility embedded at all ievels of the organisation;

Mitigation of ongoing risk as far as possible, without
unduly affecting the Group's competitiveness
and flexibility:

~ Proactive identification and reporting of risk information,
with clear management and mitigation responsibilities; and

Provision of a suitable bas's upon which the Audit and
Risk Committee and, ultimately, the Board can assess
the effectiveness of the Group's risk management and
internal controls.

Risk governance

The Board has overall responsibility for risk monitoring and
management at Alpha, and ensures that risks that could impact
the fulfilment of the Group's strategic objectives, including growth
trajectory, are monitored and managed effectively. The Audit and
Risk Committee provides assurance to the Board on the
appropriateness of the Group's risk processes, controls and
governance, including reporting,

The Audit and Risk Committee, alongside the Board, is responsible
for overseeing and reviewing the key risks facing the business,
principally through the formal meetings of the Committee and
quarterly risk reporting, The Board decides whether these risks
should be avoided, mitigated or tolerated. The Group follows a
“top-down’ and “bottom-up” approach to monitoring and managing
risks, Top-down strategic risk management is directed from the
Board and applied through the actions of the executive tearm and
wider senior management. Bottorn-up operational risk management
is implemented through the engagement, risk awareness and
corporate respansibiity of all Alpha employees, supported by
Aipha’s operations functions

alphaime.com



===== page 57 =====
Risk assessment

The effective management of risk requires governance, oversight
and management, ail of which are key components of Alpha's
robust risk management framework and underpin the Group's
ability to execute its strategy and deliver long-term growth. In managng
risk globally, Alpha identifies risks both strategically and on a daily
basis, closely monitoring risk exposures by considering their
probability and potential impacts, and undertaking any management
actions to mitigate them with aopropriate risk responses,

Alpha’s risk management framework is built around its business
model and strategy, and comprises six key components, All isk
management adheres to this process, which emphasises the
importance of business integrity, transparency and accountability.
The framework is cyclical and ensures the effective handling of all
emerging and identified organisational, strategic and relevant
external risks, while permitting the opportunity for continual
monitoring and improvement,

The Group's main toals for managing risks are its risk register
and its statment of risk appetite. Alpha’s risk register records the
detail of risks that could have a material impact on the Group's
performance, financial resilience or reputation. It is cverseen by
the Group Caordination Committee and maintained using information
and perspectives from the core business and operations functions
of the Group (please see the risk management governance or

p. 52 for more details).

For the risk register, risks are assessed using a scoring systen
that captures the likelincod of their occurrence and the impact
‘that they would have on the Group. This approach allows the
Group to consider risks, identify trends and define responses
centrally and consistently.

Alpha’s approach to risk management

Risk appetite Responding to risks

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 53

The statement of risk appetite defines the type and amount of

risk that the Group is willing to take in order to achieve its strategic
objectives, which has bean agreed by the Board. The Group then
assesses whether it is operating in line with its stated risk appetite
by monitoring mavernents in its key risk indicators, which are
incorporated in the Board's risk reports

Group risks are reviewed, discussed and challenged centrally by
the executive team through the Group Coordination Committee.
The Group Coordination Committee, supported by Alpha's Group
Risk function, considers the risks that are or could be of significant
impact to the business and its strategy, and determines which
risks should be escalated to the Board. As tne Group Coordination
Committee represents all areas of the business and operations,
itis also able to agree the approach to and coordinate the
implernentation of relevant risk mitigation actions,

Reporting decisions are documented so that the assessment and
escalation approach can be reviewed by the Audit and Risk Committee
as part of its assurance responsibiltias. In exceptional cicumstances,
where the risk is of a sensitive business neture, it may be raised
on an individual basis with the Chief Executive Officer, who can
present that risk directly fo the Board.

The most material current risks to the Group are presented
in the Annual Report as the principal risks and uncertainties
(see pp 57-60). The Board contirms that, having applied the
approach described above, a robust assessment of the
principat risks and uncertainties has been carried out

‘We use our risk appetite ta tell us which
risks we will and wi not tolerate. We cetine
the level of risk we can support [H.M.LK

and apply Qualitative limits on spacitic risks
that can be monitored ("kay ask indicators")

Risk context

We target risks that emerge (rom our
industry and operating emironment (the
“nsk context”), We use govemance forums,
including monthly risk oversight and
bremonthly businass {unction meetings,

to proactively capture and understand
emerging risks and future events,

Assessing risks
We assess risk using @ structured
process and consisient scoring approach.
which lakes account of probability anc
impact, The assessment of aach is
‘Secumented on the Group Risk Register.

Wo regularly review our sks, iontity
trends and respond with actions that allow
‘continuaus improvement and development
through systaenatic horizon scanning ane
ongoing assessments of external markets,
events, to dofine kay principal risks and
‘itdor risk thames, Each risk must 08
owned and updated by a Risk Owner

‘who is a member of ne Group Coordination
Committee or Divisional Leadership.

Corporate

Reporting risk
We provide assurance that risk 15
managed, escalated, lreated and
mtigated, Risk reports from across the
Group, and the processes of contro} can
be assessed by the Autit & Risk Committee.

Governing risk

We govern risk through exeoutive
‘oversight and responsibalites covering
all business areas

risk culture

alphafme.com

g
a
8
a
e
)
3
3
8



===== page 58 =====
54 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Risk policy and categorisation

The Group's risk policy is reviewed at least annually and
enhanced periodically so that it remains relevant, taking into
account any emerging risks such as those linked to climate
change. As part of this, the Group ensures that it has effectively
identified the areas in which risks may arise, and could need to be
monitored or managed. To do this, the Group categorises and
assesses risk exposures using the following main groupings:

Operational risk

The Group’s approach to minimising operational risk is to centralise
relevant processes and oversight frameworks through the leadership
team, which includes the Group Managing Director, and global
leads from Operations and IT, HR and Recruitment, Responsible
Business, Legal and Corporate Affairs. Operational risks are mitigated
through operational processes and, where required, projects that
are designed to strengthen the control environment, manage the
delivery of change effectively and protect Aigha’s competitive
standing with regard to people and quality of service.

Industry and market risk

The Group's approach to minimising industry risk is to undertake
a regular assessment of the market and its influencers, including
reguiatory, political and structural change, and to maintain a close
dialogue with market participants, such as clients, competitors
and industry bodies. This review is delivered through the Group's.
defined corporate governance responsibilities, wherein the directors.
and regional leadership manage those relationships on a day-to-day
basis and communicate the key findings and perspectives to the
Group Cuuruitialion Committee ana, in turn, to the Board of Directors.
Financial risk

The Group's approach to minimising financial risk is to manage
utilisation, day rates, costs and cash collection actively and
closely. The Group's target is for client projects to be chargeable
mainly on a time and materials basis, and to ensure that consultants’
time is recorded and billed each month.

aiphafme.com

Otherwise, the Group ensures that any delivery-based
arrangements have clear milestones for invoicing, A considerable
amount of attention is paid to consultant utilisation and day rates,
and their alignment to budget, which are reviewed and monitored
by the heads of region alongside the Group Finance team.

Environmental and social risk

The Group's approach to minimising environmental and social
risk 's predicated on maximising the benefits and minimising the
downsides of the Group's economic, secial and environmental
impacts. Within this category, the Group monitors a number of
individual risks including transition risk, which is the tisk inherent
in any changing stratagies, policies or investments as part of any
“net zero” or other societal targets, and its ability to meet the
requirements of new regulation. Aipha has an ESG Committee
to oversee ESG risk management and monitor the delivery of the
Group's ESG strategy in addressing these matters.

Legat and commercial risk

As a professional services provider, Aipha recognises that it is
exposed to risk from inadequate contracts and cornmercial terms,
as well as claims by clients or other parties. The Group’s approach
fo minimising commercial and legal risk is to ensure that consistent
Quidelines and terms are in place for all contractual arrangements,
which is overseen by the Group Head of Legal & Corporate Afiairs
This approach is reinforced through strong senior ‘sadershio
responsibility across relevant areas in which claims and dispute
could occur, such as in client delivary. External advice is available
and sought where appropriate.

Any risk could impact more than one of the above categories or
fail outside the above categories. However, this categorisation
facilitates the processes of identifying the risks that the Group
faces and fer distinguishing the risk appetite across the different
categories of risk,


===== page 59 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 55

Risk management governance

| Top down

| Top-down strategic risk management is
directed from the Board and applied
through the actions of the executive
team and wider senior management Board of

| within operations. The Group's risk Directors
function supports the Board, Audit and
Risk Committee, and senior management
through regular reporting and cascading
down processes and decisions about

Corporate accountability for risk:

— Assesses and reports on principal risks.
and uncertainties.

— Agreas the risk appetite.
— Agrees the key risk indicators.

— Determines strategic action points.

the risk policy,

Corporate assurance
Oversight of risk processes and procedure.

— Internal control.

Assesses effectiveness of risk management
framework and reporting.

Executive responsibility:
— Monitors external environment,

Oversees business-level risk
management activities.

— Monitors key risk indicators.
~ Overseas strategic action points.
~ Ownership of the risk register.

- Regular engagement with global
divisional leadership.

Strategic risk management:
~ Oversees definition of the strategy.

— Monitors execution to strategic objectives.

Identifies and addresses risk to business strategy
and direction,

Bottom up

Bottom-up operational risk
management is imolemented through
the engagement, risk awareness and
corporate responsibility ef all Alpha
employees. The Group's risk function
facilitates awareness and structured
risk assessment processes, and
ensures an appropriate flow of risk
information and reporting upwards.

Ed core business functions can be found on p. 17

Operational risk management:

-- Monitor operating environment.

~ Identify, assess and mitigate operational risks
~ Implement strategic action paints.

—- Execute policies, training and controls.

"Operational risk identification:

~ Identify and report risks.

— Manage and own risks where refevant to role

— Participate in risk training and follow risk processes.

~ Utilise risk toolkits and develop awareness.

alphafme.com

g
FI
A
é&
3s
2
z
3
3
a



===== page 60 =====
56 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

a ra oe

Enhancements to the risk management approach

The Group continues to review its risk management framework
annually and updates it to reflect any changes in the Group's risk
profile and its operating environment, During the past year, a
numer of enhancements were introduced to Alpha’s risk
management framework, These include:

~ Continuing to review and update the Group's risk governance
to capture the Graup's business forums correctly end the
integration of any new teams or functions. In the year, this
included the integration of the Shoreline business into Aipha's
risk monitoring for APAC;

— Amendments to Board risk reporting to align with the review
and update of the principal risks in the year, This included the
alignment of key risk indicators to support the assessment of
those material risks, and increased reporting cycles to ensure
ongoing and active risk reporting to the Board;

Further focus on ESG as this topic continues to grow in terms
of regulation, reputational consideration and reporting, This
included updating the framework to clarity the responsibilities
of the Responsible Business function in managing ESG-related
tasks and clirnate change risks;

Continuing to build positive engagement and nurture a
risk-aware culture across the Alpha business. This has been
enacted through relevant communications, attending company
meetings to spotlight and support risk topics, and knowledge
sharing on business-related matters, including enhancements
in the year to client due diligence coordination;

Further development of risk governance with key operational
functions and regional business leadership to ensure regular
touchpoints, proactive risk-based discussions and consistent
approaches. This included bringing together the Management
Gensulting and Technology Consulting risk review given the
closer collaboration on market and delivery approaches across
the two disciptines; and

Advancements in artificial inteligence (‘AI’) are prominent in the
landscape and present an opportunity for professional services
firns ike Alpha to adapt accordingly. At the same time, the
Group must proactively identity any adoption or security risks
that this presents. Alpha’s internal governance around technology
advancements, including Al, includes representation from IT,
Legal and Risk to support this assessment.

In aiming to balance successfully corporate growth and
development with the consideration and management of key
risks, Alpha reviews its risk framework and the need for any
enhancements at least annually. Following the year end, an
intemal auait was also initiated on the Group's risk management
practices and processes, faciltated by Grant Thorton to provide
assurance of Alpha’s risk management framework in identifying,
assessing and managing risks.

alphatme.com

Financial risk management
The Group bas established internal contre! and risk management

structures in relation to the process for preparing the consolidated
financial statements. The key features of this framework are:

The Group's executive team understands the importance of
internal control and of adhering to the principles of risk
mitigation on a global, operational! basis;

The Audit and Risk Committee has primary responsibility for
reviewing the quality of internal controls and checks, to ensure
that the financial performance of the Group can be properly
measured and reported on;

— The Chief Financial Officer and Finance team regularly monitor
and consider developments in accounting regulations and best
practice in financial reporting and, where anpropriata, reflect
developments in the consolidated financial statements;

~ The Group’s results are subject to various levels of review
within the Group's finance and management teams;

— Both the Audit and Risk Committee and the Board review the
draft consclidated financial statements;

- The Audit and Risk Committee receives reports [rom senior
management and the external auditor on significant judgements
or estimates, changes in accounting policies, changes in
accounting estimates and other pertinent matters relating to
the consolidated financial statements: and

- The annual financiai statements are subject to external audit.

Market-related risks

The global consulting market exoerienced a more competitive
environment during the financial year - and the supply and
demand dynamics continue to rebalance, A longer sales cycie
remained in place during the year, which Aloha navigated through
resiliently, taking appropriate approaches to reinforce its position,
including an ongoing foous on day rates, selective hiring in key
growth areas and active management of its cost base.

The Group sees improving market conditions anc, with that, more
positive market sentiment returning towards the end of FY 24,
albeit at a slower pace than first envisaged. The Group continues
to see robust client demand and maintains a strong pipeline of
new business opportunities. These factors, together with the
strong long-term structural growth arivers that underpin demand
for Alpha's services and the Group's compelling proposition to
clients, provides confidence that the Group is stili well positioned
for continued growth.

Alpha continues to monitor carefully the dynamics anc risks
associated with the competitive market environment, which is
captured within the macro principal risk.

The Directors and the senior management team also continue to
monitor closely the situations in Ukraine, israel and Gaza as they
evolve. Alpha’s operational footprint does not extend to those
particular areas, and we do not service clients based in those
territories, Currently, the principal risk to Aipha is from the wider
possible market impacts to the economy (please see “Geopolitical”
on p. 58 for mare information}: however we continue to track and
assess the risk of the conflict encompassing wider parts of the
Middle East region.


===== page 61 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 ST

Soyo 4 booms a 4 a .
oer mye - vs Fe eg
Overview of our principal risks and uncertainties
Risk Net risk rating Risk tron Net risk rating
- THigh Mecium Low
&E Macro s
Risk trend
£8 Geopolitical os
“Inereasing No change * Decreasing
O} Busmess strategy ey a
8 Data security a
$B Acquisition and integration 2
2B People a y
A Quauty of ser nce = :
#8 Competitors %
1} Regulatory environment oe

Net risk rating Risk trend $s

43 Macro

Risk

Mitigating factors

Rlisk that wider market, economic,
commercial and financial risks can
impact the Group's ability to
service clients, their demand for
consultancy and technology
services and, therefore, the
Group's own performance

and financial position,

— Monitoring of key business and growth activities within the Group’s geographical locations
and sectors, while congistently engaging with key internal stakeholders to identify, and
plan around, significant trends or events,

Regular horizon scanning to identify and assess emerging risks and to ensure an effective,
coordinated response to any macro challenges that are identified.

— Business model that is responsive to change and regularly reviewed, and a proven record
of developing the proposition successfully to anticipate and meet client needs,

Ongoing diversification and expansion of the service offering, which can reduce the
overall impact on the Group of particular restrictions or challenges in certain geographies
or markets where Alpha is operating.

alphatme.com

g
s
@
a
2
»
a
3
a



===== page 62 =====
fe) Geopolitical

Risk

Risk thal external events and crises
can bring significant uncertainty,
voiatility, and fragility 10 geopolitics
and markets, which can impact
both the Group's operating model,
employees and ability to deliver on
its strategic objectives.

Ps) Business strategy

58 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Net riskrating {3 Risk trend 23

Mitigating factors

~- Regular engagement with regional business leads to identify any changes in the
geopolitical landscape, as well as considering risks in potential new geographies or
‘operating locations.

Use of external advisers, international third-party risk and global assistance information to
provide real-time security information, risk assessments, news alerts and forecasts for the
timely detection of geopolitical risks and global security events.

Global management governance that is highly responsive to emerging events, and market
and geopolitical trends — and ensures an effective, coordinated response to any
challenges that emerge.

A strong track record of considering necessary changes to delivery approaches,
operating locations and business focuses; alongside a comprehensive HR and support
framework for employees affected by external events, crises and challenges.

Net risk rating <{} Risk trend $3

Risk

Risk that the Group responds
inadequately to changing market
factors and/or opportunities,
inctuding technological
advancements and disruptors. The
success of the Group's strategy
depends on anticipating changes
and developing a proposition that
best serves its clients.

alphafme.com

Mitigating factors

— Robust business mode! that involves proactive and adaptive planning and execution,
alongside strong governance at a market, sector and service offering level to enable close
review of performance and identify any changes to the Group strategy in line with evolving
market factors.

Proven ability, through successful growth and expansion over 20+ years, to
understand the structural drivers of the market, and to innovate and enhance the
service offering accordingly, including the development of market-leading technology
and data caoabllities.

The Group continues to support and drive client demand by identifying and investing
in new market-leading service propositions and developing technology complements
to support clients across the financial services sectors in which it operates.

— Strong visibility of market advancements and growth opportunities, enabled through
an effective and coordinated director team working across multiple geographies and
sectors, and a roadmap to increase the business beth organically and inorganically,


===== page 63 =====
£8 Data security

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 89

Net riskrating ©: Risktrend 3

Risk

Risk of cyber attacks, security
breaches and data mishandling,
leading to consequent risks ta
client data, loss of integrity or
availability of core data,

Acquisition and integration

Mitigating factors

-- Acomprehensive suite ot data protection and information security policies, overseen
by the Information Security function, to monitor and ensure compliance with
processing agreements across key stakeholders and suppliers.

— IT Operations function collaborates with proficient external partners to facilitate
the global delivery of the Group’s internal and clientfacing IT services.

~ Best practice controls to prevent, detect and respond quickly to any cybersecurity
events and data handling anomalies,

Policies, processes, testing and training are in place to define the standards of control
and educate staff on the operating context and potential risks, including the constantly
evolving cyber risk landscape.

Netriskrating “5 Risk trend

Risk

Risk of failure of the Group to
select, complete and integrate
businesses that contrioute
positively to the business model
and growth strategy.

Mitigating factors

— Full acquisition due diligence and integration framework, including analysis, planning
and mitigation as part of the upfront framework and dedicated integration projects with
workstreams across business, commercials and operations for each acquisition

~ The Group's extensive experience of working with clients on high-profile acquisition
and integration frameworks is leveraged and constantly refined through the Group's
own acquisition activities.
Continuous monitoring of the market for acquisition opportunities that would support
the Group's strategy, positively enhance the offering and client satisfaction, and align
with Alpha’s culture and values.

— Dedicated project teams assess and integrate the acquired entities, people, orocesses
and systems into the Group and alse ensures compliance to Aipha's standards.

Net risk rating = Risk trend $i

Risk

Risk of failure to attract, incentivise
and retain the best people with the
right capabilities across all
propositions, levels and geographies.
Afailure to undertake effective
succession planning for key roles
could alse adversely increase this
risk and impact performance,

Mitigating factors
Unique culture that values diversity, inclusivity, high performance, meritocracy, sociability,
and support, accompanied by a broad and responsive support structure — incorporating
HR, individual mentors, and external advice schemes — to ensure a continuous focus
on our values and culture, alongside a robust set of policies.

— Rigorous in-house recruitment process, which targets the highest calibre consukants
in the industry, demonstrated through Alphas record of attracting top talent versus
the competition and increasing headcount.

Competitive, regularly benchmarked remuneration package with benefits for career
development, recognition, and participation in profit-sharing or cash oonus.

-- Extensive focus on retention, building capabilities, and providing targeted learning
and development opportunities with a hyperfocus an support, career development,
and effective succession planning.

alphafme.com

g
a
3
a
3
2
Fe
3
3
Ed



===== page 64 =====
60 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

¥ Quality of service

Risk

Failure to maintain quality of service
on client delivery engagements.

Ee Competitors

Net risk rating sf} Risk trend $3

Mitigating factors
Clearly defined terms agreed up front, ensuring that each delivery framework
is appropriate and the delivery objectives are achievabia.

— Clear client account ownership structures to ensure accountability for ctient relationships,
from opportunity generation, to ongoing monitoring of client satisfaction and fulfilment
of agreed delivery criteria

— Bynamic and integrated risk management framework, which encompasses service
delivery oversight, to support the Group's focus on delivery excellence and early risk
identification, and promotes ousiness collaboration on both opportunities and challenges

- Close attention to client satisfaction and retention in the market, as well as the generation
of re-sell and cross-sell opportunities, demonstrating the strength of the Group's full client
proposition suite and consistency of reoutation for quality across all business areas.

Netriskrating @j  Risktrend $3

Risk that a competitor or new
‘entrant may be abie to achieve
success and win work from the
Group's existing clients. Less
mature or more specialist
propositions, which the Group
chooses to develop, may oresent
less of a compstitive advantage,

@ Regulatory environment
Risk a
Risk that the Group does not
successfully identify, address anc/
‘oF meet forthcoming regulation, or
that the business modei and
strategy are materially impacted by
legal and regulatory changes that

restrict the service offering or
access to key markets.

alphafme.com

ating factors

— Continual development and investment in key competitive differentiators, including:
— Highly focused sector proposition, working exclusively in asset and wealth

management, alternatives and insurance sectors;

— Strong, global reputation amongst clients, with the broad and deep expertise,
and very high quality of the Alpha teams as a key compatitive advantage;

- In developing new specialist propositions, Alpha leverages its strong global client
relationships and axtensiva industry insights to earn competitive advantage from
an early stage: and

— Monitoring of the market to identify and assess any changes in competitive position,
including growth rates and the link between demand and supply ovarall

Netrisk rating } Risktrend 43

Mitigating factors

Ongoing horizon scanning and regulatory assessment across Alpha’s geographies
and markets in order to identify and meet emerging requirements in all contexts:
as a consultancy provider, a listed company, and a business organisation,

Regular engagement and proactive dialogue with reguiators, industry bodies and
advisers, as well as Alphe’s own client Regulatory Compliance Consulting practice.
to complement horizon scanning and fully assess regulatory and legal changes.

-— Regular review and update of the Group's peiicies and processes to promete and
ensure compliance with all agplicable regulations (including ESG regulatory standards).

Ongoing diversification and expansion of the service offering, which can reduce the
overall impact on the Group of particular new or changing regulation while relevant
responses are implemented.


===== page 65 =====
Non-financial information

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 ot

and sustainability statement

Reporting
requirement

Principal risks

Principal locations in this
Annual Report

Business mode! ~ Strategic Report

Risk management and principal nsks and
uncertantias ~ Strategic Report

Pages

52-56

‘Summary of business application

‘An explanation of the Group's ousiness madel is givan in the
business model section of the Strategic Report

The Board's process far considering and reviewing principal

‘ngks 1s outlined in the nisk management and pnneipal risks and
uncertaintes section of the Strategic Report.

Non-financial
KPIs

Environmental
matters,
inctuding
climate-related
disclosures

Employees

Key perlormance indicators - Strategic Report

Sustamable business - Strategic Flepart

TOFD statement
£SG Commitee report

Looking atter our peoole - Strategic Report

24-25

Tha Board aporoves non-financial KPIs, such as heaécount
and clients, More information on thase can be found in the

key performance indicators section of the Strategic Report
information an the Group's corporate social responsiblity.
objectives, policy and the Group's eruronmental focus, 6 provided
1N the Sustainable business section of the Strategic Report.

Information an clrnate-relatad «ieks anc opportunities and the
governance arrangements that are in place to assess and
manage these, are included the TOFD statement,

‘Our employee-related policies and procedures are available
10 ail employees ~ this includes policies around wellbeing,
960 feedback. parental leave, ote,

‘More information on how we |nok atter our people is provides
in the sustanable business and section 172 statement sections.

The Group's Corporate Compliance Manuat is available on the
Alpha website and is made availabe to all employees,

Human rights.
anti-corruption
and anti-bribery

_Sustanable business - Strategic Report _

20-83

Social matters

The Strategic Report was approved by the Board of Directors on 20 June 2024.

By order of the Board,

Luc Baqué

uti and ek Commuter
Sarpate Severance ;

GASB dsseuo ae
Looking ae rp Seategis Rao! ae

Sustainable business — Strategic Report

40-47

‘Our antrbnbery and vihwileblowing review procasses are
set out in the Annual Report. The policies are avaiable to

all empioyees and are contained n the Group's Corporate
Gompliance Manual which :s pubished on the Alcha website,

Our human nghts approach is detailed in cur sustainable
business Section in the Strategic Report, .
Details around aur corporate saciai responsibilty appreach
are explained in the sustainable business section.

aiphafme.com

g
Fy
é
é
=
ed
3
Hf
3



===== page 66 =====
62 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

h,


===== page 67 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 63

Corporate
Governance

64 Chairman's introduction
66 Board of Directors

68 Corporate Governance Goae

7 Corporate governance recort

78 Nomination Committee report

°
cy
a
Ef
3
s
3
g
3
B
3

78 ESG Committes report

95 Directors’ report

98 Statement of Directors’ responsibilities

9 Independent auditor's report

Director,
FTSE 100 aavice leader

alphafme.com


===== page 68 =====
64 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Chairman’s introduction

Ken Fry
Chairman

An introduction from the Chairman

As Directors of the Board, we understand that an engaged
Board and an effective committee structure facilitates the good
governance of the entire Group. As such, we have davaloped our
governance structure to support the Group's continued success
and growth. The Board has an Audit and Risk Committee, a
Remuneration Committee, a Nomination Committee and an

ESG Committee, each with formal delegated duties and responsibilities.
The structure of the Board and its committees, together with the
executive management of the Group, is set out in the corporate
governance report on pp 70-75.

The role of the Chairman is to lead the Board and be responsible
for its govemance, performance and effectiveness. The Chairman
sets the tone for the Company and ensures that the links betwaen
the Board and the executive team, as well as between the Beard
and the shareholders, are strong and efficient,

Recommended cash offer to acquire the Group

On 20 June 2024, the Board of Directors announced a
rocommended cash offer to acquire Alpna by Actium Bidco (UK)
Limited, a newly incorporated indiract subsidiary of certain funds
managed by Bridgepoint Advisers Limited, which 1s expected

to be implemented by way of a scherne of arrangement {the
“Offer’), Completion of this Offer wil be subject to approval by
shareholders al a Court meeting and a General Meeting. The
timings and arrangements for these mestings will be confirmed

in a scheme dacument to be sent to shareholders, Further information
on the Offer can be found on the Company's website

alphafme.com

Should the Offer be approved by shareholders, upon completion
of the Offer the Company is expected to be re-registered as a
private company, and will therefore no longer be subject to the
regulatery and governance framework applicable to public
companies. Upon completion of the Offer, it is the intention

of the Independent Directors to step down from the Board.

As at the publication date of this report, the Company's shares
remain admitted to trading on the AIM market and the provisions
of the AIM Rules for Companies and the QCA Corporate Governance
Code continue to apply to the Company. Certain aspects of the
governance disclosures set out this report relate te the Group's
governance arrangements and areas of focus for FY 25, including
the Group's new Remuneration Policy as in effect from 1 April 2024,
These arrangements remain in place as at the date of publication
of this report and will continue to apply to the Group up to the
date of completion of the Offer

The progress of the Offer in the coming weeks will determine
whether the Company is required to hold its 2024 Annual General
Meeting, A further update will be provided to shareholders on this
matter in due course.

Compliance with the QCA Corporate
Governance Code

In recognising the importance of high standards of corporate
governance, integrity and business ethics, the Board continued to
apply the 2018 Quoted Company Atliance Corporate Governance
Cade {the “2018 QCA Code") during the year ended 31 March 2024,
A description of how the Board has applied the principles of this
Code is provided on pp 68-69. The corporate governance report
on pp 70-75 sets out further information about the Group's
governanes framework.

The Directors recognise the need to continue developing the
corporate governance structure and processes to reflect the
evolving requirements of the Group's shareholders, employees,
clients and wider stakeholders.

The Board has carefully considered the updates to the 2028
version of the Quoted Companies Corporate Governance Code
ithe "2023 QCA Code’), and the Company has taken proactive
steps to ensure that it is now compliant with these new principles
for the financial year beginning 1 April 2024, Furthermore, a process
of implementing a number of enhancements to our governance
framework has already commenced during the current year,
including bolstering the Board evaluation process and the evolution
of execulive remuneration arrangements. We will report fully against
the 2023 QCA Code in our FY 25 Annual Report, in line with QCA
recommendations (i stil relevant, in view of the Offer).

FY 24 in focus

In FY 24, a number of developments relating to the Board structure
and governance framework, as outlined in the FY 23 Annual Report
became {ully embedded, Lue Baqué formally took on the role of
Chief Executive Olficer on 1 April 2023, following the completion
of a thorough handover from Euan Fraser, the former Chie! Executive
Officer. Euan supported the Board as a Strategic Adviser until

9 January 2024, which ansured a smooth transition.


===== page 69 =====
FY 24 also saw the first full financial year with the ESG Committee
in place, This Committee aligns the Board's environmental, social
and governance priorities and decision-making processes with
intornal and external stakeholders, and it has overseen the shaping
and implementation of a comprehensive ESG strategy, alongside
other disclosures. The Group was pleased te have published its
first Sustainability Report and public UK Gender Pay Gap report
on its website, and its first TCFD raport is published within this
Annual Report and Accounts (see pp 48-51}. The Group's ESG
Committee report on pp 78-73 sets cut this Committee's
activities during FY 24 and its priorities for FY 25 in more detail.

Several new initiatives and enhancements to the gavernance
framework commenced during FY 24 and will continue ta evolve
in FY 25. The Remuneration Committee, with the guidance of an
external specialist remuneration consultant, undertook @ comprehensive
review of the Group's remuneration arrangements for the Executive
Directors and senior management. This has culminated in anew
Remuneration Policy for FY 25, which is more closely aligned with
current best practice for a large AlM-quoted business. Details can
be found in the Remuneration Committee repart on pp 84-94.

An important element of this process was proactively consulting
with our major shareholders to seek their views on the proposals
before implementation.

The Group alse took steps to strengthen an already robust risk
management process, Under the supervision ang direction of the
Audit and Risk Committes. the risk policy has been reviewed and
updated as part of the annual review process, and an external
firm has been engaged to provide internal audit services to
supplement the exsting audit process. Details of these developrnents
can be found in the Audit and Risk Committee report an pp 80-83.

The Group appointed its first in-house. full-time Company Secretary
in June 2023. Following the completion of a structured transition
process from Prism CoSec during the year, the Company Secretary
works closely with the Board, its committees and the Group's
stakeholders, to ensure the governance framework continues to
be robust ana, importantly, is able to evolve in ine with bast practice.

u

o
8
3
3
3
5
iy
‘
iB
4

In the coming year, the Board will continue to. champion the
Group's positive culture and robust governance framework

and ensure that they remain appropriate and proportionate to
the Group's size, complexity, risk profile, and stratagic ambitions
‘The Board will implement further enhancements to the Group's
governance credentiais during FY 25, including demonstrating
progress against the ESG roadmap,

Stakeholders

The Board considers its key stakeholders to be its empioyses,

ts shareholders, its clients and the communities im which the
Group operates, and understands these relationships facilitate
its decision making at an executive level. A statement setting out
how the Directors have discharged their duties under Section 172
of the Companies Act 2006, including a descriotion of how the
Group has engaged with its key stakeholders. is set out on

pp 31-38.

Corporate culture

The Directors believe that the Group's culture, together with a
strong emphasis on integrity, business ethics, and good corporate
governance, ensures its ability 10 execute the strategy, deliver the
Fight outcomes for the Group's clients, and create value for
shareholders and other stakeholders,

The Board is able to promote and monitor the desired corporate
culture across the Group through its engagement with employee
representatives, review of relevant policies and decision making at
an executive level. The Group's culture and values are described
in the Looking After Our People section on pp 36-338,

Ken Fry

Charman

alphafms.com


===== page 70 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024

csernance

Board of Directors

Ken Fry
Independent
Non-Executive Chairman

membership

Term of Ken joined the Alpha Board as @ Non-Executve

office Director in 2016 and was appoimed
Non-Executive Chairman of the Group in
2018. In 2025, Ken wil have served on the
Board for nine years, and succession panning
arrangements are therefore under consideration

Committee Ken is Chair of the Nomination Committee,

and 2 member of the Audit and Risk
Committee, the ESG Committee and the
Remuneration Committee.

membership

Skills and
experience

Ken was Global Chief Operating Oticer at
Aberdeen Asset Menagement for nearly 10
years and has over 30 years’ expenence in
financial services, He has consideraole
experience integrating acquisitions within
the investment management Industry and a
strong technology and operations background,
having undertaken many transformational
projects during hs career. He directed the
integration of major acquisitions while at
Aberdeen Asset Management, including
asgets acquired from Deutsche Asset
Management, Credit Suisse Asset
Management and Scottish Widows
lvestment Partners.

Ken keeps the skills to support and deliver
the Group's strategy vo to dale by maintaining
awide network of global contacts within the
financial services industry. He regulary
attends conferences and ciscussion forums
to keep abreast of mdustry issues and meets
clients, employees, advisers and
institutional investors. He also advises on,
MBA strategy within the investment
management and wealth industry.

Ken has no other significant commitments
or aopemtments to other publicly
traded companies.

External
appointments

aiphatme.com

Luc Baqué
Chief Executive Officer

4

a
a

John Paton
Chief Financiai Officer

Luc was appointed as Chief Executive
Officer of Alpha on 1 Aprit 2023.

Luo attends meetings of the Audit and Risk,
SG, Nomination and Remuneration
Committees by invitation when appropriate.

Lue joined! Alpha in 2010 as Head of Asset

& Wealth Management Consulting - France
from 2010 to 2015, Head of Asset & Wealth
Management Congutting - Europe trom 2015
to 2020 and Global Head of Asset & Wealth
Management Consulting from 2020 unti his
appeintment as Chie’ Executive Officer of
the Group. Luc has over 20 years of experience
in the industry. Prior to joining Alpha, ne was
Head of Change Management at UBS Wealth
Management in Paris for five years, and
spent six years spacialising in financial
services with Solving International. @
slategy management cansultency.

Luc holds a Master's dagrae in Enginearing
from Ecole Centrale de Marseille anc completed
an Executive Program at the Stanford
University Graduate Schoo! of Business.

As Creef Executive Officer, Luc has to
understand and manage the interests of a
range of stakeholders, including employees,
clients, competitors and investors. Luc
mamtains strong incustry relationships,
which involves sharing of knowledge anc
perspective on currant themes and topics.

John joined Ainha as Chiet
In 2018.

John regularly attends the Aucit and Risk
Committee meetings by invitation. He Is also
invited to attend meetings of the ESG,
Nomination, and Remuneration Committees
by invitation when appropriate.

25 years! finance, banking, corporate finance
and accountancy practice experience. He
slarted his career al KPMG. working across
financial services audit, risk management,
financial reporting governance, risk and
internal controls, and systems implementations,
Jona joined Alpha from HSBC where he was
a Director in both the Global Banking & Markets
and Commerotal Banking divisions in London.
Over hig 11-year tenure at HSBC, ne advised
of a variety of M&A transactions and led loan
financings for UK corporates. Prior to this. he
focused on capital raisings, including AIM
(POs. Whie at Alpha, John has managed the
financial aspects of the acquisitions and
integrations of Axxsys and Obsidian Solutions
9 2019, Lionpoint sn 2624 and Shereiine in
May 2023.

He 1s a member of the Institute of Charterec)
Accountants of Scotland, graduated LLB
(Hons) from the University of Aberdeen and
holds an Executive MBA from the University
of Bristol and Ecole Nationale des Ponts et
Chaussées, France.

John’s role involves deep knowledge of the
Group's management. financial anc operational
activities. and important corporate and statutory
responsibilities, He also maintains a detailed
view of dustry, fhancial and regulatory changes
and stays updated through dialogue with
advisers, regular technical reading, online
Courses and attending relevant events.

None.

None.



===== page 71 =====
Committees membership key
2 Audit and Risk Committos
SEESG Committee

SL Nomination Committee

5 Remuneration Committee
mchair

ord

Penny Judd
Senior Independent
Non-Executive Director

vill May
Independent
Non-Executive Director

Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Maeve Byrne
independent
Non-Executive Director

Penny joined the Alpha Board as Senior
Independent Non-Executive Director in
February 2018.

Penny is Chair of the Remuneration
Committee anda member of the Audit and

Fisk, ESG and Normination Committees,

Penny has a strong public markets and
financial services packground, with over 30
years’ experience in compliance, regulation,
corporate finance ang audit and is a qualified
ehanered accountant. Prior to joining Alpha,
Penny hald the roles of Managing Director
and EMEA Head of Compliance at both,
Nomura Inteznational pic and UBS AG.

She was Non-Executive Chair of Olus500
Limited from 2016 to 2021

Penny rnaintains the skills to support and
deliver the Group's strategy through her
‘experience gained on ather listed! company
boards and has a wide network of contacts
in financial services and regulation. She
attends various conferences and events:
covering relevant industry and governance
matters, and regutarly mests with a range of
advisers and institutional mvastors In AIM
and main market companies,

Panny is currently Non-Executive Darector
‘and Chat of the Audit and Risk Committee
of Trutin pic and Team? Group ale and
Non-Executive Chair of RP Advisory Group
Pic. Penny 1s also Char of the AUcit ang Risk
Committes of Landinvest pic as at the date
of this report, but wil step down from this
sole with effect from the publicanon of
Lendinvest pie’s annua! results in July 2024

Lil jared the Alpha Board as a
Non-Executive Director in uly 2020,

Jill is Chair of the ESG Committee anda
member of the Audit and Risk, Nomination
and Remuneration Commmtess.

sil has over 20 years” experiance in
Investment banking, with her executive
ccaréer spent working in corperate finance
for $G Warburg & Go, Lid 1985-99) and
senior positions in group strategy at UBS,
where she was Managing Director trom,
2001 to 2012, Shs was a Panel Member
{2013-18 and a Non-Executive Director
(2013-18) of tha Competition and Markets
Authonty (°CMA"} and a Non-Executive
Director of the Institute of Chartered
Accountants in Englana and Wales
ICAEW") (2015-19).

Jill mamtains a wide network of contacts in
financial services and regulation. She attorvas
various conferences and pvents covering
relevant industry and ESG matters and stays
updated on ESG regulation and reporting
prattice developments.

sits curently an Exteral Member of
Prudential Regulation Cormmitee at the Bank,
of Engiand and a Non-Executive rector of
arn Property income Trust imited ana JF
Morgan Claverhouse Investment Trust pi, She
ssaiso an Aduser to the Strategy Committee of
James Habra ard Partners, and a Trustee of
Tusk. a chanly suaporting progressive
conservalon intistves across Arica,

Maeve joined the Alpha Board as a
Non-Executive Director on 16 May 2022,

Maeve Is Chair of the Audit and Ask
Committee and a mamber of the ESG,
Nomination ang Remuneration Committees.

Maeve is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered
Accountants in ireland and has over 30 years"
‘experiance in financial services. Sha started
her career as an auditor with KPMG Ireland
and worked in several other KPMG international
offices in Europe and North America, Within
KPMG. Maeve moved from audit to transaction
servines where she was a Financial Services
Partner from 2002 to 2014. From 2010 to
2013, she was seconded to Royal Bank of
Scotland and the Non-Core Division, where
‘she was Chiat Financial Officar and a member
of the Group Finance Board anc! Risk &
Contra! Committee. From 2014 t0 2017, she
hheld senior executive rales at the Royal Bank
of Scotland in Capital Resolutions Group and
Witkas & Glyo.

Since 2017, Maeve has focused on
transformation services, offering board
advisory services as an independent
consultant, She has worked with financial
services companes including Santander
and clients in the fintech/neobank space.

She maintains the sktis to support and deliver
the Group's strategy by attending events
covering relevant industry and governance
matters. parlicutarly in relation te her role as
Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee,

Magva has no significant commitments or
apporniments to other pubicly traded companies.

alphatme.com

a
g
3
3
3
3
o
2
3
A
Ey
2.



===== page 72 =====
68 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Des 3

The revised principles of the 2023 QCA Code apply to financial years beginning on or after 1 April 2024 and, in accordance with the
QCA's recommendation, the Board will disclose how it has applied the principles of the 2023 QCA Code in the FY 25 Annual Report

(it still relevant, in view of the Offer),

Section 1: Deliver growth Links to the following report section
Principle 1: The business model is premised upon delivering growth The Group's business model and strategy
Establish a strategy through the cross-sell and up-sell of its high-quality are described in the Strategic Report on
and business model service offering to existing clients and the sale of its pp 16-23.

that promote long-term —_sarvices to new clients.

ue t .
value for shareholders. 7... strategy is to continue growing in both existing and

new jurisdictions by developing the service proposition,
in seeking to implement its strategic aims, the Board
takes account of the expectations of the Group's
shareholder base in addition to its wider stakeholder
and social responsibllities.

Principle 2: Good, consistent engagement with sharetiokders is given The Group's approach to shareholder

Seek to understand a high priority by the Board. The principal methods of communications is described in the corporate
and meet shareholder communication with shareholders are through regular, governance report on pp 70-75.

needs and expectations. direct executive-level engagement at meetings and capital
markets events, the Annual Report and Accounts, the
interim anc full-year results announcements, the Annual
General Meeting (AGM”) and the Group's website,
alphafme.convinvestors

‘The Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial
Officer and the Company Secretary act as
the main points of contact for sharehoiders
{company.secretary@alphatmc.com},

During the year, the Chair of the Rernuneration
Committee offered to meet with major
shareholders in relation to the consultation
on the FY 26 Remuneration Policy.

The Chairman and Non-Executive Directors are available
to meet with shareholders, if required, to discuss any
items of importance,

Principle 3: The Board, supgorted by the executive team, is committed The Group's cammunity and corporate social

Take into account wider to operating a socially and ethically cesponsible company. responsibility disclosure is provided as part

stakeholder and social 7 of the sustainable business section on
Engagement with stakeholders and wicer communities

oe p. 45. A separate Sustainability Report is also
ensures alignment of interests and facilitates good published on the Group's website,

decision making.

responsibilities and
their implications for

jong-term success. "
$ The Group's engagement model with clients

and wider stakeholders is described in the
Strategic Report on pp 31-35.

Principle 4: The Board has overali responsibility for the Group's risk The Group's risk management framework
Embed effective risk management framework, including internal control and 's described in the Strategic Report
management, considering risk management systems. In executing this ro'e, it regulary on pp 52-56 and in the corporate

oth opportunities and considers and reviews the risks and opportunities facing governance report on pp 70-75.
threats, throughout the Alpha business.

the organisation.

The goal of the Board is to set policies that seek to reduce
‘ongoing risk as far as possible, without undully affecting
the Group's competitiveness and flexibility.

alphafme.com


===== page 73 =====
Section 2: Maintain a dynamic framework

Principle 5:

Maintain the Board as a
wallfunctioning, batanced
team led by the Chair.

Principle 6:
Engure that between
them, the Directors
have the necessary
up-to-date experience,
skills and capabilties.

Principle 7:

Evaluate Board
performance based on
clear and relevant
objectives, seeking
continuous
improvement.

Principle 8:
Promote a corporate
culture based on ethical
values and behaviours.

Principle 9:
Maintain governance
structures and processes
that are fit for purpose.
ang good decision
making by the Board.

‘The Group believes that the Board's composition

brings a desirable range of skills, personal qualities
and professional credentials. Suitable Board operations,
access to advice and adminisirative services, eifective
induction of new Directors and a regular performance
assessment also ensure Board effectiveness,

‘Alpha’s Board needs to represent a range of skills and
competencies as an AIM-quoted provider of specialist
consultancy services (0 the asset management, wealth
management and insurance industries. The Board
includes experience in public markets, financial services,
governance and audit, the consulting sector, and
Ousiness operations,

The Board’ 's 's objectives ar are eto approve the Group's strategy,
budgets and key corporate activities, and overses its
progress towards its goals. The Group has a process for
evaluating the performance of the Board, committees
and individual Directors in respect of those objectives.

“The Board recognises its role in fostering and safeguarding
a culture of inclusion, responsibility and openness. These
values are embedded throughout the Group's leadership
and organisation.

The Group operates an effective, streamlined governance
framework. In this framework, th Board supports the
executive team in developing and executing the Group's
strategy, and key decisions are reached through open and
constructive dialogue.

Section 3: Build trust

Principle 10:
Communicate how the
Company is governed,
and is performing by
Maintaining a dialogue
with shareholders and
other relevant stakeholders,

The Group places a great emphasis on high standards
of corporate governance and effective engagement with
its shareholders and stakeholders. In addition to the
Annual Report and Accounts, the website is updated
regularly with information regarding the Group's activities
and performance.

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 69

Links to the following report section

‘The Board's composition and operating
framework is described in the corporate
governance report on pp 70-75.

~ Biographical detals of the Directors, nctuding
relevant experiences and how skil sets are
kept up to date, are provided on pp 66-67
of the corporate gavernance report.

All Directors voluntarily offer themselves for
re-election by shareholders at each Annual
General Meeting.

"The Board's evaluation framework and
FY 24 evaiuation process are descrived
in the corporate governance report
on pp 70-75 and the Nomination
Committee report on pp 76-77.

The Group’ 's culture and values are
discussed in the looking after our people

section on pp 36-39.

‘The ESG strategy and roadmap is overseen
by the ESG Committee and details of its role
and activitias are included in the ESG
Committee report on pp 73-78.

The Group's Sustainability Report, which
can be found on the Aipha website at
alphafme.com/investors, also provides
supporting complementary information
on the Group's ESG activities.

A governance chart is provided on p. 74 and
processes are described on pp 72-73 of the
corporate governance report.

Links to the following report section

The governance of the Company. which
is ted by the Board, is descrived in the
corporate governance report on pp 70~75.

The website, alohafme.com/investors, provides
the Group's reports and presentations,
notices of AGM and resuits of voting on att
resolutions at AGMs.

alphatme.com

°
8
3
8
3
5
3
8
F|
=
2%.



===== page 74 =====
70 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate governance report

Board composition

The Board comprises six Directors: the independent Non-Executive
Chairman, three independent Non-Executive Directors and two
Executive Directors.

As a leading global provider of specialist consultancy services
19 the financial services industry and an A’M-quoted company,
Alpha requires a range of skils, capabilities and competencies
to be represented on the Board, including experience in public
markets, financial services, governance and audit, the consulting
sector and business operations. The Board is confident that its
members have the aporopriate balance of functional and sector
experience, skills, personal qualities and capabilities to provide
constructive support and challenge to the Executive Directors,
and to deliver the strategy of the Group for the benefit of the
shareholders over the medium to long term. The biographies

of the Directors, including a summary of their relevant skills

and experience can be found on pp 66-67.

The Board also recognises that, as the Group evolves, the mix
of skills and experience required on the Board may evolve and
the Board compasition will need to reflect those changes. The
Nomination Committee has responsibility for succession planning
for the Board, its committees and senior management.

A rigorous Board performance evaluation for FY 24 was undertaken
during March and April 2024. The evaiuation was conducted
using a recognised online platform and was followed by an
in-person review of the output by the Nominaticn Committee.

The results of Board performance evaluations are used to inform
the Croue’s succession plans aru ay Buard development needs.
Further details of the FY 24 Board evaluation raview, including the
scope of the review and key findings, can be found on p. 77.

Roles of the Directors

The Group operates an effective, aporopriate governance
framework, The Board has collective and ultimate responsibility
for establishing a strategy and business model that promotes
long-term value for shareholders, The Board is supported by the
Group's executive team, fed by the Chief Executive Officer,

in developing and executing the Group's strategy.

The Executive Directors have strong knowledge of the operations
of the Group, the interests of ils stakeholders, and its market and
financial positions, Senior executives below Board level altend
Board meetings upon request to present and discuss business
strategy and updates.

The Executive Directors that served on the Board throughout the
year were Luc Baqué, as Chief Executive Officer, and Jahn Paton,
the Chief Financial Officer. Luc Baqué was appointed as Chief
Executive Officer on 1 April 2028, following a structured transition
from Euan Fraser, the outgoing Chief Executive Officer. To maximise
continuity, Euan Fraser undertook a part-time role as Strategic
Adviser to the Board between 1 April 2023 and 9 January 2024.

alphafmc.com

The independent Non-Executive Directors of the Board are
Ken Fry, Panny Judd, Jill May and Maeve Byrne. They were
selected with the objective of increasing the breadth of skills
and experience of the Board, bringing constructive and
independent challenge to the Executive Directors and
monitoring their performance. The Non-Executive Directors
are also responsible for the effective running of the Board's
committees and ensuring that the committees support and
facilitate the strategic priorities of the Board.

Penny Judd is the Senior Independent Non-Executive Director
(°SID"), The principal role of the SID is to act as a sounding beard
for the Chairman and to serve as an intermediary for the other
Directors when necessary. Penny is also available to shareholders
should they wish to discuss concerns that they feel have net been
resolved through the normal channels of engagement with the
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer or Executive Directors, or for
which such contact is inappropriate.

At the head of the Group, there is a clear delineation of responsibiities
between the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer.
The Non-Executive Chairman leads the Board and is responsiole
for its governance, performance and effectiveness. This includes
ensuring that the dynamics of the Board are functional and
productive and that no individual Director dominates discussion
or decision making, In this role, the Chairman sets the tone for the
Company and ensures that the links between the Board and the
executive team, as well as between the Board and the shareholders,
are strong and effective. Meanwhile, tne Chief Executive Officer is
responsible fer the day-to-day management of the Group's global
operations, for proposing the strategic olan and focuses to the
Board, and for implementing the strategic goals agreed by the Board.

Independent

Board of Directors Ken Fry
Non-Executive
Responsible for establishing Charman
the Company's strategic
direction and overseaing
a robust framework
of governance.
Executive Directors Luc Baqué Chief Executive:
Officer
Responsible for day-to-day
management of the - a —
Company's business John Paton Chief Financial
operations and delivery Officer
‘of Group strategy,
Non-Executive Penny Juda Beri Independent
. ion-Executive
Directors Director
Responsible for providing - a —-
independent challenge to, Jill May Independent
and oversight of the Non-Executive
performance of, the Director
Executive Directors. Maave Byrne independent
Non-Executive
Director



===== page 75 =====
Board independence

The Board considers an independent Non-Executive Director to
be free from any relationship that might materially intertere with
the exercise of independent judgement.

The Non-Executive Directors are consideréd to be independent
and therefore the Beard is compliant with the OCA Code on the
topic of Director independence. Ail Directors are encouraged and
expected to use their independent judgement and to challenge all
matters, whether strategic or operational

Appointments to the Board and re-election

The Board has delegated to the Nomination Committee the task at
reviewing Board composition, searching for appropriate candidates
and making recommendations to the Board an candidates to be
appointed to the Board. Decisions regarding the appointment and
removal of Ditectors are reserved for the full Board. Further details
are set outin the Nomination Committee report on pp 76-77.

Under the Company's Articles of Association, the Directors

have the power to appoint new Directors during the year, but
any person appointed by the Board since the last Annual General
Meeting is obliged to retire and offer themselves tor re-election
Furthermore, in accordance with recommended best practice,
ali Directors intend to offer themselves for re-election at the 2024
AGM (if held). The Board considers that each of the Directors
offering themselves for re-election makes a valuable contribution
to the Board and demonstrates commitment to the Group.

Diversity

The Board values diversity in its broadest sense and is committed
to creating an inclusive culture, ‘res from discrimination of any kind.
When assessing new Director appointments, the Nomination
Committee considers the benefits of diversity for better decision
making and diversity of thought, in addition to looking at how to
maintain within the Boerd the appropriate balance of skills,
independence and knowledge of the Company, its services and
the industry as @ whole, Recognising the benefits that diversity
can bring to all areas of the Group and noting the recommendations
in the reports of the Hampton-Alexander review and the FTSE
‘Women Leaders review’, women currently represent 50% of
Alpha’s Board, including the role of Senior independent Director.

The Group has a comprehensive Diversity & Inclusion programme.
which was first established in 2015 and which has evolved
steadily year on year. Diversity & Inclusion initiatives are run
voluntanly by members of the global Consulting team. supported
ty the Group Responsible Business function, and overseen by
the ESG Committee. Aipha is committed to a positive policy of
promoting equality of opportunity and diversity, providing an
inclusive environmant, and eliminating any unfair or unlawiul
discrimination, which applies to aii offices, all business areas
and all levels from graduate to the Chiet Executive Officer.

25 Raters
Hareptor

rng Har pton-Alexander -8y ew and F7SE Womer Leaders ravesy UK 05 ineteasing the number 21 omen on boards ard. se
2 roiizer was PUSIGNAD in Februat'y 2021. the laiest revert othe! TSE Wamen Leaders raae was pub! Shad Fe

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 ral

in order to consider the effectiveness and priorities of the Diversity
& Inclusion programme, the ESG Committee receives regular
updates on the programme, The Group has a Social Responsibility
Lead who, working alongside senior business leads, helps ensure
that Aipha's governance, recruitment and internal processes are
managed and evolving appropriately to deliver a sufficiently
diverse group of candidates, hires and employees.

The Board is committed to supporting tangible actions that wilt
support diversity across the entire Group, and in April 2024 the
Group publicly communicated its first Group-wide diversity
ambition. This is fer 25% of the global director team to be
women er nonbinary in five years" time.

[Di Peas more about the Diversity & Inclusion progremme and policy
within our Sustainability Report

Board statistics

Gender
@Mae-3
Female -3

Role

Independent Non-Executive
Chairman —1

Independent Non-Executwe
Drectors = 3

Executive Directors ~ 2

Length of tenure

-1 years =1

I-3 years -1
83-5 years -1
“10 years- 3

104 years -0

me

2 final eepart ot “he

alphatme.carm

9
g
3
H
g
5
3
3
3
3
8
2



===== page 76 =====
72

Annual Report & Accounts 2024

How the Board operates

The Board is responsible for the Group's strategy
and overall management, The operation of the
Board is documented in a format schedule of
matters reserved for its approval, which sets out
the Board's responsibilities.

The Board is required to meet at least six times a
year. During the financial year, nine Board meatings
took place. Five of these meetings were held in
person and four of these were held via video
conference facility. A number of ac hoc calls

and Board committee meetings were also held
to discuss topical or time sensitive matters, to
approve financial results announcements and
trading updates, or to implement decisions taken
by the Board as a whole under delegated authorities.
The Board also held dedicated strategy sessions
with input from senior management in Aprit and
September 2023, in iine with the schedule of
annual Board activity.

The Directors seek to attend all meetings of the
Board and the committees on which they sit and
ensure that they allocate sufficient time to the
Group as is needed to enable them to carry out
their responsibilities as Directors.

The time commitment required of all Non-Executive
Directors is currently three days per month, which
ig set out in their letters of appnintment. During
the year, the Board reviewed the time commitment
of the Non-Executive Directors and is satisfied
that each of the Directors dedicates sufficient time
to the Group's business.

The Board and committee schedules are planned
in advance of the financial year ahead, in order to
‘aclitate attendance and ensure that the appropriate
discussion time is available. The number of meetings
of the Board held during FY 24, and the attendance
by each Board member are provided below:

The Board has an agenda of regular business, financial and operational matters
for discussion, as well as a review of each of the Board committees’ areas of work.
The key activities of the Board meetings during the year included the following:

Strategic

Perfarmance

Governance
and risk

Discussed the strategy and reviewed the progress of
strategic priorities.

Discussed the Group’s capital structure and
financial strategy.

Considered and approved the acquisition of Shoreline.

Reviewed and discussed the Group's acquisition
strategy and potential acquisition targets.

Received presentations from members of the senior
management team, covering key regions and business areas

‘Approved the financial reporting, including interim ana
full-year results.

Reviowed the dividend policy and approved a final
dividend of 10.50p per share in relation to the year
ended 31 March 2028.

Considered and declared an interim dividend of 3.709
per share for FY 24.

Under the supervision of the Audit and Risk Committee,
reviewed and updated financial and non-financial policies,
including the risk policy and the whistieblowing policy,
and reviewed and agreed updates to the Group's risk
policy and risk management framework, including the
principal risks,

Under the supervision of the ESG Committee,
reviewed and approved the ESG roadmap.

Discussed and monitored the regulatory and
compliance lanciscape and reviewed corporate
governance requirements and processes, including
reviewing the 2023 QCA Corporate Governance Code.

Under the supervision of the Remuneration Committee,
reviewed the existing Remuneration Policy and agreed
updates to this, to take offect from 1 April 2024.

Appointed the Group's frst in-house Company Secretary.

Boardmember attend Attendance
Ken Fry (Chairman) 9 9
lucbaué == ti(“‘é‘zx CD
Maeve Byrne er
Penny Judd ry
sill May : 8
John Paton os 9

+ Ad hoc masting held by video conferencing facitty, wien Jl May
‘26 unable to attend due 19 pre-existing arrangements.

alphafme.com

Stakeholders

‘Continued an open dialogue with the invastor community.

Reviewed the progress of key client relationships and
engagements across the Group.

Reviewed the actions taken by senior management to
review and support employee retention and wellbeing.

The Chairman, aided by the Company Secretary, is responsible for ensuring that
the Directors receive accurate and timely information for the Board meeting.
Board packs are circulated at least four business days prior to the meeting.

The Company Secretary provides minutes of each meeting and every Director is
aware of the right to have any concerns documented. In addition, the Company
Secretary ensures that any feedback or suggestions for improvement of the
Board papers are documented and evaluated for amendment or enhancement
with respect to future mneetings of the Board.


===== page 77 =====
Committees of the Board

‘The Board has in piace Audit and Risk, Remuneration,
Nomination and ESG Committees, each with delegated
responsibilities and duties set out formally within terms of
reference, The terms of reference for the individual committees.
are reviewed regularly and approved by the Board

From time to time, separate ad hac committees may be set up by
the Board to consider and address specific issues or objectives,
when the noed arises,

Audit and Risk Committee

Responsible for monitoring the intagrity of he Company's
financial statements and overseeing the effectiveness of the
Company's systems of risk management and internal cantral.
The Audit and Risk Committe report can be found on

ep 80-83,

Nomination Committee

Responsible for the structure, size, composition, effectiveness
and succession planning of the Board. Further information can
0e found on pp 76-77.

Remuneration Committee

Responsible for setting fixed and variadle Executive Director
ramuneration and monitoring senior management remuneration
levels. Further information can be found on pp 84-94.

ESG Committee

Responsible for the development and implernentation of the
Group's ESG strategy. The ESG Committee report is included
on pp 78-79. Further information about the Group's ESG
priorities, efforts and progress can be found in the sustainable
‘ousiness section on pp 40-47.

The structure and operation of the Board's committees were
considered by the Board as part of the FY 24 Board evaluation.
The Board concluded that the composition of each committee
remained appropriate, and that each committee was operating
effectively. This year saw the first full year of operation for the
ESG Committee and the publication of the Group's first ESG
Committee report and its first Sustainability Report. Further
information about the key areas of activity and focus of this
Committee can d¢ found on pp 78-79,

Annual Report & Accounts 202473

External advisers

‘The Board members may seek the advice of the Group's legal
advisers, corporate brokers, external auditor and the Nominated
‘Adviser (NOMAD) on matters within the Board or the committees’
terms of reference, or to abtain recommendations on specific
corporate or governance events. During the year the Board also
appointed Grant Thornton ta conduct internal audit services

(see p. 81 for details} and the Remuneration Committee appointed
h2glenfer to provide advice on remuneration matters [see p. 93
for detaita).

Investec is the Group's NOMAD, as well as its joint broker
alongside Berenberg. The Directors have direct access to
the advice and services of an in-house Company Secretary.

Development, information and support

‘The Company Secretary ensures that all Directors are kept
abreast of changes in relevant legislation and regulations, with
the assistance of the Group's other advisers where appropriate.
Executive Directors are subject to a performance review and
davelopment process through which their performance against
predetermined objectives is reviewed and their personal and
professional development needs are considered. Non-Executive
Directors are encouraged to raise any personal development or
training needs with the Chairman or Company Secretary, During
the year, training undertaken by the Board included refresher
training trom the Company's NOMAD on the obligations on
AlM-quoted companies, and training on pertinent ESG matters,
including diversity and inclusion.

Board effectiveness

The objectives of the Board are to review, formulate and approve
the Group's stratagy, to review, discuss anc agree budgets and
kay corporate activities, and to oversee the Group's progress
towards its goals. The Group has a structured process for evaluating
the performance and effectiveness of the Board, its commitioas
and the Directors individually in respect of these objectives. In
addition, the Chairman assesses the Board as a whole regularly
fo ensure that it is functioning efficiently and productively.

A jormal Board evaluation process wes undertaken during March
2024 and April 2024 in respect of FY 24, with oversight from the
Nomination Committee. A variety of approaches were considered
for the FY 24 evaluation, including enhancing the existing internally-ledt
process and the engagement of an external Board evaluator,
Following caretul consideration, the decision was taken to
introduce an online board evaluation platform, “BoardClic", to
enhance the process, Details of the FY 24 Board evaluation
including the areas covered by the review and the key findings,
are detailed in the Nomination Committee report on p. 77.

alphatme.com

°
g
3
H
Fy
3
?
a
i



===== page 78 =====
74

Board structure

Chairman of the Board
Leadership of the Scard

Reviews perlormance of the Board Directors =» —

Ensures appropriate and
effective corporate governance

Group Coordination Group Executive

Committee Committee
Management of Monitors and addresses
business operations _strategic direction of the
Group's business
Coardination of P

commercial activities Execution of strategy and

proposes any changes to

Annuai Report & Accounts 2024

Alpha Board
Agrees Group strategy

Oversees progress towards strategic goals

‘Shareholder and stakeholder engagement

Key

@ Execute

$8 Audit and Risk Commitice
GESG Committee

48 Nomination Committee
#3 Remuneration Committee

Audit and Risk
Committee
Ensures effective
systems of internal
ontal and risk
management

Oversees the Group's

Environment,
Social and
Governance
Committee
Oversees development of
the £8G strategy and
agroes associated targets

Reviews imalementation
and progress of
the strategy

Ensures appropriate
ESG priorities within

Nomination
Committee

Remuneration
Committee
Reviews Board
compasiton and
balance of skills

Agrees remuneration
policies for the Exeeutive
Directors and members

of senior management

Leads the process for

Board appointments Ensures operation of

transparent, simple
and effective

incentive schemes,

Ensures snoropriate
succession planning

Considers alignment of
reward with long-term

Maintains Group the strategy financial reporting
governance structure

Monitors coordination, Appoints and oversees
cross-seling andthe relationship with the

tfective decision-making external auditor and

across the Group oversees the internal

Dusiness mode! aucit process
Global Head,

Officer

7

Chief Executive
l Lionpoint
|

Chief Financiat
Officer

Conflicts of interest

The Company has effective procedures in place to identify,
monitor and manage any conflicts of interest. At each meeting of
the Board or its cornmitiees, the Directors are required to declare
any interests in the matters to be discussed and are regularly
reminded of their duty to notify any actual or potential conflicts of
interest. The Company's Articles provide for the Board to authorise
any actual or potential conflicts of interest if deemed appropriate
toda so.

alphatme.com

Group Managing
Director

Alpha’s governance anc shareholder value
business model
: |
: i
Global Head, : Global Head,
Insurance
H Consulting

Global Head,
Asset & Wealth
Management
Consulting

Internal controls and risk management

The Board has overall accountability for the systems of internal
control and risk management. The Audit and Risk Committee
reviews and assures the effectiveness of the Group's internal
controls and risk management on the Boara’s beha'f,

As part of that duty, the Board determines the Group's risk
management appetite and policies. In this respect, the objective
of the Board is to set policies that seek to reduce ongoing risk as
far as possible, without unduly affecting the Group's competitiveness
and flexibility. The Board believes that this approach serves the
interests of creating sustainable shareholder value while also
protecting the Group's corporate culture and other

stakeholder interests.


===== page 79 =====
Engagement calendar FY 24

Aprit 2023 dune 2023 September 2023
Pre-close Full-year results Private alient broker
investor virtual roadshow, and shareholder
meetings UK and Europe meetings, UK
- @ ce @ -
Aprit 2023 September 2023
Pre-close Annual General
trading update Meeting

‘The operational functions of the Group are carried out within a
practical and effective risk management framework. The Group
Coordination Committee has executive responsibilty for identifying
and managing risk effectively across the business. Any material
operational decisions made by the Group Coordination Committee
in this respect are reviewed by the Board.

The identified material operational, industry and market, financiat,
environmental and social, and commercial and legal risks facing
the Group are also reported to the Board. A summary of the
principal risks and uncertainties, as well as mitigating actions,

are provided in the Principal Risks section of the Strategic Report.
The Board formally reviews, agrees and documents the principal
risks to the business at least annuaily.

Alpha has a full-time Group Head of Risk & Responsible Business
who oversees Aloha’s risk framework and processes. During the
year, the Audit and Risk Committee reviewed the Group's risk
Bolicy along with the risk framework and internal controls, and
subject to certain updates, it was agreed that they were appropriate
for the operating context and business model. The Group's risk
management processes and any opportunities to introduce
further enhancements are regularly reviewed and changes are
implemented as appropriate.

Shareholder communications

The Board places great emphasis on maintaining an effective
dialogue with shareholders, which it considers to be integral to
long-term growth and success. It is committed to communicatiig
consistently and openly with shareholders.

The orincipal methods of communication are the Annual Report
and Accounts, the interim and ful-year results announcements,
the AGM and the Group's investor website, alohaime.convinvestors.
‘The website is updated regularly with information regarding the
Group's governance, activities and performance, including both
statutory and non-statutory regulatory news announcements,
which are issued througheut the year to update on financial
operational and other matters.

‘The Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer mest with
the representatives of the Group's institutional investors as well
a8 investment analysts to ensure that the Group's corporate
objectives, strategies and operationa! developments are clear
and understood.

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 75

October 2023 March 2024

Pre-close Traging update
investor
meetings
October 2023 November 2023 March-April 2024
Pre-close intern results Investor conference
trading update virtual roadshow, cats, UK and Europe
UK and Europs

Jn-person and virtual invastor roadshows are held following the
announcement of the final and interim results, attended by the
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and there are
also ad hoc investor meetings that are part of the building of
relationships with existing and future shareholders. Details of
investor relations activity and a review of the shareholder register
are Shared with the Board on a regular besis during the year.

Understanding what analysts and investors think about the Group
is an equally important component of these interactions. The Board
as a whole is kept informed of their feedback and views oy the
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. This includes
information provided by the Group's joint corporate orokers, Berenberg
and Investec, following investor meetings. The Chairman and
Non-Executive Directors are also availaole to meet with shareholders,
if required, to discuss any items of importance.

The Board will aiso engage directly with major shareholders on
certain strategic matters where this is accepted good practice.
For example, during Apri 2024 a consultation with major sharenoldiars
was undertaken in relation to the Group's FY 25 executive
remuneration arrangements and updates to the Remuneration
Policy. Further details can be found on p. 86.

Annual General Meeting

On 20 June 2024, the Board announced a recommended cash
offer to acquire Alpha by Actium Bidco (UK) Limited, a newly
incorporated indirect subsidiary of certain ‘unds managed by
Bridgeooint Advisers Limited. Further details can be found on
». 64 and on the Company's website. If this Offer is completed,
it is expected that the Group will be re-registered as a private
comary, in which case it may no longer be necessary for the
Company to hold a 2024 AGM, depending on the timing of that
re-registration. A further update will be provided to shareholders
in due course.

By order of the Board.
Ken Fry
Char-sar

alphatme com

ey
g
3
8
Fy
é
2
a
a
i



===== page 80 =====
76 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

FORRES

Nomination Committee report

Membership

Jill May

Maeve Byrne

Penny Judd

Key actions from FY 24
Enhanced the existing Board evaluation process.

Ensured a smocth transition and induction for the
Chief Executive Officer.

— Reviewed succession plans for the Board and
senior management,
Priorities for FY 25

— Prograss actions identified from the FY 24 Board
evaluation process.

— Consider any training and development needs for
Board members.

— Further review succession pians for the Board and sentor
management to ensure that these remain up to date

- Undertake succession planning for the Chair, who will
have served on the Board far ning years in 2025.

On behalf of the Board, | am pleased to present the Nomination
Committee's report for the year ended 31 March 2024.

Committee composition and governance

The Committee is composed wholly of independent Non-Executive
Directors. It is chaired by the Chairman of the Board, Ken Fry,
and its other members are Penny Judd, Jill May and Maeve
Byrne. All members served throughout the year.

The Nomination Committee meets as and when necessary, but
af least twice a year. The Nomination Committee met formally
twice during FY 24 and all members of the Committee attended
both meetings.

In the event that the matter under discussion zelates to the Chairman's
re-appointment or succession, the Committee is chaired by an
independent Non-Executive Director, The Group's Company
Secretary attends each meeting, and the Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer are invited te join meetings as appropriate.

Key responsibilities

The Committee's main duties are set out in its terms of reference,
which are reviewed annually and are available on the Company's
investor website (alphafme.com/investors/board-committees},

alphatme.com

Ken Fry

Chair of the
Nomination
Committee

The purpose of the Committee is to keep under review the
structure, size and composition of the Board, as well as
succession planning for the Directors. it leads the process
for identifying and nominating, for approval by the Board,
candidates to fill Board and committee vacancies

The Committee follows @ robust process for recommending
appointments and re- appointments to the Board. Its primary
responsibilities in this area include:

- Regularly reviewing the structure, size and composition of
the Board to ensure that it has an appropriate balance of
skills, Independence, knowledge, experience and diversity:

Considering succession planning ‘or the Board Directors and
senior executives, taking into account the challenges and
opportunities facing the Company and wider Group, along
with skills and expertise that may be required in the future:

Identifying ane nominating for approval by the Board
candidates to fill Board vacancies as and when they arise:

-- Ensuring that the necessary due diligence and conflicts of
interest checks nave been undertaken before an appointment
is made;

Monitoring whether satisfactory induction is provided to new
Directors to develop their knawlecige of the Group, and their
Board and committee responsibilities; and

Reviewing the results of the Board evaluation arocess and
ensuring that the conclusions are captured and actioned
where necessary.

Activities during the year
Chief Executive Officer appointment and transition

Qn 1 April 2023, following the completion of a handover process
from Euan Fraser, Luc Baqué was appointed as Chief Executive
Officer. Between this date and 9 January 2024, Euan Fraser
undertook a part-time role as Strategic Adviser to the Board.
During this time, Euan was invited to attend Board and certain
committee meetings in an advisory capacity. This arrangement
enabled the Board to continue to benefit from Euan’s extensive
knowledge of the Group's history and client base during this
transitional period. The Board is grateful for Euan’s contribution
during tne year.


===== page 81 =====
Board induction and training

During the year, Luc Baqué completed a thorough induction
programme, which included receiving coaching fram the cutgcing
Chief Executive Officer, time spent with the Non-Executive Directors
‘on a one-to-one basis, and training in investor relations. in April
2023, a Soard training session was delivered by the Company's
NOMAD, investec, which covered the responsibilities of directors
ct AIM-quoted companies, including relevant legai and regulatory
obligations. This formed part of Luc Baqué’s induction eragramme
and served as a refresher for all Board members. Subsequent to
the year and, the whole Board has also undertaken training on
relevant ESG-related matters, including diversity and inclusion,

Succession planning

Akey role of the Committee is to ensure that the Group has
appropriate succession planning in place, and this is reviewed by
the Committes each year. During the year, the Committee reviewed
and aperoved contingency and succession plans for each member
of the Board. Succession plans for the Executive Directors are
considered over three timescales: j} immediately in the event of an
unexpected event such as illness: i) three years" time; and iil five
years’ time. The Committee's succession considerations during
FY 24 included a refresh of succession plans for Luc Baqué
following his appointment to the Board on 4 Apri! 2023.

By 2025, | will have served on the Board as Chair for nine years
and, as such, | will no longer be considered dependent under
generally accepted UK corporate governance standards.
Therefore, the Committee is actively considering succession
planning for my role.

Renewal of appointment letter

‘The Committee has considered the renewal af Penny Jucd’s
appointment, which is due to expire at the 2024 AGM. The Comittee
recommended to the Board that Penny's appointment be renewed
for a further three-year term from the conclusion of the 2024 AGM
(if heid), subject to annual re-election by snarsholders.

Board evatuation

As part of the Board's commitment to maintaining a strong corporate
governance framework, the Committee reviews the approacn to,
and results of, the Board's periormance evaluation process.

During the year, the Nomination Committee sought to enhance

the current internal Board! performance evaluation process. This
was done in order to increase the thoroughness and objectivity

of the process, in jine with the recornmendations outlined in the
2023 QCA Code on board performance evaluation,

After careful consideration, the decision was made to use 2
thorough online board evaluation platform, "BoardGiic”, 10 undertake
the review. The evaluation process covered key areas, including
purpose and strategy; Board agenda and meetings; talent and
culture: Board composition and dynamics: effectiveness of the
Chair, information. reporting and risk management; and
effectiveness of the Board committees

A detailed report, which inckided qualitative responses and
benchmarking against other respondent companies, was
subsequently provided to the Nomination Committee. Following
a detailed discussion, it was agreed that the Chair, the Board,
its committees and its governance framework continued to operate
effectively, No significant areas of concern were identified from

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 7

the review process, A number of actions were, however, agreed in
response to the findings:

Further improvements to be made to certain regular Board reports
to ensure they are easily digestible and focus on key matters;

— Board and committee agenda considerations, including the
addition of regular updates on the market and competitor
dynamics by the Chief Executive Officer and the Compary’s
brokers, and the potential use of virtual meetings for certain
committee meatings; anct

Additional succession planning considerations, including those
relating to the Non-Executive Directors.

The Nomination Committee intends to retain the internal
methodology for future Board evaluations, but will also consider
the periodic use of an extemal evaluator to supplament this,
process, as recommended by the 2023 QCA Cade,

Diversity
In executing its duties, the Nomination Committes objectively
considers candidates on merit and with due regard for the benefits
of diversity, including gender and ethnic diversity, on the Board.

Alpha is an equat opportunities employer and the Group's policy is
to ensure that all employees, or those seeking employment, aré
treated fairly. This policy applies at Board: level and across the Group.
All decisions relating to recruitment. selection ana promotion are
made objectively regardless of race, ethnicity, nationality, gender’
gender identity, sexual orientation, religtous belief. political opinion,
age, disability and educational or soc’seconomic background.

The Board exceeds the gender diversity target set by the
Hampton-Alexander review and the FTSE Women Leaders Review
2022, with women representing 50% of the Board, Fhe Group is also
committed to increasing the gender diversity of its senior management
over time and has publicly communicated a target in relation to
this. Details of this target and how the Group intends to achieve
this can be found on p, 44. The Group will also continue to
moniter emerging regulations or guidelines in relation to other
aspects of the Board's diversity.

While thera are no current plans to appoint any additional Board
members, when considering any fulure appomtments to the Board,
the Nomination Committee will consider the diversity of the Board
a8 a whole, including socio-economic backgrounds, nationality,
educational attainment, gender. ethnicity and age, and the need
to avoid any risk of *group-think’.

The E8SG Committee's remit includes oversight of the Group's
Diversity & Inclusion strategy, policies and initiatives. Further
information about Alpha’s Diversity & inclusion programme, including
Alpha's Disability Confident accreditation. is provided in both the
Looking After Our Peopie and the Sustainable Business sections
of the Annual Report and in the Group's Sustainability Report

atphafme.cam

9
g
3
g
Fy
5
2
i
A,



===== page 82 =====
78 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

ESG Committee report

Membership
Jill May (Chait)

Maeve Byme

Penny Juda
Key actions from FY 24
— Agreed the ESG Roadmap and priorities for FY 24.

— Reviewed and approved the Group's first
Sustainability Report.

~ Approved the Group's first TCFD report.

~ Introduced ESG training at Board ‘evel,

Priorities for FY 25

— Refine the path to net zero and targets to achieve this.

— Monitor progress against diversity ambitions.

— Monitoring and ensuring compliance with all relevant
regulations, including CFD, and assessing alignment with
best practice for a company of Alpha's size and sector.

On behalf of the Board, | am delighted to present tne Group's.

first ESG Committee report for the year ended 31 March 2024.
The ESG Committee was established in 2023 and held its first
meeting in April 2023,

During the last 12 months, the Group undertook a materiality
assessment to inform and shape its ESG roadmap. A number

of key milestones on the roadmap have already been achieved,
including agreeing the Group's first public gender diversity target
and the publication of aur first TCFO report (see pp 48-51).

Committee composition and governance

The ESG Committee is composed whally of independent
Non-Executive Directors. I chair the Committea, and its
other members are Ken Fry, Penny Judd and Maeve Byrne

The ESG Committee meets as and when necessary, but at least
twice a year. The Committee met three times during FY 24, with
all Committee members attending each meeting. The Group's
Company Secretary attends every meeting of the Committee.
The Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Executive Officer attend
meetings at the request of the Committee Chair. Both Executive

Directors attended each meeting held in FY 24. The Group's Head

of Risk and the Group's Managing Director are also invited to
attend these meetings.

alphatme.com

Jill May
Chair of the
ESG Committee

Key responsibilities
The Committee's purgose is to oversee the development of the
Group's ESG strategy and review the Group's performance
against this strategy.

The key responsibilities of the Committee include the following:

— Oversee the development and implementation of the Group's
ESG strategy, including priorities, objectives and strategic goals,

— Identify and use relevant KPIs and targets te monitor the
progress of the Group in its ESG strategy:

— Oversee the establishment of, anc review regularly, relevant
ESG-related policies and codes of practice to ensure they
rernain effective, compliant with regulatory requirements,
including applicable principles of corporate governance and
consistent with industry practice;

- Consider ESG risks in connection with the Group's operations;

Review current and emerging ESG trends to icientify how these
are likely to impact the strategy, operations and reputation of
the Group and ensure the Group's ESG strategy and policies
remain appropriate and well positioned; and

Review the quality and integrity of external reporting of ESG
matters and performance, including the Sustainability Report
and relevant sections of the Annual Report.


===== page 83 =====
Activities during the year
Key activities undertaken oy the ESG Committee during the year
included the following:

Agreed the ESG priorities for the Group, following a rigorous
materiality assessment process;

~ Reviewed and approved the Group's ESG strategy and roadmap:

Reviewed and appraved the Group's inaugural
Sustainability Report,

Approved the Group's first diversity target that 25% of the
senior director level employees will be women or nonbinary
in five years’ timer

Reviewed the results of the Group's first publicly disclosed UK
Gender Pay Gap report;

Reviewed and approved the Group's first TCFD report;

Considered appropriate ESG-related objectives for the
purposes of variable remuneration golicy:

Intraduced online ESG training for all Board members; and

Considered appropriate action to support the Group's path
to net zero and adherence to the UN Global Compact.

Priorities for the year ahead

During FY 26, the ESG Committee will continue to provide
independent Board-level oversight of the development and
delivery of the Group’s strategic ESG tramework and ambitions.
There are also some priorities that the Committee will devote
specific attention to, as follows:

Carbon reduction strategy:
Much groundwork has already been undertaken in relation to
the Group's commitment to achieve net zero by 2050. In FY 25,
the Group will agree the baseline from which to measure carbon
emissions and publish its net zero ambition and roadmap to
achieve carbon neutrality — considering new Scope 3 emissions
categories and further enhancing data collection and analysis.
The Committee looks forward to sharing this next phase of its
garbon reduction strategy.

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 79

TCFD reporting:
The Committee will consider the recommendations of the Group
Responsible Business team in relation to he Group's FY 25 TCFD
report and ensure that future iterations of this report remain in line
with best ractice for 2 compary of Alpha’s size and sactor.

Progress against diversity targets and ambitions:

The Responsible Business team wil regutarly update the
Committee on the Group’s progress against its agreed upan
Giversity ambitions globally. in particular, the Committee will
closely review progress against the Group's publicly stated
gender diversity target, as described above, The Group is
committed to providing transparent reporting on its progress
ang any need for additional actions.

Improvements to policies and transparency:

The Committee will provide oversight and support in relation

to the further enhancement of the Group's ESG policies and
disclosures in the coming months, including how key information
is made available fo stakeholders, including employees, clients
and investors.

As Chair of the ESG Committee, | am very much looking forward
to working with the wider Alpha business to drive forward the:
Group's ESG priorities and commitments in FY 25 and to be able
to share juture updates on this progress with our various stakeholders.

alphasme.com

°
g
3
3
e
a
°
2
i



===== page 84 =====
80 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Audit and Risk Committee report

Ken Fry

Penny Judd

Jill May

Key actions from FY 24

— Reviewed, updated and signed off the Group's risk policy
and risk management framework,

- Reviewed and updated the Group's whistleblowing poticy.
Engaged an internal audil fern and agreed to their initial scope.
Priorities for FY 25
(Oversee the new internal audit process.

~ Plan for the FY 25 aucit, including the rotation of the
external audit partner.

— Ensure that risk management arrangements are updated
in response to any new or omerging risks or changes to
the Group's principal risks.

On behalf of the Board, | am please to present the Aucit and
Risk Committee report for the year ended 31 March 2024.

Committee composition and governance

The Audit and Risk Committes is composed wholly of independent
Non-Executive Directors. | chair the Committee and its othor
members are Ken Fry, Penny Judd and vill May. Information on
the Committee members’ skills and experience is provided in the
Board of Directors section on pp 66-67.

The Audit and Risk Committee meets as and when necessary,
but at least three times a year. The Committee met three times
during FY 24, with all members attending every meeting

The Chief Financia! Officer and the Chief Executive Officer attend
meetings at the request of the Committee Chair to facilitate discussion
of the financial statements and systems of financial control and

risk management. Both Directors joined each meeting held in FY 24.

atphatme.com

Maeve Byrne
Char of the
Audit and Risk
Committee

The Group's Company Secretary attends every Committee
meeting, as do the lead audit partner and team members from
the Group's external auditor, KPMG LLP. Members of the Group’s
Fisk team and senior management are also invited to attend
Committee meetings as appropriate.

Atleast once a year, the Committee meets with the auditor
without the presence of any Executive Director to discuss
independently the auditor's remit and any other issues arising
from the audit; they met in this manner once during the year.

Key responsibilities

‘The purpose of the Audit and Risk Committee is to oversee the
Group's internal financial controls and risk management systems,
to recommend the interim and full-year financial results to the
Board, and to monitor the integrity of all formal reporis and
announcements relating to the Company's financial performance.
In addition, the Committee is responsibie for appointing the
external auditor of the Group, maintaining that relationship and
reporting the findings and recommendations of the axternat
auditor to the Board

The Committee's main duties are set out in its tarme of reference,
which are reviewed annually and available on the Company's
investor website {alphatme.convinvestors/board-committees}.

The Committee's key responsibilitics include the following:

Monitoring the integrity of the Group's financial statements,
including the full-year and interim reports, other significant
announcements relating to financial performance, and
reviewing any significant reporting issues and judgements;

Advising on the clarity of disclosure and information contained
in the financial reports;

~ Reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of the systems.
of internal control and the risk management framework;


===== page 85 =====
~ Reviewing the Grouo’s arrangements and procedures relating
to compliance, whistieblowing and fraud:

~ Overseeing the relationship with the external auditor, reviewing
performance and advising the Board members on the auditor's
appointment and remuneration;

— Reviewing and ciscussing the findings of the avait with the
external auditor; and

Oversight of the internal aucit process

Activities during the year
Review of financial statements:

During FY 24, the Committee reviewed and approved the Group's
FY 23 Annual Report & Accounts and FY 24 interim results
including consideration of the significant accounting issues
ralating to the financial statemants and the going concern review.

Financial controls and risk management:

in its responsibility to assure the Group's financial control and risk
Management environment, the Committee continued its focus on
fisk and financial controls, monitoring progress against the plan to
implement refinements to systems and processes, to improve the
financial control envronment further and to enhance team operations,
Status reports were reviewed and discussed at the Committee's,
meetings in November 2023 and February 2024,

On behalf of the Board, the Committee oversees and assures

the Group's risk processes and risk reporting acrass all business
units. Alongside the external audit process, there is an engoing
focus on identifying, assessing, and managing the risks the Group
faces across a broad range of relevant topics, including industry,
operational, financial, social and environmental risks. As part of
the annual risk review agenda, a focused risk session took place
at the Committee's meeting in February 2024, and the Group.
Managing Director and the Global Head of Risk were invited to
attend the meeting, The Committee reviewed and discussed
updates to the risk policy, the risk management framework and
the risk report, which includes key risks identified across the Group.

The principal risks to the Group and the identified mitigating
actions are set out in the Principal Risks and Uncertainties section
af the Strategic Report on pp 57-80,

Scope and delivery of external audit:

The Commities reviewed the year-end audit plan and considered
the scopé of the audit and the external auditor's fees. It has also
considered the tenure of the external auditor and the rotation of
the audit partner at the end of FY 24 (see p. 82 for further details).

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 81

Whistteblowing policy:

During the year, the Committee reviewed the Group's whistlebiowing
policy and processes. The Committee was comfortable that the
existing arrangements were satisfactory, but recommended certain
enhancements to reflect current best practice, and these were
implemented as part of the annual policy review process. The
updates inciuded expanded guidance for employees on what
whistleblowing is and the engagement of a specialist third party
to provide an independent whistieblowing reporting helpline.
Subsequent to the year end, the Group has also impiemented a
new training madule for all employees covering the whistleblowing
process. Further dotails of this policy can be found below.

Internat audit:

The Committee considered the need for an internal audit funotion
during the year. While there is no current requirement for the
Group to establish a separate intemal audit function, the Commities,
and the Board as a whole, concluded that the Group is now of a
size and complexity that would benefit rom introducing a proportionate
internal audit process, Following consideration of a number of
potential solutions and third-party providers during the year, the
Committee agreed to appoint Grant Thornton in this capacity to
supplement the Group's existing internal control arrangements
and external audit process.

‘The initia! phase of the internal audit programme consisted of a
review of the Group's risk management practices and processes
to provide assurance of the risk management framework in
identitying, assessing, and managing risks. This programme is
currently in the early stages of implementation and the findings of
this initial review are being used to inform suiosequent areas of focus.

Terms of reference:

The Committee also reviewed and updated its terms of reference,
which were approved by the Board.

aiphatme.com

°
8
3
H
a
c
?
3
3
8
bs



===== page 86 =====
82 Annuai Report & Accounts 2024

External auditor appointment and tenure

The Committee oversees the relationship with the external auditor
and monitors all services provided and fees payable to ensure
that potential conflicts of interest are considered and that an
objective and professional relationship is maintained. In particular,
the Committee reviews and moniters the independence and
objectivity of the external auditor and the effectiveness of the
audit process.

KPMG LLP was first appointed as the Group's external auditor in
2015. The current lead partner was appointed following completion
of the FY 19 audit and, in line with KPMG's policy on lead partner
rotation, will complete nis five-year term at the end of FY 24, The
proposed new audit partner has met with senior members of the
Group’s Finance team and will be introduced to the Committee
during the first half of FY 28.

While there is no obligation for an AIM-quoted company to tender
extemal audit services periodically, in line with generally accepted
good practice, the Committee has considered the length of tenure
of KPMG as external auditor, in the context of the forthcoming
partner rotation. The Committee has determined that the appointment
of a new partner in FY 25 will further add to the objectivity and
independence of the audit process and that a tencar would,
therefore, not be undertaken at this point in time. However, given
the duration of KPMG’s tenure, this matter will be kept under
review by the Committee on a regular basis.

KPMG LLP did nat provide any non-audlt services during the
year. Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements analyses
the remuneration to the external auditor for audit services during
the year.

The Committee seeks feedback from the Chief Financial Officer
and senior members of the Finance team on the effectiveness of
‘the external auditor and the audit process. The Committee continues
to be satsfied with the scope of the external auditor's work and

Area of focus

Revenue recognition

Revenue is the most significant caption in the statement of
comprehensive income and, by its nature, revenue recognition is
akay accounting policy. Whilst the majority of Group revenue is
contracted on a time and materials basis, the Group also has
some fixed-priced milestone contracts. The recagnition of
revenue on such contracts in progress at the year end involves
consideration of the detailed contractual terms against the
requirements of IFRS 15 and an assessment of whether
performance obligations under the contract have been met

at the balance sheet date.

alphafme.com

the effectiveness of the external aucit process, and is satisfied
that KPMG remains independent in the discharge of its audit
responsibilities. Te Committee is, therefore, pleased to recommend
to the Board that a resolution to re-appoint KPMG LLP as the
Company's auditor ba proposed at the forthcoming AGM (if held}.

Audit process
The external auditor prepares an audit plan for its review of the
full-year financial statements, and the audit plan is reviewed and
agreed in advance by the Committee, Before the approval of the
financial statements, the external auditor presents its findings to
the Committee, highlighting areas of significant financial judgement
or estimation for discussion. The Committee also reviews the
external auditor's management letter and detailed presentations
are made to the Committee by the auditor at least twice a year.
There is an active discussion between the Committee and the
auditor on any recommendations to improve the efficiency of

the audit process.

Significant accounting matters

In the year, the Audit and Risk Committee considered key
accounting issuss and significant judgements and estimates in
relation to the Group's FY 24 financial statements. These matters
were discussed and reviewed with the Finance team and the
externat auditor. The Audit and Risk Committee challenged
judgements and sought clarification where necessary.

‘The Committee received a report from the external auditor on the
work it had performed to arrive at its conclusions anc! discussed
any material findings contained within that report. The information
in the table below should be considered together with KPMG's
independent auditor's report on pp $9-105 and tne accounting
policies disclosed in the notes to the financial statements as
referenced in the table.

How it was addressed

Octailed revenue year-end cul-off procedures have been.
performed internally, including a detailed review of relevant
contractual client terms.

The Commitice has discussed the design and application of the
revenue cut-off procedures perlormed, and considered and
agreed the appropriateness of the disclosures in respect of
revenue recognition in the financial statements.


===== page 87 =====
Area of focus

Alternative performance measures

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 83.

How it was addressed

To assist in understanding the underlying performance of the
Group and to aid comparability between accounting periods,
some alternative performance measures (‘APMs') are presented,
which differ from measures presented in accordance with
International Financia! Reporting Stendards ("iFRS"), These
APM exclude certain adjusting items, Judgement is required to
identify those adjusting items deemed to warrant exclusion from
the calculation of the Group's adjusted measures due to either
their nature or size.

Share-based payments

Estimation is required to calculate the share-based payment
expense under IFRS 2 and the associated social security costs.
‘These estimates include assessing the fair value of share options
at the date of grant, the probability that share options will vest in
the future and the future share price at the vesting date.

The Committee has considered the appropriateness of each of
the agjusting items, ensuring that sufficient explanations are
provided and that each APM is reconciled to the nearest

IFRS measure.

‘The Committee has reviewed the balance of APMs and [FRS
measures presented in the Annual Report and Accounts and
considered whether APMs have been appropriately balanced
with IFRS measures.

Qo
g
3
3
a
4
2
8
3
H
3

External professional experts assisted in calculating the fair
value of share options at each grant date

The probability that share options will vest is assessed at each
reporting date by considering forecast staff attrition, time until
vesting and achievement of performance conditions. These key
assumptions have been discussed with the Committee

Share dealing, anti-bribery and whistleblowing

The Group has adopted a share dealing code in conformity with
the requirements of Rule 21 af the AIM Rules. All employees,
including new joiners, must agree to comply with the code.

The Group has in place a whistleblowing policy, the purpose
of which is to encourage employees to report any suspected
wrongdoing as soon as cossible; to provide employees with
guidance as to how to raise those concerns; and to reassure
employees that they can raise genuine concerns without fear
of reprisals, even if they turn out to be mistaken. The Group
has appointed whistleblowing officers, and the Non-Executive
Chairman is provided as a point of escalation. An independent
whistlebtowing hotling is also in place to provide an alternative
means of escalation for any employees wishing to raise
concerns via a third party. In the event of a whistleblowing
event, the Board will also be informed and kept up to date

on all developments as appropriate.

‘The Group also has an anti-corruption and bribery policy, which
sets out the Group’s responsibilities in observing and upholding
its position on bribery and corruption. It provides information
and guidance cn how to recognise and deal with bribery and
corruption issues.

These polivies are provided to every employee of the Group,
principally through the Employee Handbook and also within a
Group Corporate Compliance Manual, which is available on the
website. The Audi and Risk Committes reviews these policies on
a regular basis to ensure that they remain fit for purpose.

The Group operates an open and inclusive culture and employeas
are encouraged to speak up if they have any concems. Such
policies aim to ensure that all employees observe ethical
behaviours and bring matters that cause them concern to the
attention of either the Executive or Non-Executive Directors,

Maeve Byrne
Casi of the Audit and Ri:

Cormmttee

alphatme.com


===== page 88 =====
84 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Qoors raters

Remuneration Committee report

Membership

Maeve Byrne

Ken Fry

Jill May

Key actions from FY 24

— Determined FY 24 remuneration outcomes for Executive
Directors and senior management.

Monitored performance against FY 24 variable reward
performance conditions.

Undertook a full review of the Executive Director and
senior management remuneration,

— Shaped a new Remuneration Policy and FY 25
remuneration arrangements.

— Undertook a shareholder consultation on the new
Remuneration Policy.

Priorities for FY 25

— Oversee the application of the new Remuneration Policy
from 1 April 2024.

Introduce an advisory shareholder vote on remuneration
at the 2025 AGM fif hela} in respect of the FY 24
Remuneration Report.

— Determine FY 25 remuneration outcomes.

— Shape FY 26 remuneration packages, to support the
strategic priorities of the Group and reduce share dilution
levels over time.

As the Chair of the Remuneration Committee, and on behalf of
the Board, | am pleased to present the Remuneration Commitiee
report for the year ended 31 March 2024

Over the past 12 months the Remuneration Committee has
undertaken a comorehensive raview of the Group's remuneration
arrangements for the Executive Directors and its senior management
team. This culminated in the implementation of a new Remuneration
Policy that wil take effect from 1 April 2024, which is for the
Executive Directors and the senior ieadership team, more closely
aligned to current market standards for large AIM-quoted companies

atphatme.com

Penny Judd
Chair of the
Remuneration
Committee

Therefore, my Committee Report, the Policy section and the
Annual Report on Remuneration not only detail executive
remuneration outcomes for FY 24, but also describes our

new Remuneration Policy and remuneration strategy for FY 25,
and the shareholder consultation process that we undertook
prior to their implementation

1am also pleased to confirm that in this year's Remuneration
Committee report we have further enhanced our disclosures
to provide additional detail and transparency on the Group's
remuneration arrangements, both in relation ta FY 24 and FY 25,
in Ine with evolving best practice for a Group of Alpha's siza.

As a further important enhancement to the Groug’s remuneration
govemance framework, we intend to introctice an advisory shareholder
vote on Executive Director remuneration at our 2025 AGM jif held)
relating to remuneration arrangements for the year commencing

1 April 2024, in accordance with the new recommendations of the
2023 QCA Corporate Governance Code ("2023 QCA Code")

As noted elsewhere in this report, on 20 June 2024, the Board
announced an Offer to acquire Alpha. If this Offer is completed,
certain matters referred to in this Remuneration Committee report
as occurring during FY 26 and beyond will not occur as they are
matters which would only be relevant to the Group as a quoted
public company. Therefore, the resolutions described in this
Remuneration Committee report proposed to be put to
shareholdars at the 2024 and 2025 AGMs, may not occur.

Committee composition and governance

The Committee is composed whelly of independent Non-Executive
Directors. My fellow Committee members are Ken Fry, ull May
and Maeve Byrne. All members served throughout the year.

The Committee meets as and when necessary, but at least twice
a year, The Committee met five times during FY 24. Each of these
meetings were attended by all members of the Committee.

‘The Group's Company Secretary attends each meeting and the
Chief Executive Otficer and Chief Financial Officer are invited to
attend meetings as appropriate. The Committee has unrestricted
access 10 the Company Secretary throughout the year and has
received advice from a specialist remuneration adviser as set out
on p. 93.


===== page 89 =====
Key responsibilities

The main duties of the Committee are set out in its tarms of
reference, which are reviewed annually and are available on
Alpha’s investor webs'te (alphafme.corinvastors/board-committees).

The Committee formulates and recommends to the Board the
remuneration policies for the Executive Directors and senior
management of the Group, having regard to pay and employment
conditions across the Group, The objectives of these policies are to:

— Attract, retain and motivate employees of the quality required
to run the Group successfully;

~ Promote the long-term success of the Group; and

- Ensure that the performance-related elements of remuneration
form a significant yet aporopriate proportion of the total
remuneration package and ate transparent, stretching and
rigorously applied.

The Committee determines the total remuneration package of
the Executive Directors and the Group's senior management,
The Board as whole sets the remuneration for the Non-Executive
Directors. including the Chair.

The Committee reviews and approves the structure of a
performance -related pay schemes (both annual and longer-term
schemes) for the Executive Directors and the Group's senior
leadership team, including setting the associated targets and
performance conditions, It monitors performance against those
conditions and approves the vesting and payment outcomes.

Akey priority of the Gommities is to transition towards
arrangements that shift the balance of remuneration towards cash
annual variable pay. Currently, this type of pay makes up a smali
portion of overall remuneration. The aim is to reduce the reliance
on share incentives, to bring share dilution from employee share
awards more into line with conventional UK-quoted company
dilution limit guidelines.

Note 22 to the financial statements sets out further details of the
Group's share-based payrnent schemes of the Group.

Company performance in FY 24

FY 24 was a challenging year for the Group with 4 more competitive
market environment, resuking in lower profits than were initially
anticipated. in determining FY 24 remuneration outcomes for the
Executive Directors, the Remuneration Commuttee has taken into
consideration the overall performance of the Group for FY 24
and shareholder returns, Overall levels of remuneration for the
Executive Directors for FY 24 were therefore significantly lower
than FY 23, with no annual cash bonus payments having been
awartied and no vasting of FY 24 equity awards,

For other employees within the Group. the Committee decided
to enable partial vestings, in recognition that some of the FY 24
performance conditions have been met, and to incentivise and
retain a high quality team to deliver the Group's stated growth
plans for FY 25 and beyond.

Annuat Report & Accounts 2024 85

Activities of the Committee during FY 24
Reviewed the Remuneration Committee report in the FY 23
Annual Report and Accounts.

Recommended to the Board the purchase of shares by the

Company's employee benefit trust to satisfy future exercises
of equity incentive awards.

Approved FY 23 profit share outcomes for Executive Directors
and senior management.

Approved the grant of share incentive awards in July 2023
and the associated performance criteria for Executive
Directors and senior management of the Group far FY 24.

Approved the vesting of equity incentive awards granted to
Executive Directors and senior management in prior perioas,
having assessed the associated performance conditions.

Approved updates to the rules of the Group's share
incentive schemes,

Undertook an annual review and approval of the terms of
reference for the Remuneration Committee.

Reviewed the new principles on remuneration in the 2023 QCA
Code and considering how these would be applied by the Group

-- Appcinted an extemal specialist remuneration consultant,
haglenfem Remuneration Advisory, to undertake a full review
of existing variable remuneration arrangements, and to assist
in shaping a draft new Remuneration Policy tor FY 25, more
closely aligned to market standards and typical dilution levels.

~ Undertook a consuitation with shareholders in relation to the
new Remuneration Policy and FY 25 remuneration arrangements
for Executive Directors and senior management.

alphatme.com

°
g

3
g
Fy
3
2
2

g

5

3
s

y



===== page 90 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Activities of the Committee during FY 24
continued

In addition, there were a number of activities undertaken between
31 March 2024 and the date of this report, including

Determined FY 24 remuneration outeomes for the Executive
Directors and senior management in view of FY 24 business
performance, including share incentive award vestings and
bonus awards;

Set FY 25 salary levels and vanable remuneration for the Executive
Directers and senior management, including the associated
financial and non-financial performance conditions; and

Completed the consultation with majar shareholders in
relation to the FY 25 Remuneration Policy and arrangements.

Remuneration Policy for FY 24

‘The key elements of remuneration of the Executive Directors
and senior management of the Group in respect of FY 24
were unchanged from those set out on pp 73-77 of the FY 23
Remuneration Committee report within the Annual Report and
Accounts 2023. This comprised base salary, country specific
pension and benefits, an annual bonus opportunity and share
incentive awards. FY 24 remuneration outcomes for the
Executive Directors are set out on pp 91-98 of this report

New Remuneration Policy for FY 25 and
shareholder consultation process

During FY 24, the Remuneration Committee, with guidance from
an external remuneralion consultant, h2glantern Remuneration
Advisory, and with support from the Company Secretary, conducted
a review of the Group’s existing Remuneration Policy, and shaped
anew Remuneration Policy to take effect frorn 1 April 2024 for the
Executive Directors and senior management of the Group.

‘The objectives of the updates to the Remuneration Policy for
FY 25 are:

— To ensure Executive Director remuneration is aligned to strong
Group pertormance, the delivery of the Group's strategic
objectives and to shareholder interests; and

To oring Executive Director remuneration arrangements more
closely into line with UK best practice guidelines. reflecting the
Group's size, profile and status as a large AiM company.

A key element of these changes is to support the future rebalancing
of variable remuneration towards cash and away from share
incentives, to bring share dilution from employee share awards
more into line with conventional UK-quoted company dilution limit
guidelines over a transition period.

Importantly, there is no intention to increase the overall remuneration
opportunity at on-target levels of performance for the Executive
Directors in FY 25, but instead to restructure remuneration
arrangements in line with best practice and sharpen the alignment
of remuneration to Group performance. The Remuneration Committee
will ensure that performance conditions are appropriately stretching
to ensure higher lavels of remuneration are earned only tor excellent
performance. New features of the FY 25 arrangements include:

alphatme.com

Abonus deferral mechanism, in conjunction with an increased
maximum cash bonus opportunity:

-- The introduction of an additional two-year post-vesting holding
period for long-term equity incentives,

- The introduction of 25% threshold vesting levels for both the
bonus and fong-term equity incentives;

A shareholding guideline for Executive Directors: and

The introduction of market standard malus and
clawback arrangements.

Al our 2024 AGM {if held), resolutions to approve amenciments
to our existing equity incentive plans and to approve a bonus
deferrai plan will be put to shareholders ‘or approval.

Shareholder consultation process

The Committee undertook a formal consultation with the Group's
major institutional shareholders covering 56% of the share register
as at 31 March 2024, to seek their views on this proposed new
Remuneration Policy. Of the 12 institutional investors that were
contacted, we received 11 respanses, the large majarity of which
expressed support. The Committee answered questions and
addressed points from investors, including attending a meeting
requested by one shareholder.

I would like to thank those investors that took the time and effort
to engage with us during this process. While some differing
preferences among investors is inevitable, we believe that the
resulting new Remuneration Policy is aligned to the views of the
lage aajority of our major investors and generally accepted good
practice for large AIM-quoted companies.

introduction of shareholder vote on remuneration

‘As mentioned above, in accordance with the recommendations of
the 2023 QCA Code, we intend to introduce an advisory shareholder
voie on our Executive Director remuneration arrangements at the
2025 AGM (if held), We recognise that active engagement on
remuneration-related matters is becoming increasingly important
to our investors, and we positively support this.

Looking ahead

We look forward to overseeing the operation of the Group's:

new Remuneration Policy throughout FY 25 and to providing
shareholders with the opportunity to vote on these remuneration
arrangements for the first time at our 2025 AGM {if held).

The Committee is conscious that the maximum annual bonus
opportunity for the Executive Directors in FY 25, as detailed
below, remains significantly below comparative levels of
competitor companies. Subject to performance and strategic
delivery, the Committee will review this parameter towards the
eng of FY 25 and consider increasing the maximum annual bonus
cpportunity for the CEO and CFO te 150% of salary and 125% of
salary, respectively, for FY 26. This will continue to be coupled
with threshold targets corresponding to @ pay out at 25% of
maximum and stretch targets in line with market standards, to
ensure that there is no significant increase in remuneration for
equivalent on-target performance. In FY 25, the weightings of
performance conditions attached to share incentive awards wil!
be 75:25 between EPS and relative TSR targets. The Committee
will keep these weightings under review and may consider moving
this to a 50:50 balance between EPS and relative TSR targets
from FY 26.


===== page 91 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 87

Remuneration Policy effective from 1 April 2024

The new Remuneration Policy is detaifed in the table below, which describes how each component of remuneration is linked to the
Group's strategy and is operated in practice:

Executive Directors’ Remuneration Policy Table (effective from t April 2024)

Component to strategy Operation Maximum opportunity _ Performance measures °
Basic salary To payacompstitive Base salary is reviewed annually and N/A None, although overall 3
basic salary to attract, takes account of the responsibilties, performance of the individual = J
retain and motivate experience and performance of the and the Company will be =
the talent required to _ individual and competitive pressures. taken into consideration by £
operate and develop __It is reviewed each year with any the Committee when setting 2
the business and to changes effective from 1 April and reviewing salary ievels. 3
develop and deliver 3
the Group's strategy. A
Pension Part ofa competitive All Executive Directors are eligible to. N/A NA
Executive Director —_participaie in the Group's Personal
remuneration, Pension Scheme on the same terms:
package, to provide —_as other employees in the same
an opportunity to employment countries.
build up income
for retirement.
Benefits To provide market- Benefits include country-specific N/A NA
competitive benefits, contributions, which may include
private medical expenses cover, life
insurance cover. matemity/paternity
pay and other ancillary benefts.
Annual cash The purpose of the The Committee assesses actual Maximum, Performance measures:

bonus scheme

Purpose and

annual cash bonus
scheme is to
incentivise and
reward short term
performance, and to
align the interests of
the Executive
Directors, the Group
and shareholders in
the short and
medium-term.

performance compared to the
performance targets following the
completion of the financial year and
determines the bonus payable to
each individual,

Up to 26% of the maximum
payable in respect of a financial
measure wil be paid for threshold
performance. Up to 50% of the
maximurn payable in respect of a
financial measure will be paid for
on-larget performance, increasing
10 100% for stretch performance.

Bonus payments are subject to
malus and clawback provisions
‘sce p. 88 for further details)

25% of bonus payments will be
deferred for a period of two years
and payable in shares. The deferral
will be waived if the amount to be
deferred is less than £25,000.

opportunity under
this policy is up to
180% of salary tor
CEO and 125% of
salary fot CFO.

For FY 25, the
maximum bonus:
opportunities will oe

and targets are set by the
Cormmittea on an annual
‘basis 10 reflect the Group's
strategic priorities.

Far FY 26, 70% of the
opportunity will be based on
key financial measures and
20% of the opportunity well

90% of salary for the be based on non-financial

CEO and 60% of
‘salary for the CFO.
Sea p. 94 for
further detaiis.

measures, some of which will
include ESG related objectives.

Vesting in respect of any
non-financial measure will
be between 0% and 100%
based on the Committee's
assessment Of the extent to
which the relevant measure:
is achieved.

Vesting in respect of any
non-financial measure wil
ordinarily be subject to the
satisfaction of a financial
performance underpin.

alphafme.com,



===== page 92 =====
88 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Remuneration Policy effective from 1 April 2024 continued

Component
Long-term To incentivise and Awards will be granted subject to Maximum of 150% of The Committee may vary
equity reward long-term demanding performance conditions salary for CEC andthe type and weighting of
incentive performance and covering a minimum period of 125% of selary for _ performance conditions
awards value creation, and three years. CFO in usual chosen for each annual
a align the wtorests A-maximum of 25% of the awards circumstances. round of awards.
vest at threshold level of performance, In exceptional Performance metrics will

Directors, the Group
and shareholders in
the long-term and to
promote retention.

with vesting typically increasing ona circumstances {such be based on at least two
straight-line basis to full vesting for as on the recruitment financial measures (likely to.
meeting or exceeding a stretching of anew Executive be EPS growth and relative
level of outperformance. Director) awards in TSR performance against
respect of any a@ benchmark},

financial year may be

granted at the level of

up to 300% of salary.

Awards are subject to an additional
holding period of two years post-
vesting. Awards may be exercised
at the end of the three-year vesting
period, but shares may only be sold
during the holding period to cover
tax liabilities arising from the exercise.

‘Awards are subject to malus and
clawback provisions (see below for
further details).

Shareholding Encourages Executive The Chief Executive Officer is N/A N/A
guidelines Directors to build a expected to maintain a shareholding

meaningful equivelent to 200% of base salary

sharehoiaing to throughout employment,

further align interests.

with shareholders. Other Executive Directors are also

expected to build up and maintain
a sharenolding of 200% of satary
over the five-year period fron
their appointment.

The shareholding guideline includes
beneficially owned shares and vested
share options on an after-tax basis.

Notes to the Remuneration Policy Long-term equity incentives: Malus may be applied before the
assessment of performance conditions in relation to an equity
incentive award. Clawoack may be appiied to an equity incentive
Malus and olawback may de applied to bonus and equity award for up to two years following the assessment of performance

incentive awards in certain specific circumstances including conditions at the vesting date (inclusive of any holding period).
@ material misstatement of the accounts, a material error in

Malus and clawback conditions

assessing performance conditions, gross misconduct on the Updates to share plan scheme rules and new Deferred
part of the participant, fraud, material dishonesty, wrongdaing Bonus Scheme

or breach of contract that is a potentially justifiable reason for The majority of changes to the long-term equity incentive
dismissal, breach of fiduciary duties, and misconduct leading arrangements for FY 25 can be accommodated under the
to significant losses or a material failure of risk management. Group's existing share plan rules. However, updates to the

scheme rules ta allow for the new malus and clawback
provisions, together with some other minor administrative
updates, will be made and tabled for shareholder approval at

the 2024 AGM [if held), Itis also necessary to introduce a new
Deferred Bonus Plan to accommodate the share deferral element
of the Executive Director bonus scheme. The rules of this new
scheme will also be put to shareholders for approval at the 2024
AGM (if held).

Annual benus: Malus may be applied before a bonus is paid.
Clawback may be applied to a cash bonus or deferred bonus
payment after it has been paid for a period of up to two years
after payment.

aiphatme.com


===== page 93 =====
Overriding Remuneration Committee discretion

In respect of the annual bonus and fong-term equity incentive
awards, the Remuneration Committee has discretion to vary the
pay-out or vesting level from formulaic outcomes should any such

89

Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Leaver and change in control provisions

‘The table below sets out the remuneration arrangements for
Executive Directors in specific cirournstances, including leaving
the business or 2 change of canto! of the Group [with effect from

outcome not refiect the Committee's assessment of overalt 1 April 2024).

business performance or if it considers the formulaic output

inappropriate in the context of the overall shareholder retums or

an exceptional negative event.

Circumstances Treatment - annual bonus Treatment ~ tong-term equity incentive awards
Leavers - other than Bon..s o-her van deferred beras aw Cessation dared ine perfeemance and sr

good leavers

Good leaver:
Retirement,
ill-health, disability,
death, redundancy,
or other reasons at
the Committee's
discretion

Change

control

Participation will lapse on the date of cessation.
Lire red osnts senrds

Osferred bonus awards will normaily lapse in full

Brnyas athis tran tofers

us san

The Remuneration Committee will typically assess
performance against targets at the end of the period,

vestns paTOus,

Awards will normally lapse on the date of cessation it
this is before the vesting date,

aticn during tne sanding perros,
The holding peried will normally continue to apply.

essuticn during we yerformance periac
Awards granted in FY 25 onwards wit normatly

remain in place and vesting levels will be assessed

apply time-based pro-rating and make payment in line at their normal assessment date. The vesting level

with the workings of the plan and subject to the
normai deferral terms. The Remuneration Committee

will be based on achievement of performance targets
and subject to time or6-rating (reduction) based on

may, however, apply discretion to determine the most the portion of the performance period which has

appropriate outcome and make earlier payment and
Pay entirely in cash

Deir

Deferred bonus awards will ordinarily continue and
‘become payable on the ordinary payment/vesting
date, although the Committee retains discretion to
release any such award on the date of termination,
before the ordinary payment/vesting date in

appropriate circumstances (e.g, death or i-health),

Baw as.atrer than ch dooms aiardst

The Remuneration Committee will exercise its
discretion to determine the level of bonus paid taking
into account performance up to the point of the
change in contral and normally pro-rating pay-out
levels to reflect the portion of the year which has
elapsed. No deferral will be applied.

ards
Outstanding deferred bonus awards will vest in full.

elapsed at the point of departure with vested awards

subject to the normat holding periag, The Remuneration
Committee may, however, apply discretion to determine
the most appropriate outcome, including waiving the

holding period

Cessation unre the ho.chng 96

‘The holding period will normally continue to apply unless
the Remuneration Committee determines otherwise.

on

Outstanding awards granted in FY 25 onwards will
vest on completion of the change in control subject
to the Remuneration Committee's assessment of
performance up to that point and subject to time
pro-raiing (feduction), unless the Remuneration
Committee determines otherwise. No holding period
will apply to vested awards,

The holding period will terminate and vested awards:
will be released in iull at the point of change in control.

alphaime.com

2
3
3
a
cf
2
g
i
3
i



===== page 94 =====
90 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the Remuneration Policy continued
Directors’ service agreements

The Executive Directors as at the date of this report entered into
service agreements with the Compary on the following dates:

Notice period by

Date of service Company and
Director agreement == sTerm_ iby Director
Luc Baqué 28 March 2023 Indefinite 6 months

(effective from

4 April 2023)
John Paton 28 February 2018 Indefinite 6 months

The Non-Executive Directors do net have service agreements.
However, the Non-Executive Directors’ letters of appointment
provide that their tenure of office is for periods of three years,
unless renewed for a further term or until terminated by the
Non-Executive Director or the Company on giving to the other
three months’ prior written notice, Each Non-Executive Director
is typically expected to serve for two three-year terms but may be
invited by the Board to serve for an additional period.

Regardless of these terms of appointment, each Director offers
themselves for annual re-election by shareholders at every AGM
of the Company, in line with best practice.

Notice
period by
Company
Date of current term Term and by

Director ofappointment == expires Director’?
Ken Fry 6 September 2023-2026 AGM*”—-3 months
Penny Judd 23 September 2021 2024 AGM**_— 3 months.
Jill May 6 September 2023-2026 AGM ~—3 months
Maeve Byrne 16 May 2022 2025AGM — 3 months

Policy on recruitment

When hiring a new Executive Director, the Committee will
consider the overall remuneration package by reference to the
Remuneration Policy set out in this report. Salary and annual
bonus levels will be set so as to be competitive with comparable
roles in companies in similar sectors, and also taking into account
the experience, seniority and the scope of responsibility of the
appointee coming into the role.

The approach in resgect of compensation for forfeited remuneration
from a previous employer will be considered on a case-by-case
basis taking into account all relevant factors, such as the form of
compensation forfeited, performance achieved or Ikely to be
achieved, and the proportion of the performance period remaining.
if any compensation for forfeited remuneration is paid, il may be
awarded outside the standard equity incentive awards and may
be made with non-standard performance conditions, or wthout
performance conditions and with a shorter vesting perlod and
without a holding period to retlect the profile of forfeited awards.
Any such arrangements wouid be disclosed in the folowing year's
Annual Report.

New Executive Directors will be ainie to participate in the annual
bonus scheme on a pro-rated basis for the portion of the financial
year for which they are in post. New Executive Directors may
receive benefits and pension contributions in line with the Company's
existing policy. Long-term equily incentive awards are made on an
ongcing basis in line with our Solicy for Executive Directors and
other senior management. In the year of recruitment, a higher
award may be made to the new recruit (within the limits of the
Remuneration Policy, being a maximum of 300% of salary). Where
existing employees are promoted to become Executive Directors,
their remuneration will be operated in line with the Company's
policy from the date of promotion with the terms of outstanding
rerfuneration, such as deferred bonus amounts and outstanding
long-term eauity incentive awards, retaining the terms applied at
their point of award.

External appointments

Executive Directors may accept one external non-executive
directorship with the prior agreement of the Board, provided it
does not conflict with the Group's interests andl the time commitment
does not impact upon the Executive Director's ability to perform
their primary duty. The Executive Director may retain the fee from
the external directorship.

Remuneration Policy for Non-Executive Directors

The policy for Non-Executive Directors is set by the Board and
takes into consideration the need to attract the highest calibre
non-executive Board members, with broad and relevant commercial
experience. Reference is also made to fees in other companies
broadly similar in size with similar time commitments and compiexity.

Each Non-Executive Director is paid a basic fee. Additional fees
are payabis for acting as Senior Independent Director and as
Chair of the Audit and Risk, Remuneration, Nomination and ESG
Committees. The Non-Executive Directors are not eligible to
participate in the Company's performance related incentive plans
of pension arrangements. Non-Exacutive Directors may be eligible
to receive benefits such as the use of secretarial support, travel
costs and ather benelits that may be considered appropriate.

Non-Executive Director fees are typically reviewed by the Board
every year with any adjustments ordinarity effective from 7 April
each year, Increases typically do net exceed those of the wider
workforce, however, in appropriate circumsiances, increases of
a higher amount may be made taking into account individual
circumstances such as an increase in scope or responsibility of
the indivicual's role, alignment to market levels, or a change in
the size or complexity of the business.

Remuneration of employees below Executive Director level

The principles behind the Remuneration Poticy for Executive
Directors are cascaded down through the Group, as far as is
appropriate. They aim to attract and retain the best staff and to
focus their remuneration an the delivery of long-term sustainable
growth by using a mix of salary, benefits, bonus and longer-term
incentives. As 2 resull, no element of the Executive Director
Remuneration Policy is operated exclusively for Executive Directors.

26 Hine offer by Achum Basica (UK) Limited to sequie Alpha, releired to elsewinore in ths repor', 5 completed. 11s expactad thal the Non-Executive Cuactors will resign shortly after as
completion in adcition, oo further AGMs would be held after completion of tia oiler 4 as expected. the Company ts ie-regisiared as 2 private comMparty ‘ollowing completion
27 White Kon Fry's form of appomntment axpnios at the 2026 AGM. he will have served as Director for ring years by 2025 ands thecefore expected that he wll not Seok «e-alection by

shareholders ai the 2025 AGM if held)

28 The Board nas approved the apnaintmant cf Panny Jud! tara further three years fram the cate of the 2024 AGM wt hole

aiphafme.com


===== page 95 =====
The Scard believes that this structure provides a compelling
remuneration package that reinforces teanwork, aligns the
employass with the Group's objectives and heips to promote
a feeling of ownership amongst all employees.

All employees of the Group receive a fixed salary that is
competitive te the market and a profit share or cash bonus
scheme, alongside other benetits.

Certain senior employees alse receive jong-ierm equity incentive
awards. Performance metrics for anriual bonus schemes and
long-term equity incentives for employees below Board level
typically have a greater focus on regional and/or divisional targets
and personal objectives, with a lesser focus on overall Group
pertormance, to ensure that these are meaningiul and relevant t
the individuals concerned, From FY 25, senior management

Annual report on remuneration
FY 24 Executive Directors’ remuneration outcomes

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 9

incentive arrangements retain an element of Group EPS and TSR
performance measured aver three years.

ites the intention that a graduat rebalancing of remuneration
towards annual cash variable pay and away irom share incentives
aver a five-year transition period wilt also be applied to this group.
to support a reduction in share dilution levels over time,

Share award dilution levels

In order to bring dilution from share awards more into line with the
UK market standard, alongside the changes to Executive Director
remuneration, the Group is implementing changes to the remuneration
of other senior executives and employees to rebalance variable
remuneration towards cash from share incentives. To ensure
smooth, fair and effective implementation, the reduction in the
level of share awards will be carried Out over five years.

The single-figure table below summarises the remuneration of the Directors who served during the current year

Gainson Gains on
Other Other vasting of vesting of
Selary Solary benefits benefits equity equity
and and (private (private. incentive — incentive
fees* fees® Pension Pension heaithcare} healthcare) Bonus" Bonus: awards* = awards”* Totat Total
£000 £'000 £7000 £000 £000, £'000 £000 E000 £000 £'000 £000 £'000
_ ow. — F¥24 FY23° FY 24 FY 23 _ FY 24 FY 23 FY2a  FY23° 0 FY24 0 FY23 FY 24 FY 23
Executive
Directors
Lue Baqué 523 N/A 42 N/A 1 _ - NA 644 NA 4,210 NA
John Paton 325 200 - ~ 1 - - 30 510 366 836.896.
Non-
Executive
Directors
Maeve Byme 656 - ~ - - - - ~ - 69 58
Ken Fry tot 93 - ~ - - - ~ = 10 93
Penny Jud 69 63 - - - - = - ~ - 69 63
il May 6 «63 - - - - - - - 69
Total 4155 «575—C—iiD - - 304,84 368 2,954 974

remibs 2022, a tee ot £5,000 oF

"9° © 22 dg tee vas crease 19

148 998 app 2ted 10 ths Board on | Aprv 202%. “4 remuneration as an embloyes tar FY 24s ror cued Fons table Or the Dass That Ne vies not 8 tact 3

Gureg Py 25 Maeve Byrne was apacimtes on 1h Wa; 2022, ner annual fee tor P25 of 108.000 was prc-ated accorting!y

21 Na noruses neta awataed to ine Execyrne Directors. iat on 9 FY 26 Far FY 23, me Com tes approve thy award a Exao.t e Dractor aotuses ‘or #¥ 23 at tne ur valent ot 19s
of nee vescective base Salaries

32 156,°85 PSUs gramea to Luc Baqué 2h 22 vuly 2120 sasted ava were releases on 22 June 2022, (28.682 SOP amarts granted Jab Palor on 22 duly 2229 vested on 22 Juy 2028)
asd eran unerercised Further detei's are sel ou! or 26 92-95

29.88 108 JSOP axarde grantea to John Bator an 19 duly 2019 uRsteg Gt 79 July 2022, and were SuGSEaUert, ereycised on 24 August 2527 W the FY 23.8erval Repar! agar ot
£282 000 was regorted in elation 70 vox Pator’'s axerase of eqully hceriive awards 9m 24 August 2982 Flom FY 28 cvwarss, gOS On wSteA rarer MAN exorcwseA) eauty MEINE
fangras ae DENY “eerie the sngle igure Taye Therefore fa ariaure consisieney, ths FY 23 Nga has fen Undated to vePect the gaxr On the 9st ag ste 3 1 Luly 2022,

Jantum was ntioauces ter ean Non-Executive Director ‘or he nar crinng @ Sard somite; this ee has o6en ce araleal acErdiNgly "9°
per avr)

sorspay

aiphafme.com

roy
9
zg
g
ES
3
2
3
3
i



===== page 96 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Annual report on remuneration continued

Salary, benefits and pension

For FY 24, Luc Baqué's salary was €600,000 (€523,000) and
John Paton’s salary was £325,000. During the year pension
contributions were received by Luc Baqué of €49,G00 (£42,000).
No pension contributions were racaived by John Paton during
the year,

Annual bonus

in FY 24, both of the Executive Directors were eligible to earn a
periormance-related cash bonus of up to 10% of base salary,
with the opportunity for higher benuses in the event of financial
cutperformance. Given that FY 24 profits were below targeted
levels, no bonuses were awarded to the Executive Directors in
respect of FY 24.

Share incentive plan
The Committee approved the grant of annual incentive awards to
the senior management team globally, including the Executive

Directors, in July 2023, comprising UK joint share ownershio plan

awards (USOP" shares} and MIP share options. Details of the
awards granted to the Executive Directors are set out selow.

‘The performance criteria for FY 24 share incentive awards to the
Executive Directors and senior management of the Group were
four-fold and depended on the individual and their role:

The Group achieving adjusted EPS growth in FY 24 of 11.25%
or More to trigger a Maximum award, or 7.5% to trigger a 66%
award, with a linear application of awards between these levels.

The Group achieving a TSR over three years in excess of the
mean TSR delivered by @ peer group of comparable companies,

- Personal adherence to corporate values and risk policy.

Personal targets and goals, including business unit EBITDA
for members of senior management.

The performance conditions for share incentive awards to be
granted to the Executive Directors and senior management in
FY 25 and beyond will be more closely aligned to market
standards for an AIM-quoted company of Aloha's size, a8
explained on p. 88.

Vesting during FY 24

In June 2023, 154,185 RSU awards granted to Luc Baqué on

22 June 2020 (prior to his appcintment to the Board) vested and
were released. The closing price at the award date was £1.85 and
the price on the vest date was £4.18,

In July 2023, 126,652 JSOP awards granted te John Paton on
22 July 2020 vested. The closing price at the award date was
£1.85 and the hurdie rate was £2.11. The closing price on the

date of vest was £4.03, These awards remain unexercised by
John Paton.

The performance conditions relating to these awards, including
EPS growth in FY 21, total shareholder return and financiat and
behavioural targets, were met in full

Details of Executive Directors’ share awards held as at 31 March 2024
are set out below:

Lue Bague
Options/RSUs Options/RSUs
asat Granted Sharoprice | Shareprice _Exercised/ Lapsed asat Vesting/
1 April during at grant atvest/release released during during 31 March release
Grant date 2024 the year __ fe) theyear the year 2024 date
18/06/2019 184,185 - 228 418 (154,485) - - Vested on
22/06/2023
22/07/2020 283,304 - 185 - - - 253,304 22/07/2024"
06/07/2021 205,882 - 353 - - - 205,882 06/07/2024
01/07/2022 179,487 - 390 - - - 179,487 0107/2025
914/07/2023% — 201,005 400 - - - 201,005 04/07/2026
Total 792,858 201,005 (154,185) - 839,678

34 Luc Banque has two awards vesting i July 2024 relating to his previous role ard granted urdsr the French Share Plan Rules, in respect of two separate parlormance periods,
‘95 Based nn tha Gommittea'’s assessment of the performance conattions of these awards. which include one-year EPS performance far FY 2, these awards nekd by the Executive Orectars

‘wil MO vest

alphatme.com


===== page 97 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024-93

cobs
Options ‘Share price ‘Share price Options
asat Granted during al grant at vest Exerciged Lapsed during as at
Grant date 1.April2029 __theyear LY (0) during the year the year St March 2024 _Vesting date
22/07/2020 126,652 - 185, 403 _ ~_ 126,652 Vested on
22/07/2023, but
remain unexercised °
g
06/07/2021 83,623 _ 353 - - a 83,823 06/07/2024 3
01/07/2022 76,923 _ 390 = - _ 76,923 01/07/2025 a
04/07/2023"* = 87.939 400, _ _ _ 67,939 04/07/2026 °
gaoriaozs 9 RT 2
Total 287,398 87,939 - _ (375,337 3
Payments to past Directors for loss of office i

‘There were no payments for loss of office during the year. Euan Fraser stepped down from the role of Chief Executive Officer and
from the Board on 31 March 2023 and remained employed by the Group as a Strategic Adviser to the Board on a part-time basis
until @ January 2024. The Remuneration Committee deemed him to be a good leaver and, as such, he retained his outstanding share
awards, which vest at the end of their normai vesting periods and are subject to performance and other concitions.

Non-Executive Directors’ fees

For FY 24, the Chairman of the Board received a fee of £95,400 and the base fee for the three othar Non-Executive Directors was set
at £62,600 during the year. The Chair of each committee of the Board received an additional annual fee of £5,300.

Remuneration consultants

The Group engaged h2gienfern Remuneration Advisory as its Remuneration Consultant during the yeas, to conduct a formal review
‘of the Group's Remuneration Policy for the Executive Directors and the senior management team, and to support the formulation and
implementation of the Group's FY 25 Remuneration Policy. h2glenfern is a member of the UK Remuneration Consultants Group and,
as such, voluntarily adheres to its Code of Conduct. The Committee considers the advice that it receives fram h2gienfern to be.
independent. There are no relationships between héglenfern and either the Company or its individual Directors to be disclosed.

Directors’ share interests
The Directors’ interests in the share capital of the Company as at 31 March 2024 and the movements during the year are set out below:

Number of
ordinary

sharos as at Numbor of Percentage
1 March ‘ordinary. of total voting

2023 Disposedof Acquired sharesasat rights as at
(ordateof | duringthe ~~ duringthe © 31 March 31 March

appointment) yoar 2024 2024
tucBaue SS 7 4063929 =O SBS 1,228,114 1.00%
John Paton 188,741 - - 198741 0.13%
Maeve Byrne - - - - 0.009%
Ken Fry 184,090 - — 184,090 0.15%
Penny Judd - - - - 0.0096
Jill May 12,307 - - 12,307 0.01%

There were no changes in the Directors’ interests in shares between 31 March 2024 and 20 June 2024,

alphatine. com


===== page 98 =====
94 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Annual report on remuneration continued
Remuneration arrangements for FY 25,

The Remuneration Committee sees FY 26 as a transitional year
in terms of the Group's remuneration strategy, to which the principles
of new Remuneration Policy have been applied, together with
some transitional arrangemenis to avoid any significant variations
in on-target earnings for equivelent performance from FY 24 to
FY 25. Importantly, there is no intention to increase the overall
remuneration opportunity at on-target levels of performance.
Stretching performance conditions will ensure that significant
out-performance against targets is required for maximum

vesting to occur.

The Committee has set FY 25 remuneration for the Executive
Directors as follows:

Base salaries

Taking into consideration the performance of the Group in FY 24
and the challenging market context, the Remuneration Committee
has agreed that base salaries for the Executive Directors for FY 25
wi remain unchanged trom FY 24 levels. Luc Baque’s salary from
1 April 2024 is therefore €600,000 per annum, John Paton’s
salary from 1 April 2024 is therefore £325,000 per annum.

Anaual bonus

The FY 25 bonus maximum opportunily fer the Chief Executive
Officer, Luc Baqué, and for the Chief Financial Officer, John Paton,
will be set at 90% of salary and 60% of salary, respectively.

70% of the overall opportunities will vest by reference to perlormance
agai iol finiaticial Objectives (Spit 4% for EBITDA growth and 25%
for net fee income growth). 30% of the opportunities wilt vest by

reference to personal performance against non-financial objectives,

For 25% of the bonus awards opportunities to vest, threshold
performance aligned to market consensus must be met.
Significant cutperformance beyond target levels is required for
100% of the opportunities to vest. Therefore, while the bonus
ceportunities have been increased trom FY 24 to FY 25, more
stringent thresholds and stretch targets have been applied than in
FY 24, Market standard malus and clawback conditions also apply.

25% of bonuses paid to the Executive Directors will be subject to
a two-year deferral into shares, subject to £25,000 minimum
share deferral,

alphaime.com

Long term equity ancentrys awards

The FY 25 equity incentive oportunity for the Chief Executive
Officer, Luc Baqué, will be set at a maximurn opportunity at 150%
of salary. The FY 26 equity incentive opoortunity for the Chief
Financial Officer, John Paton, will be set at a maximum opportunity
al 125% of salary. These opportunities are set at similar levels to
FY 24, but are subject to more stringent vesting requirements
than in FY 24, Key features of the equity incentive awards in FY 25
are as follows:

-- 76% of the opportunity will vest by reference to EPS growth
over three years. Threshold vesting of 25% af the awards will
occur at 8% compound annual growth rate (*CAGR") Full
vesting at 12% CAGR;

25% of the opportunity will vest by reference to relative TSR
growth over three years. Threshold vesting at median and full
vesting at upper quartile performance;

Three-year vesting period, followed by a two-year holding
period; and

Market standard malus and claw back conditions.

Itis intended that the full vesting target level will increase to 15%
CAGR for FY 26 awards. 12% CAGR has been applied for FY 25
to provide for a smooth transition to the new structure. The previous
three-year relative TSR target required performance in excess of
the mean of a peer group. As such, significantly higher levels of
overall performance are required under the mew structure to
trigger higher leveis of vesting.

Chairman and Nen-Excculive Director toes for FY 25

The Board approved an annual increase of 3.5% in Non-Executive
Director fees for FY 25, taking into account inflation rates and the
Group's annual pay review for UK employees. With effect from

1 April 2024, the Chairman's base fee is £98,700 per annum anc
the Non-Executive Directors’ base fees are £65,800 per annum.
ach Non-Executive Director also chairs a Board committee and
receives an additional fee of £5,500 per annum.

Penny Judd
Char of the Remuneration Committee

Poles 2


===== page 99 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 95

Alpha Financial Markets Consuiting ple is incorporated in England and Wales with registered number 09965297. The Company's
registered office is 60 Gresham Street, Landon, FC2V 7BB. The Company is a public limited company and is listed on AIM of the
London Stock Exchange.

The Directors believe that the requisite components of this report are set out eisewhere in the Annual Report and/or on the Company's.
website, alphaime.com/investors, The table sets out where the necessary disclosures can be found.

Business performance

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc is the hotding company for a glodal group of companies, the principal actnity of
which is the pravsion of consulting and ralated Services to clients «0 Ine asset management, wealth management! and
ingurance industries.

A reviayr of the performance and future development of tha Group's business is contained in the Chairman's, the Chief
Exacutve Orfcer's and the Oh! Financia! Officer's reports on bo 9-11. Pp 12-15 Ahaipp P-30 reepectty,

F sng rinancial resus for the year ends 81 March 2024 are sat out in he Chit Financial Olicer's report on pp 28=30 anctin
the consclidated statement of comprehensive income on p. 108 and further commented upon in the Chief Executive
Officer's report on pp 12-15,

The Drastors consider the curent state of altars ofthe Group to be satistactory,

Aninlanm dividend of 3.70p per shore was paid in Cooember 2023 FY 23: 3.70p. in view othe recommended cash
offer to acquire Alpha by Actim Bideo (UX) Limited, a newly incorporated indirect subsidiary of certain funds managed
by Bridgepoint Advisers Limited, the Board is not recommending a fina dividend. H tha acquisition doss net completo,
itis expectes that the Board would declare a final dividend in respect of FY 24 at a tater late.

| Information regarcing dividend paymonts can aiso be found n note 10 tothe consolidated financial statements

Fn 20 June 2004, the Board announced @ recommended cash offerte acquire Alpha by Actum Bidoo (UK) Lined. a neety
incerporated indirect subsidiary of certain funds managed by Bricgepomt Advisers Limited. Further detals of this offer can
be found on p. 64 ang on the Company's website.

Further detais bout the Comoary’s future developments can G6 found in he strategy section on pp 22-23.

Detsils of post balance sheet events ara prowded in note 27 to he consolidated fnancil statements, Adaftionaly the reports
Of the Crrot Executive Otic” and Chet Financial Ofteer rosie updates on trading afer tne balance sheet dae,

The Directors have considered the gang concern status ofthe Company and are Satisied that the Company remans
a going concern. Detatls af the going concern basis are sei out in note + io the consolidated hnancial staternents.
Further corementary car be found in the Chiet Financial Olteersrepert on p. 30,

" pipha Financial Markats Consuling plc nas a branch in France, Additionally, as cisclased on p. 5, afer the year-end,
Alpha launched a new branch n Abu Dhabi, wich sta be overseen fy and wl nisl form part af the UK business

The netes 10 the fnancia statements, cluding note 23 trom p. 142. clude further Information on the Group's ube of
financial instruments,

Directors that have Served during the year and summaries of the current Directors’ key shils and experience are set out in
the Corporate Governance report on pp 66-67.

As permitted ty the Articles of Assocation, the Dractors have the benefit of an indemnity, which is @ quatlying third-party
Indemnity prowsion as dafined by Seciton 234 of the Companies Act 2006. The indemnity was in force throughout the
financial Rencd and atthe date of aporaval othe tmanclt statements.

“Derals of she Doctors’ banafcial mevasts are set out im the Remuneration Commitee report onp. 83

‘The Group purchases and mamtains Directors and Oficers” lability insurance for the benefit of ts Directors, which wasin
piace throughout the year and remains in place at the date of this repent

atphafme.com

2
8
3
8
3
5
3



===== page 100 =====
96 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Constitution

Any amendments to the Company's Articies of Association may be made by special resolution of the sharenolde’s. A copy
of the Articlas of Association can be found on the Company's wensite: aiphaime.com/investors/aim-rule-26.

The Company has only one class of ordinary share, which carries no right to fixed income, and each ordinary share 1s
‘entitied to one vote at general meetings of the Company.

Details of how tha Group engages with Alpha employes are set out in the section 172 statement inthe Strategie Report on
. 84 anc further described inthe ooking after our People section On pl 35-99.

Details of the key decisions and discussions of the Board during the year and the main stakeholder inputs into those
decisions are set out in the section 172 statement of the Strategic Report on pp 32-33.

The Company has approved and puidished its Modern Slavery Statement on its website in accordance with the Modem
Slavery Act 2015,

The Company made no political denations during the year to 31 March 2024,

Under the Companies Directors’ Report) and Limited Liablly Partnerships Energy ane Carbon Rapor Regulatons 2018,
‘we are mandated to disclose our UK energy use and associated greenhouse gas ("GHG") amissions. Specifically, Aipha is
required to report those GHG emissions relating tc natural ges, electricity and transport ‘ual, as well as an intensity ratio,
[_under the SECR Regulations. Further details can be found in the sustainable business section on pp 40-47.

“The Group hae this year published ie rst TOFD report. which detall how the Group ldenifies and mon tors climate-related
risks and opportunities. This can be found on pp 48-51,

“The Group has established internal control and risk management structures for preparing tne consolidated financial
statements, The key features of this framework are described in the risk management section of the Strategic Report
on pp 52-56 and in note 23 to the consolidated financial statements.

‘The Company's issued share capital as at 31 March 2024 was 122,009,796 ordinary shares of 0.075p each ("Ordinary
Shares"), none of which were held in treasury and 7,537,366 of which were held in the Company's employee benefit
trust (EBT

During the year. the EBT purchased a total of 1,035,154 Ordinary Shaves in the Compary. The shares are held in the

EBT. a discretionary trust, and are intended to be used to satisty the exercise of share options by employees, including the
Executive Directors of the Comaany. A total of 7,537.366 Ordinary Shares were held by the EBT on 31 March 2024, These
Ordinary Shares hold voting rights, albeit the EBT does not exercise these voting rights, nor receive dividends in respect of
these shares.

Details of the issued share cupital anc! mavements in the Gompany's issued share capital during the year are shown ia the
consolidated statement of changes in equity and note 21 te the consolidated financial statements,

The Gompany has only one cless of Ordinary Share, which cares no night to fixed income, Each Ordinary Shara entitled
to one vote at general meetings of the Company.

The Company was authorised by a shareholders’ resolution passed at the Annual General Meeting held on 6 September 2023

to purchase up to 10% of its issued share capital for cancellation or holding in treasury. This authonty will expire at the 2024

AGM [if held}. The Company ourchased no shares during the year uncer this authority, During the year, the EBT purchased a
total of 1.035.154 Ordinary Shares in the Company.

alphafme.com


===== page 101 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 97

Shareholders and share capital continued

‘Ag at 20 June 2024, the Company had been notified, in ateordanca with chapter five of the Disclosure and Transparency
Rules. or was otherwise aware, cf the follovang sighicent interests n the issued ordinary share capital ot the Company:

Percentage of
voting rights and
Name of person(s) subject issued share 9
_of notificat Baia §
Invesco at 8
a
Gresham House Asset s
Management Ltd 8.28 g
: abrdn 6.23 3
Janus Henderson investors 573 B
Rathbones Group pic 4at by
Kempen Oranje Participants NV. 4.84 -
Investec Wealth & Investment 4.60
Swedbank Rebur 4.03
NFU Mutual 3.45

Details of the Company's 2024 AGM can be found on p. 75 of this report

In the ease of each of tha persons who are Directors al the Company at the date when this report was approved:
So far as each of the Directors is aware, there iG no information relevant to the aud of which the Company's auditor
is unaware: and

Each of the Directors have taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as a Director to make themselves aware of
__a0v inforzation relevant tothe aucit and to establish thet the Company's auditor is aware of that information,

By order af the Board.

John Paton
Cine

Franc al Officer

alphatme.com


===== page 102 =====
98 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Cornpany law requires the Directors to prepare Group and parent
Company financial statements for each financial year. Under the
AIM Rules of the London Stock Exchange, they are required to
prepare the Group financial statements in accordance with
UK-adopted international accounting standards and applicable
law and they have elacted to prepare the parent Company financial
statements on the same basis.

Under company law the Directors must not approve the financial
statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair
view of the state of affairs of the Group and parent Company and
of the Group's proiit or loss for that period. In preparing each of
the Group and parent Company financial statements, the
Directors are required to:

Select suitable accounting policies and then apply
them consistently;

— Make judgements and estimates that are reasonable, relevant.
and reliable and, in respect of the parent Company financial
statements only, prudent;

State whether they have been prepared in accordance with
UK-adopted international accounting standards:

— Assess the Group and parent Company's ability to continue as
a going concer, disclosing, as applicable, matters related lo
going concern; and

~ Use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either
intend to liquidate the Group or the parent Company or to
cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Directors are responsible far keeping adequate accounting
records that are sufficient to show and explain the parent Company's
transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time
the financial position of the parent Company and enabie them to
grisure that its financial statements comply with the Companies
Act 2006. They are responsible for such internal contrel as they
determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due
to fraud or error, and have general responsibility for taking such
steps as are reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of
the Group and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.

Under applicable law and regulations, the Directors are also
responsibte for prepanng a Strategic Report and a Directors’
Report that comalies with that law and those regulations.

The Directors are responsibie for the maintenance and integrity
of the corporate and financial information included on the
Company's website. Legistation in the UX governing the preparation
and dissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation
in other jurisdictions.

By order of the Board,

John Paton
Chief Financial Officer



===== page 103 =====
Independent auditor’s report

to the members of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ple

1. Our opinion is unmodified

We have audited the financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets
Consulting ple {"the Company") for the year ended 31 March 2024.
which Comprise the consolidated statement of comprehensive
income, consolidated statement of financial position, consolidated
statement of cash flows, consolidated statement of changes in
equity, company statement of financial position, company staternent
of changes in equity, and the related notes, including the accounting
policies in note 7 10 both the consolidated financial statements and
company financial statements.

In our opinion:

the financial statements give a true and fair view of the state
of the Group's and of the parent Company's affairs as at
31 March 2024 and of the Group's profit for the year then ended,

- the Group financial statements have been properly prepared
in accordance with UK-adooted international accounting standards;

~ the parent Company financial statements have been properly
prapared in accordance with UK accounting standards,
including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework: and

the financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006,

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International
Standards on Auditing (UK) (‘ISAs (UK)") and applicable law.
Our responsibilities are described below, We have fulfilled our
ethical responsibilities under, and are independent of the Group
in accordance with, UK ethical requirements including the FRC
Ethical Standard as applied te listed entities, We believe that the
audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate
basis for aur opinion.

Overview

£1.25m FY 28: 81.6)

4.996 (FY 23. 4.8%) of Group profit before tax
adjusted for acquisition costs, ampleymertiinked
and contingent consideration

dt (FY 23: 84%) of Group ebscitte profit before tax
excluding intercompany

Revenue recagnition on contracts in
Progress at year end, and recognition
of deferred and accrued incom

B Presentation and disclosure of
adjusting items faiternative
2 cerformance measures}

Recoverability of parent Company's
investments in subsidiaries and
raveivables dye trom Group entities
(parent Company only)

alphatme.com

9
g
3
Hy
a
5
ioJ
g
3
3
3
2



===== page 104 =====
100 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

2. Key audit matters: our assessment of risks of material misstatement

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in the aucit of the financial
statements and include the most significant assessed risks of material misstatement (whether or net due to fraud) identified by us,
inoluaing those which had the greatest effect on: the overall audit strategy: the allocation of resources in the audit; and directing the
efforts of the engagement team. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit ef the financial statements as a whole,
and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. In arriving at cur audit opinion above,
the key audit matters, in decreasing order of audit significance, were as follows (unchanged Irom FY 23).

. The risk _ ____Our response _ oe
Revenue recognition Inappropriate recognition Our procedures included:
on contracts in progress _ of revenue on contracts in oo
at year end, and progress at year end by Tests of detail (acing andl agreeing): we assessed the
recognition of deferred _ error or fraud, and impact prop! revenue recog} ys
and accrued income on resulting deferred and * selecting a sample of revenue transactions recognised in
accrued income: March 2024 and April 2024 and obtaining the contract to

(Revenue £235.5m, FY 23:

£228.7m; Deferred income Billing of contracts is either on determine if time and expense or milestone;

£1.9m, FY 23: £1.0m; time and expense or milestone * for time and expense engagements, agree lo the invoice
Accrued income £4.4m, basis. There is a risk that and hours recorded on timesheet records to assess that
FY 23: £3.7m) revenue transactions around the revenue has been recognised in the appropriate

the year end, including the financial year;

Refer to p. 82 (Audit and
Risk Committee Report),
p. 117 (accounting policy)
and p. 120, p. 135 and
pp 137-138 (financial
disclosures}

associated deferred and
accrued income, might be
incorrectly recorded, either in
error or fraudulently, such that it
does not reflect hours worked
or the services provided. * selecting a sample of items included in deferred income at
31 March 2024 and agreeing that the amounts billed per
the invoice are in advance of the work being completed as
specified in the terms and conditions of the contract: and

for milestone contracts, agree to the invoice and deliverable
specified in the terms and conditions of the contract to
assess whether revenue has been recognised in the
appropriate financial year;

+ selecting a sample of items included in accrued income
at 1 March 2024 and agreeing: that amounts accruad agree
to hours recorded on timesheet records that have not been
invoiced; that contracts with the customer are in place for the
work performed; and that amounts accrued have been
invoices post-year end.

We performed the detailed tests above rather than seeking to raly
onany of the Group's controls because our knowledge of the
design of these controls incicated that we would not be able to
obtain the required evidence te support reliance on controls.

-- Assessing transparency: we considered the adequacy
of the Group's disclosures in respect of revenue, deferred
income and accrued income.

alphafme.com


===== page 105 =====
The risk

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 107

‘Our response

Presentation and
disclosure of adjusting
items (alternative
performance measures}

(Adjusting items £14.3m,
FY 23: £18,8m)

Refer to p. 82 (Audit and
Risk Committee Report),
p. 118 faccounting policy)
and pp 121-124

Inappropriate identification
of adjusting items, and
inappropriate presentation
and disclosure of
alternative performance
measures by error:

The disclosure of adjusting
items and alternative
performance measures
(APMs') is subjective.

There is a risk that items are
inappropriately identified as
adjusting items and/or items
classified as adjusting items
or APMSs are disclosed on ari
inconsistent basis (both within
the period and between
periods}, and that clear and
accurate explanation of
adjusting items is not given

in order to manipulate the
presentation of the
performance af the business
‘There is also a risk that undue
prominence is given to APMs.

Our procedures included:

Tests of detail: we assessed the appropriateness of the
presentation of atternative performance measures and adjusting
items by

+ challenging the Group's classification of adjusting items
and APMs through reference to external guidance and
comparison to competitors. Assessing whether the adjusting
items met the Group's definition of adjusting items and
whether that presentation and the presentation of APMs is
on a consistent basis with prior periods;

+ inspecting the Group’s calculations of alternative performance
measures to test the accuracy of the amounts in the
disclosures; and

°
8
3
3
a
a
2
i

* agreeing items separately disclosed to supporting invoice or
Group's calculation and assessing whether they have been
captured accurately.

We performed the tests above rather than seeking to rely on any of
the Group's controls because the nature of the balance is such that
we would expect to obtain audit evidence primarily through the
detailed procedures described

-- Assessing transparency: critically assessing the disclosure
in the Annual Report and Accounts anc considering whether
appropriate prominence has been given to GAAP measures,
ang whether explanations of adjusting items and reconciliations
of alternative performance measures and GAAP measures are
clear and accurate,

Recoverability of parent
Company’s investments
in subsidiaries and
receivables due from
Group entities (parent
Company only)

{Investment carrying value
£70.5m, FY 23: £1.3m,
Receivables due from
Group entities £90.7m,
FY 23; £168.0m)

Refer to p. 82 (Aucit and
Risk Committee Report),
pp 147-148 {accounting
poleyj and p, 149

Recoverability of parent
Company’s investments
in subsidiaries and
receivables due fram
Group entities,

The carrying amount of the
parent Company's investments
in subsidiaries and of the
intra-Group debtor balance
together represents 99%

FY 23: 99%) of tha parent
Company's total assets. Their
recoverability is not at a high
risk of signiftcant misstatement
or subject to significant
judgement. However, due to
their materiality in the context
of the parent Company
financial statements, this is
considered te be the area that
had the greatest effect on our
overall parent company audit.

Cur procedures included;

Test of detail: we assessed the recoverability of the parent
Company investments and intra-Group receivables by
comparing the carrying amount of investments in subsidiaries
(ost-reorganisation} and intra-Group debtors with reference to
the relevant subsidiaries’ draft balance sheets to identify whether
they have net assets and whether those subsidiaries have
historically been profit: making, and comparing to the market
capitalisation of the Group.

We performed the tests above rather than seeking lo rely on any of
the Group's controls because the nature of the balance is such that
we would expect to obtain audit evidence primarily through the
detailed procedures described.

Assessing transparency: assessing the adequacy of the
patent Company's disclosures in respect of investments in
subsiviaries and Group debtor balances.

aiphatme.com


===== page 106 =====
102. Annual Report & Accounts 2024

3. Our application of mate
of the scope of our audit

Materiality for the Group financial statements as a whole was set
at £1.25m (FY 23: £1.5m), determined with reference to a benchmark
of Group profit before tax normalised to exclude acquisition costs,
employment: linked and contingent consideration as disclosed in
note 4, of which it represents 4.9% (FY 23; 4.8%).

Materiality for the parent Company financial statements as a whole
was set al £0,8rn FY 28: £0.7m), which is the comoonent materiality
for the parent Company determined by the Group audit engagement
team, This is lower than the materiality we would otherwise nave
determined with reference to a benchmark of parent Company
total assets, of which it represents 0.4% (FY 23: 0.49%).

lity and an overview

inline with our aucit methodology, cur procedures on individual
account balances and disclosures were performed to a lower
threshold, performance materiality, so as to reduce to an
acceptahie level the risk that individually immaterial misstatements
in individual account balances add up to @ material amount
across the financial statements as a whole

Performance materiality was set at 75% (FY 23: 75%) of materiality
for the financial statements as a whole, which equates to £0.94m
(FY 23; £1.13m) for the Group and £0.45m (FY 23: £0.53m)} for the
parent Company. We applied this percentage in our determination
of performance materiality because we cid not identify any factors
indicating an elevated level of risk,

We agreed to report to the Audit and Risk Committee any
corrected or uncorrected identified misstatements exceeding
£0.06m (FY 23: £0.075m), in addition to other identified
misstatements that warranted reporting on qualitative grounds.

Of the Group's 34 (FY 23: 34) reporting components, we
subjected 7 (FY 23: 7) to full scope audits for Group purposes
and 4 (FY 23; 1} to specified risk-focused audit procedures, The
latter were not individually financially significant enough to require
a full scope audit for Group purposes, but did present specific
individual risks that needed to be addressed. We subjected 1

(FY 23: 1) component to specified risk-focused audit procedures
over revenue, accrued income, deferred income and profit

share accruals.

Group revenue

@ Ful scope for Group audit purposes 2024
Specified risk-focused audit procedures 2024
@ Ful scope for Group audit purposes FY 23

aiphatme.com

Group absolute profit before tax
excluding intercompany

For the residual components, we performed analysis at an
aggregated Group tevel to re-examine our assessment that there
were no significant risks of material misstatement within these.
The camponent materialities rangec from £0.40m to £0.75m

(FY 23: £0.5m to £1.0mi), having regard to the mix of size and risk
profile of the Group across the components. The work on all of
the components (FY 22: all of the components), including the
audit of the parent Company, was performed by the Group team
The Group team performed procedures on the items excluded
from normalised Group profit before tax. The scope of the audit
work performed was predominately substantive as we piaced
limited reliance upon the Group's internal control over

financial reporting.

The components within the scope of our work accounted for
the percentages illustrated below.

Normalised Group profit before
tax adjusted for acquisition
costs, employment-linked and
contingent consideration

Group materiality
£1.25m {FY 23: C1.5m}

£1.25m
Whole financial
statements materiality
FY 23: £1.50m)

£25.7m (FY 23: £31.0m)

£0.94m

Whole financial
statements performance
materiality (FY 23: £1.13¢n)

£0.75m
Range af matenality
at 8 companen's,
(20.40m-£0.75m) (FY
23: £0.53m to £1.13)

Group profit before tax
adjusted for acquisition costs.
empioyment-linked anc
contingent consideration

Group mateniaity

£0.06
Misstatements
reported to the Audit
and Risk Committee

Group total assets {FY 23: £0,08m)

Specited risk-focused audit procedures FY 23
Resrdual components


===== page 107 =====
The remaining 20% (FY 23: 2196) of total Group revenue excluding
intercompany, 16% of Group profit before tax excluding intercompany
(FY 23: 162) and 11% (FY 23: 9%) of totat Group assets is represented
by 26 (FY 23; 26} reporting components, none of which individually
represented more than 456 (FY 23: 3%} of any of total Group revenue,
Group profit before tax excluciing intercompany or total Group
assels. For these components, we performed analysis al an
aggregated Group level to re- examine our assessment that there
were no significant risks of material misstatement within them.

4. Going concern

‘The Directors have prepared the financial statements on the going
concern basis 2s they do not intend to liquidate the Group or the
parent Company or to cease their operations, and as they have
concluded that the Group and the parent Company's financial
position means that this is realistic. They have also concluded that
there are no material uncertainties that could have cast significant
doubt over their ability to continue as a going concern for at least
ayear from the date of epproval of the financial statements

(‘the going concem period")

We used our knowledge of the Group, its industry, and the
general ecanomic environment to identify the inherent risks to its
business rrode! and analysed how those risks might affect the
Group's and parent Company's financial resources or ability to
continue operations over the going concern period, The risk that
we considered most likely to adversely affect the Group's and
parent Company's available financial resources and metrics
relevant to debt covenants over this period was:

forecasted future revenue generation.

We considered whether this risk could plausibly affect the liquidity
in the going concer period by assessing the degree of downside
assumotion that, individually and collectively, could result in a
liquidity issue, taking into account the Group's current and
projected cash and facilities (a “reverse stress test”)

We considered whether the going concern disclosure in note 1
to the financial statements gives a full and accurate desorption
of the Directors’ assessment of going concern, including

the identified risks and dependencies, We assessed the
completeness of the going concer disclosure.

Our conclusions based on this work:

we consider that the Directors’ use of the going concern
basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial
statements is appropriate;

we have not identified, and concur with the Directors’
assessment that there is not, a material uncertainty related

to events or Conditions that, individually or collectively. may
cast significant doubt on the Group's or parent Company's
ability to continue as a going concem for the going concern
period: and

-- we found the going concern disclosure in note 1 to be acceptable.

However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions
and as subsequent events may result in outcomes that are
inconsistent with judgements that were reasonable at the time
they were made, the above conclusions are not a guarantee that
the Group or the parent Company will continue in operation

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 103

5. Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations

~ ability to detect
Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement
due to fraud
To identify risks of material misstatement due to fraud (“fraud risks")
we assessed events or conditions that could indicate an incentive
or pressure to commit fraud or provide an opportunity to commit
fraud. Our risk assessment procedures included:

— enquiring of Directors and the Audit and Risk Committee,
and inspection ot policy documentation as to the Group’s high
‘evel policias and procedures to prevent and detect fraud,
including the Group's channel for "whistieblowing’, as well as
whother they have knowledge of any actual, suspected or
alleged fraud;

2
3
3
3
S
3
2
§
3
es

reading Board and Audit and Risk Committee minutes;

considering remuneration incentive schemes and performance
targets for management and Directors including the adjusted
EPS target for management remuneration; and

using analytical procedures to identity any unusual or
unexpected reiationships.

We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit team
and remained alert to any indications of fraud throughout the audit.

As required by auditing standards, and taking into account
possible pressures to meet profit targets and our overall knowledge
of the control environment, we perform procedures to address the
risk of management override of controls and the tisk of fraudulent
revenue recognition, ini particular:

— the risk that Group management may be in a position to make
inappropriate accounting entries:

the risk of bias in accounting astimates and judgements such
as employmentinked acquisition payments, share-based
payments and contingent consideration; and

— the risk that revenue is recorded in the wrong period,

Further detail in respect of revenue recognition is set out in the
key audit matter disclosures in section 2 of this report, We also
performed procedures inciuding:

-— identifying journal entries and other adjustments to test for all
full scope components based on risk criteria and comparing
the identified entries to supporting documentation. These
included unusual pairings with a credit or debit to an account
above earnings betore interest, tax. depreciation and amortisation,
EBITDA’), with the opposite entry below EB:TDA and unusuat
journals with a credit or debit entry to cash;

identifying revenue transactions to test for all full scope
components based on unusual pairings with a credit or debit
to revenue: and

~ assessing whether the judgements made in making
accounting estimates are indicative of a potential bias.

alphafme.com



===== page 108 =====
104 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

5. Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations
- ability to detect continued

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement
due to non-compliance with taws and regulations

We identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably
be expected to have a material effect on the financial statements
from our general commercial and sector experience, and through
discussion with the Directors and other management (as required
oy auditing standards), and from inspection of the Group's legal
correspondence and discussed with the Directors and other
management, the policies and procecures regarding compliance
with laws and regulations.

We communicated identified laws and regulations throughout our
team and remained alert to any ingications of nan- compliance
throughout the audit. The potential effect of these laws and
regulations cn the financial statements varies considerably.

Firstly, the Group is subject to laws and regulations that directly
affect the financial statements including financial reporting
legislation (including related companies legislation}, distrinutable
profits legislation and taxation legislation and we assessed the
extent of compliance with these laws and regulations as part

of our procedures on the related financial statement items,

Secondly, the Group & subject to many other laws and regulations
where the consequences of non-compliance cauld have a material
affect on amounts or disclosures in the financial statements, tor
ingtance through tha imposition of fines or litigation. Wa identified
the following areas as those most ‘ikely to have such an effect:
anti-bribery, data protection and employment law recognising the
financial nature of the Group's activities. Auditing stancards limit
the required audit procedures to identify non-compiiance with
these laws and regulations to enquiry of the Directors and ather
management and inspection of regulatory and legal correspondenca,
if any. Therefore if a breach of operational regulations is not
cisclosed to us or evident from relavant correspondence, an
audit will not detect that breach.

Context of the ability of the audit to detect fraud or breaches
of law or regulation

Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an
unavoidable risk that we may not have detected some material
misstatements in the financial stataments, even though we have
properly planned and performed our aucit in accordance with
auditing standards. For example. the further removed non-
compliance with laws and regulations is from the events and
transactions reflected in the financial statements, the less likely
the inherently limited procedures required by auditing standards
would identify it

In addition, as with any audit, there remained a higher risk of
non-detection of fraud, as these may involve collusion, forgery,
intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
internal controls. Our audit procedures are designed to detect
material misstatement. We are not responsible for preventing
non-compliance or ‘raud and cannot be expected to detect
non- compliance with ali laws and regulations.

alphafinc.com

6. We have nothing to report on the other
information in the Annual Report

The Directors are responsible fer the other information presented

in the Annual Report together with the financial statements.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other

information and, accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion

or, except as expiicitly stated below, any form of assurance

conclusion thergon,

Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so,
consider whether, based on our financial statements aucit work,
the information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with
the financial statements or cur audit knowledge. Based solely on
that work we have not identified material misstatements in the
other information.

Strategic Report and Directors’ Report
Based solely on our work on the other information:
we have not identitied material misstatements in the Strategic:
Report and the Directors’ Report:
~ in our opinion the information given in those reperts for the
financial year is consistent with the financial statements; and

— In our opinion those reports have been prepared in
accordance with the Companies Act 2006.

7. We have nothing to report on the other matters

on which we are required to report by exception
Under the Companies Act 2006, we are required to report to you
if, in our opinion

— adequate accounting records have not been kept by the
parent Company, of returns adequate for our audit have not
‘been received from branches not visited by us: or

the parant Company financial statements are not in agreement
with the accounting records and returns; or

~ certain disclosures of Directors’ remuneration specified by law
are not made; or

— we have not received all the information and explanations we
require for our audit.

We hava nothing to report in these respects.

8. Respective responsi
Directors’ responsibitities

‘As explained more fully in their statement set out on p. 98, the
Directors are responsible for: the preparation of the financial
statements including being satisfied that they give a true and fair
view: such internal control as they determine is necessary to
enable the preparation of financial statements thal are [ree from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error: assessing
the Group and parent Company's ability to continue as a going
concem, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
‘concern; and using the going concern basis of accounting unless
they either intend to liquidate the Group or the parent Company or
to cease operations, er nave no realistic alternative but to do so.


===== page 109 =====
Auditor's responsibilities

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statoments as a whole are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud cr error, and to issue our opinion inan
auditor's report. Reasonable assurance |s a high level of assurance,
but does not guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it
exists, Misstaternents can arise from fraud or error and are considered
materaal if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be
expected ta influence the economic decisions of users taken on
the basis of the financiat statements.

A tuller description of our responsibilities 1s provided on the FRC's
website at www.tre.org.uk/auditersresponsibilties.

9. The purpose of our audit work and to whom we
owe our responsibilities

This report is made solaly to the Company's members, as a body,
in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act
2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state
to the Company's members those matters we are required to
state to them in an auditor's report and for no other purpose. To
the fullest extent permitted by law, we de not accept or assume
responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the
Company's members, as a body, for our audit work, for this
report, or for the opinions wa have formed

Craig Parkin (Senior Statutory Auditor)
for anc on behalf of KPMG LLP. Sratutors Auc.tor

Chart Accountarts,
EastWest

Tollhous? Hilt

dlourngh ar

NGtSFS

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 = 105

alphatme.com

9
g
3
S
3
®
2
3
 &.
&



===== page 110 =====
106 Annual Report & Accounts 2024



===== page 111 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 107

Financial
Statements

108 Consolidated statement of Lof comprehensive income

409 Consolidated statement of financial postion

10 Consolidated statement of cas ows

111 Consolidated statemant of changes i in eauty

446 Company statement of changes in equity

147 Notes to the Company financial statements

3
Fi
FA
3
8
a
2
i
3

as

Global Head of Investor Services,
Glooat asset Panager

aiphafme.com



===== page 112 =====
108 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Gem Sct. hos Se fat en a .
For the year ended 31 March 2024
Year ended Year ended
31 March 2024 31 March 2023,
Note £'000 £'000
Continuing operations — oo BS
Revenue 2 235,471 228,717
Rechargeable expenses 2 (1,846) (1,562)
Netfeeincome™ 2 233,625 227,155
Cost of sales 2 (155,328) (146,796)
Gross profit - oe "2 78,207 «80,359.
Administration expenses 63,219) (91.723)
‘Operating profit ~ ° 3 25,078 «28,636
Finance income 6 346 364
Finance expense - 6 (2.854) (3.229)
Profitbeforetax ae 92,570 «25,771

Taxation

for

Items that may be reclassified to profit or toss:

Foreign exchange differences on translati oe (1,966) 3,510.
Total other comprehensive income for the year ; 7 (1,966) 3,510
Total comprehensive income forthe year _ ee ee
Basic earnings per share (p} n 13.85 15.82
Diluted earnings per share (p) 1" 12.98 14.79

36 Net fee income, adhusted EBITDA and other alternative perfermance measures are defined and raconcilec in note 4.

alphafme.com


===== page 113 =====
Asat
31 March 2024

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 109

Asat
31 March 2023

Note 2£'000 £7000

Assets OO a —
Non-current assets
Goodwill 12 105.178 103,676
Intangible fixed assets 12 25,078 27,588
Property, plant and equipment ors 947 4413
Right-of-use assets: 7 2.333 4,008
Deferred tax assets 9 2,666 3,033
Capitalised contract fulfilment costs 6 76 108
Totalnon-current assets ne 496,274 139,526
Currentassets ~ ee I
Trade and other receivables 15 42,185 34,128
Casn and cash equivalents 16 29,392 59,215
Total current assets oe _ oe ee oe 71,577 ~ 93,343
Currentiabiities Oe ~
Trade and other payables 7 (46,372) (60,539)
Provisions 8 (6,308) (3,328)
Corperation tax 4,526) 4,321)
Lease liabitties (1.413) 2,104
Total current TT " (62,620) (67,290)

a ~ — ~ “48,057 «26,059.
Deferred tax liabilities 9 2.442) 2.783)
Other non-current tiabitties, 18 3,149) (11,400)
Lease liabilities 7 at47) 2,087)
Total non-current lial a ~ 758) (16,240)
Netassets ~ ~ — _ “148,493 149,339
Equity
Issued share capital at 92 90
Share premium 119.438 119.438
Foreign exchange reserve 5,026 6,992
Other reserves 18,777 17,258
Retained earnings 5,160 5,561
Total shareholders’ equity. 148493 149,339

‘The notes on pp 112-144 form part of these consolidated financial statements. These financial statements ware approved and

authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 20 June 2024.

They were signed on its behalf by:

John C Paton

Luc Mu Baqué
2 Ch ef Finan

Chef Exceut

alehatme.com

Zz
3
3
2
g
a
A
i
&



===== page 114 =====
110 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

For the year ended 31 March 2024

Year ended Year ended
‘31 March 2024 314 March 2023,
Note £000 £000
Cash flows from operating activities: ee ~~
Profit for the year 15,847, 17,961
Taxation 8 6723 7,810
Finance income 6 (848) (364)
Finance expenses 6 2,854 3,229
LossAprofit) fram exchange rate movements on cash held 448 (2,364)
Depreciation charge 714 2,769 1,933
Profit on disposal of fixed assets (44) (14)
Amortisation of intangible fixed assets 12 4,325 4762
Share-based payment charge 22 6.663 7.023
Increase/(decrease) in provisions 18 18 (19)
Working capital adjustments:
Increase in trade and other receivables (7,679) (3,834)
(Decrease}/inorease in trade and other payables (11,170) 7,752
Cashgeneratedfromoperations 20,808 48,875
Tax paid (7.633) (13,285)
Net cash generated from operating acti — 2,775 30,580
Cash flows from investing activities: CB —
interest received 6 346 364
Acquisition consideration payments, including deferred and contingent, net of cash acquired 13 (16,981) (20,829)
Purchase of intangible assets 12 (311) (319)
Purchase of property, plant and equipment, net of disposals (603) (860)
Net cash used in investing activities ee (17,449) (21,644)
Cash flows fromfinancing activities: — CE
Net settlement of vested share options (487) (343)
Purchase of own shares by the EBT (3,643) (1,199)
Drawdown of revolving credit facility 6 10,166 12,500
Repayment of revolving credit facility 6 (10,150) (12,500)
Interest and bank loan fees (1,254) (482)
Principal lease liability payments 7 (1,989) {1,315}
Interest on tease liabilities 7 (308) (216)
Dividends paid 10 (16,246) (12,774)
Netcashusedinfinancingactivities : oe ° (16,269)
crease in cash and cash equivalents ° 7 ) ~ (7,823)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year _ “59,215 «63,516
Effect of exchange rate movements on cash held (1,052) 3,022
Cash and cash equivalents atthe endofthe year §29,392 59,215

alphafme.com


===== page 115 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024117

For the year ended 31 March 2024

Foreign Total
Issued share Share exchange ‘Other Retained shareholders’
capital premium reserve reserves earnings: equity
£000 £000 #000 2'000 £000 £000

As at 1 April 2022 ee ‘39119498 3482S "378 132,745
Comprehensive income
Profit for the year - - - - 17.961 47,961
Fore exchange aferences on translation _ . 3.510 7 . 3,510
Transactions with owners
Shares issued fequity) 1 - - - “ -
Purchase of own shares by the EBT - - - (1,139) - (1,139)
Share-based payment charge - - - 7,023 ~ 7,028
Net settlement of vested share options - - - (343) ~ 843)
Current tax recognised in equity - - - 1,486 - 1,486
Deferred tax recognised in equity - - - 870 ~ 870
Dividends - - - - (12,774) (12,774

As at 31 March 2023 |

"47,258 5,561 149,339

Comprehensive income _
Profit for the year - - - - 15,847 15,847
Foreign exchange differences on translation

of foreign operations - 7 (6,966) ~ - (1.986)
Transactions with owners

Shares issued (equity) 2 - - - Q -
Purchase of own shares by the EBT - - - (3,843) - (3,849)
Share-based payment charge - - - 6,663 - 6,663
Net settlement of vested share options - - - 1457) - (457)
Current tax recognised in equity - - ~ 569 -

Deferred tax recognised in equity - - - (1,413) ~

Dividends (16,246)
Asat3iMarch2024. (92 119,438 5026 18,777 5,60

Issued share capital
issued share Capital represents the nominal vaiue of share capital subscribed,

Share premium

‘The share premium account is used to record the aggregate value of premiums paid whan the Company's shares are issued at a
premium, net of assoviated share issuance costs.

Foreign exchange reserve

The foreign exchange reserve represents exchange differences that arise on consolidation from the translation of the financial
statements of foreign subsidiaries, including goodwill.

Other reserves

The other reserves represent the cumulative fair value of the IFRS 2 share-based payment charge recagnised each year, associated
ourrent tax, deterred tax and net settlement of vested share options, equity-settled acquisition consideration reserves, and purchases of
the Company's own shares by the employee benefit trust (EBT).

Retained earnings

The retained earnings reserve represents cumulative net profits and losses recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive
income. less dividends paid.

alphatme.com

Jaques leloueul4


===== page 116 =====
112 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

1, Summary of significant accounting poticies
General information

The principal activity of the Group is the provision of specialist
consulting and related services to clients in the financial services
industry, principally in the UK, North America, Eurose and APAC.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting pic is incorporated in England
and Wales with registered number 09965297, The Company is a
public limited cornpany and is listed on the AIM of the London
Stock Exchange. Its registered office is 60 Gresham Street,
London, EC2V 7BB.

The consolidated financial statements were authorised for issue
in accordance with a resolution of the Directors on 20 June 2024.

Basis of preparation

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with UK-adopted international accounting standards.

These financial statements have been prepared under the
historical cost basis, except for certain financial instruments that
are measured at fair value.

Thea presentational currency of these financial statements is pound:
sterling. All amounts in these financia| statements have been
rounded to the nearest £1,000, oxcept where otherwise stated.

Going concern
in assessing the Group's and the Company's abiities to continue
on a going concern basis for a period of at least 12 months from
the approval of these financial statements ithe “going concern
period”), the Directors consiciered the Group's projected cash
flows, cash liquidity and existing undrawn borrowing facilities

As at 31 March 2024, the Group held considerable financial
resources inciuding cash balances of £29.4m. The Group also
has access, throughout the going concem period, to a revolving
credit facility RGF”) of £50.0m, providing further liquidity, See
note 6 for details of the Group’s banking facility, and also note 23
for details of the financial risks facing the Group.

The Group prepared cash-flow forecasts covering the going
concern period. The base case assumes trading performance
over the forecast period in line with the Board-aporoved budget,
reflecting recovery to growth in FY 25 at slightly improved margins.
including future non-cperating cash flows related to dividends,
deferred consideration and earn-oul payments due, The Directors
considered the principal risks and mitigants fas set out on pp 57-60)
and analysed a range of cash-flow downside scenarios including
a “reverse-stress test” scenario. This models the decline in sales
that the Group would be able to absorb over the going concem
period before utilising all of the existing cash reserves available,
while assuming the maximum Lionpoint and Shoreline acquisition
payments. The Directors consider this scenario and the sequence
of events that could lead lo it to be remote, as it requires annualised
revenue reductions of over 30% compared to the base case,
before modelling any mitigating cost reductions, assuring no
dividends are paid and no further funding of the EBT is provided
in the period, The Group's £50.0m RCF remains fully undrawn in
all going concern scenarios

While cognisant of the more challenging market environment
experienced in FY 24, the Directors look forward with confidence:
for the Graup to return to historic growth and profitability levels achieved,

After careful consideration of the scenarios, the Directors hava a
reasonable expectation that the existing resources of the Group
and the Company are adequate to meet their requirements over
the going concern period, On this basis, the Directors consider
that it is appropriate to adopt the going concem basis in preparing
the financial statements.

alphafme.com

Additionally, the Board has considered the going concern
assessment in light of the recommendad cash offer for the
acquisition of 100% of the Company's issued share capital by
Actium Bides (UK) Limited ("Bidco"}, an indirect subsidiary of certain
funds managed by Bridgevoint Advisers Limited (‘Bridgepaint’)

ithe “Acquisition”, which is subject to shareholder approval.

Whilst the current Board is not expected to continue in its current
form following completion of the Acquisition, the Directors have
considered the strategic plans and intention statements of

Bicico around the operation of the Group, potential initiatives

10 accelerate growth and scale existing Group businesses,
outlined in the recommended cash offer announcement dated

20 June 2024 made pursuant to Rule 2,7 of the Takeover Code.
itis also currently expected that the Company will remain in
existence as an intermediate holding company uncer the potential
new Acquisition structure during the going concem period.

Considering these factors and information available te the Board
at this stage, alongside the Board's current understanding of the
potential Acquisition structure, the Board is not aware of any
reason to change its going concern assessment.

Basis of consolidation

‘These financial statements consolidate the financial staternents of
the Company and its subsidiary undertakings (the “Group’) as at
31 March 2024,

Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date of acquisition,
being the date on which the Group obtains control, and continue
+0 be consolidated until the date that such control ceases, The
financial statements of subsidiaries are prepared for the same
reporting period as the parent company, using consistent
accounting policies.

Allintra-Group balances, income and expenses and unrealised
gains and losses resulting from intra-Group transactions are
eliminated in full.

Principal accounting policies

The princieal accounting policies adopted in the preparation of
these consolidated financial statements are set out below:

Significant judgements and estimates

The preparation of financial information in accordance with
IFRS requires management to make judgements, estimates and
assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies
and reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses.

in the process of applying the Group's accounting policies, the
Directors have made two judgements (excluding those involving
estimations), which are considered to have a significant effect on
the financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2024.

To assist in understanding the underlying performance of the
Group, management presents various alternative performance
measures (‘APMS"}, which exclude certain adjusting items, APMs
are provided to allow stakeholdars a further understanding of the
underlying trading performance of the Group and to aid comparability
between accounting periods. Management applies judgement to
identify those adjusting items that warrant exclusion from the
Group's adjusted measures to allow stakeholders a further
understanding of the underlying performance of the business.
These aojusting tems nave been applied consistently across reporting
periods. A reconciliation to IFRS measures, and explanation of
each adjusting item excluded, is provided in note 4.


===== page 117 =====
All adjusting lems are considered individually for exclusion by
virtue of their nature or size. in the year ended 31 March 2024,
these items totalled £14.3m (FY 23: £15.8m) recognised in
administration exoenses. A further £1.6m (FY 23: £2.4m) of
non-underlying costs were recagnised within finance expenses.

Revenue is the Group's most significant caption in the consolidated
statement of comprehensive income. Whilst the majarity of the
Group's revenue is contracted on a time and materiais basis, the
Group also has some fixed-price milestone contracts. The recognition
of revenue on such contracts involves consideration of the detailed
contractual terms agains! the requirements of IFRS 15. The key
judgements inciude assessment of whether revenue should be
recagnisedt over time or at a point in time, and whether the performance
obligations under the contract have been mat at the balance
sheet date, to best reflect the transfer of services through the

life of each contract,

Further information regarding the methods used to recognise
revenue for both time and materials and milestene contracts
is provided in the Group's accounting policy, as detailed on ps. 117.

A number of estimates have been made in the preparation of the
financial statements. The underlying assumptions in the Group's
estimates are based on historical experience and various ether
factors that are deemed to be reasonable under the circumstances.
‘These assumptions form the basis of calculating estimates of the
carrying values of assets and liabilities tinat are not apparent from
other sources, Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed
‘onan ongoing basis. Changes to estimates are recognised in the
year in which the estimate is revised and any future years
affected. Actual results can differ from these estimates.

‘The Directors have not identified any key estimates that are
considered to have a significant risk of a material adjustment
within the next financial year. However, the Directors have
identified one other area of estimation uncertainty.

Management hes estimated the share-based payment expense
under IFRS 2. in determining the share-based payment expense
and the associated social security tax thereon, management has
considered several intemal and external tactors to jucige the probability
that management and empleyee share incentives may vest and to
assess the fair value of share options at the cate of grant. Such
assumptions involve estimating future performance, share price
and other factors. The fair value calculations have been assessed
by a third-party expert for reasonableness in the current and prior
periods. Refer to note 22 for sensitivity analysis

yw Ts upreeat

All property, piant and equioment are stated at historical cost (or
deemed historical cost} less accumulated depreciation. Cost
includes the original purchase price of the asset and the costs
attributable to bringing the asset to its working condition for its
intended use.

Depreciation is applied on all property, plant and equipment at
rates calculated to write each asset down to its estimated residual
value on a straight-line basis at the following annual rates

Tangible fixed asset Useful economic life

Leasehold improvements 3-10 years
Fixtures and fittings 2-4 years
Computer equipment years

113

Annual Repart & Accounts 2024

Useful economic lives and estimated residual values are reviewed
annually and adjusted as appropriate.

Business continuations, quoctwsll ane ¢oeider stan

Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition
method as at the acquisition date, which is the date on which
controls transferred ta the Group. identifiable assets acauired
and liabiities assumed in a business combination are measured
at their fair values at the acquisition date,

Goodwil arises when the fair value of the consideration for a business
exceads the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired,

in determining the fair value of intangible assets arising on a
business combination, management assesses the timing and
amount of future cash flows applicable to the intangible assets
being acquired, discounted using an appropriate discount rate.
The estimated cash flows are based on current budgets and
forecasts, extrapolated for an appropriate period, considering
growth rates and expected changes to selling prices and operating
costs. Management estimates an appropriate discount rate using
post-tax rates thai reflect current market assessment of the time
value of money and the risks specific to the business baing
acquired (see note 12),

In line with 14S 21 para 47, goodwill arising on the acquisition of a
foreign operation is held in local currency and is retranslated into
the Group's presentational currency at €ach reporting date using
the closing foreign exchange rate.

‘Goodwill is initially recognised and measured as set cut above,
Goodwill is not amortised but is reviewed for impairment at least
annually a8 descrioad below.

Goodwill is tested for impairment annually or, more frequently,
when there is an indication of impairment. For the purpose of
impairment testing, goodwil is allocated to each of the Group's
cash-generating units ("CGUs") or groups of cash-generating
units expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination
The GGUs have been grouped in tine with the Group's operating
segments as this is the level at which goodwill is monitored by
management, Therefore, the groups of CGUs considered for
impairment testing are UK, North America and Europe & APAC.

‘The Group performs impairment reviews at the reporting period
and te identify any goodwill assets that have a carrying value that
is in excess of its recoverab'e amount, Determining the recoverabilty
of goodwill requires judgement in both the methodology applied
and the key assumptions within that methodology, If is determined
that an impairment is required, the carrying value of the goodwill
is reduced to its recoverable amount with the difference recorded
as an impairment charge in the consolidated statement ot
comprehensive incorne. Any impairment loss recognised for
goodwill is not reversed.

in accordance with IAS 36, the Group has tested goodwill for
impairment at the balance sheet date. No goodwill impairment
was deemed necessary at 31 March 2024.

alphatme.com

Z
z
FA
8
g
2
g
=
g
3
$
G
3



===== page 118 =====
114. Annual Report & Accounts 2024

1. Summary of siqnificant accounting policies
continued

Deferred and contingent consideration may arise on acquisitions.
Deferred consideration arises when settlement of all or part of the
cost of business combination falis due alter the acquisition was
completed. Contingent consideration arises where consideration
is dependent on the future performance of the acquired company.

Deferred and contingent consideration associated with ousiness
combinations that is to be settled in cash is assessed in fine with
agreed contractual terms. Consideration payable is discounted
for the time value of money and recognised as capital investment
cost at fair value when the deferred or contingent consideration is
not empioymentinked. Alternatively, where amounts payable are
contingent upon future employment, these amounts are recognised
as a remuneration expense over the deferral or contingent
performance period.

In circumstances where there is an option to settle in the form
of cash or a variable number of shares, the Group recognises a
financial ability for the fair value of the discounted consideration.
Where consideration is settled in a fixed number of shares, the
consideration is classified as equity, it is not remeasured, and
settlement is accounted for within equity.

Subsequent to the acauisition date, amounts relating to
deferred consideration are measured at amortised ccst.
Contingent consideration amounts are recognised at fair value
through the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

Ateach balance sheet date, the fair value of contingent
consideration is measured using level 3 inputs in accordance with
the fair vatue hierarchy and as such these calculations contain
estimation uncertainty, as they relate to future performance.

The key inputs associated with the valuation of these liabilities
inciucle the potential future cash flows of each acquired business,
the jikelihood of an earn-out payment being made and estimating
an appropriate discount rate to apply to these future cash flows
Changes to these assumptions that support the fair value ars
recognised within administration expenses as an adjusting item
For further detail see notes 13 and note 23

Changes in the carrying value of deferred and contingent
consideration liabilities associated with the passage of time
are recognised as a finance cost.

Consideration payments, including all deferred and cantingent
consideration paid in the year, are reported within investing
activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows, except
for employment-linked payments, which are reported within
operating activities.

Other intangible assets
Intangibie assets acquired in a business combination are initially
recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is
regarded as their cost). After initial cecagnition, intangible assets
acquired in a business combination are reported at cost less
accumulated amortisation and any impairment losses.

alphafme.com

Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are
identified and recognised separately from goodwill where they
satisty the definition of an intangible asset under /AS 38. Such
assets are only recognised if either.

~ they are capabie of being separated or divided from the Group
and sold, transierred, licensed, rented or exchanged, either
individually or together with a related contract, identifiable
asset or lability, regardless of whether the Group intends to
do so; or

they arise from contractual or other legal rights, regardless of
whether those rights are transferable or separable from the
entity or from other rights and obligations.

The cost of such intangible assets is “heir fair value at the acquisition
date. All intangible assets acquired through business combination
are amortised over their estimated useful lives. The significant
intangibles recognised by the Group, their useful economic lives
and the methods used to determine the cost of the intangibles
acquired in business combinations are as follows, These useful
lives are re-assessed at each reporting date:

Intangible asset Useful fi _Valuation method
Customer Multi-period excess
relationships 4-12 years earnings method
Intellectual ,

troperty 7 years Relief from royalty method
Trade name 4-15 years Relief from royalty method
Order backlog 1-2 years Multi-period excess

earnings method

Capitalised development costs represent the costs incurred in the
development of internally generated software, primarily within the
Aivic business.

Ausetul economic life of three years has been deemed
appropriate based on the expected project lifecycte in
development of new software. The amortisation charge is
recagnised in administration expenses within the consolidated
statement of comprehensive income.

Foreign exchange

Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the re'evant
entity's functional currency at the average foreign exchange rate
in the month of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities
denominated in foreign currencies at the balance sheet date are
retranstated to the functional currency at the foreign exchange
rate ruling at that date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that
are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are
translated using the average exchange rate in the month of the
transaction and are not retransiated. Foreign exchange differences
arising on translation to functional currency are recognised in
administration expenses.

The revenues and expenses of foreign operations are transiated
to the Group’s functional currency at the average foreign exchange
rate in the month of the date of the transactions, The assets and
liabilities of foreign operations, including goodwill and fair value
adjustments arising on consolidation, are translated to the Group's
presentational currency, pound sterling, at foreign exchange rates
ruling at the batance sheet date. Foreign exchange differences
arising on rétranslation of assets and liabilities relating to foreign
operations are recognised in other comprehensive income. Exchange
differences on translation of foreign operations may be reclassified
subsequently to profit or loss when specific conditions are met.


===== page 119 =====
Fraccreh nstrurnents
‘The Group uses financial instruments comprising cash and cash
equivalents, borrowings, and other short-term instruments, such
as trade payables that arise from its operations. The main purpose
of these financial instruments is to fund the Group's business
strategy and working capital requirements.

Accounting policies in respect of financial instruments are
outlined below.

Financial assets are initially measured at fair value plus or minus,
in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or
foss, transaction costs. The Group has not reclassified any financial
assets Subsequent {0 initial recognition as at the balance sheet
date. Reclassification of classes of financial assets is accounted
for prospectively in accordance with FRS 8, where this is required.
Any difference on reclassification from amortised cost to fair value
‘through prott or loss is recognised in the statement of comprehensive
income at the reclassification date.

‘The Group recognises an expected credit less provision in relation
to financial assets. The simplified method is applied to the
Group's trade receivables as described below. The Group's
expected cresit loss provision on all other financial assets is.
immateriat as the probability of default is low. Movements in the
expected credit [08s provision are recognised in profit or foss.
Refer to note 15 for further details,

Refer to note 23 for the disclosure of financial assets measured
at amortised cost.

Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at fair value,
aqual to the transaction price, and subsequently measures at
amnortised cost less provision for impairment. The trade receivables
balances recorded in the Group's statement of financial position
are held until realised in cash.

The Group provides services to customers on credit terms with
mainly arrears billing. Certain receivables may not be paid. The
Group appiies the iF RS 9 simplified approach to measuring
expected credit losses, which uses a lifetime expected loss
allowance for all trade receivables. To measure expected credit
losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on shared
credit characteristivs and the days past due. The Group considers
historical loss rates for each ageing category as a starting point
for estimating the expected crecit joss, This historical loss rate is
subsequently adjusted for macro-economic and custamer-specific
factors of receivables within each ageing category. Charactenstics
considered by the Group for these purposes include: historicab
collection experience tor each customer; the assessed liquidity of
key customers within the receivables balance; and other relevant
macro-economic factors in order te determine a reasonable and
supportable assessment of the expected Ietime credit risk in the
context af the overall year-end trade receivables due.

Gash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances that are
recorded and subsequently measured at amortised cost in line
with IFRS 9. Bank averdrafts that are repayable on demand and
are included as a component of cash and cash equivalents for
the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows.

Annual Report & Accounts 2024115

The Group may use denvative financial instruments to manage its,
exposure to foreign exchange and other risks, The Group dees
not use derivative fmangial instruments for speculative purposes.
Derivatives are recorded at their fair vaiue in the consolidated
statement of financial position. Gains and fosses on these
instruments are recognised immediately in the consolidated
statement of comprehensive income. A derivative with 4 positive
fair value is recognised as a financial asset whereas a derivative
with a negative fair value is recognised as a financial liabiity.
The Group has not formally designated any derivative financial
instruments to quality for hedge accounting. See note 23 for
further details.

Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value,
equat fo the transaction price, and are subsequently measured at
amortisadi cost. Trads payables due within one year are not discounted.

Reter to note 23 fer the disclosure of financial liabilities measured
at amortised cost and fair value.

Provisions are distinct from other liabilities as there is uncertainty
over the timing or amount of the cash outflow required to settle
the liability, Provisions are measured at the present value of the
expenditure expected to be required to settle the obligation, The
Group appties a “most likely outcome” approach in vaiuing these
obligations, as this is most appropriate for the type of provisions
which the Group holds. These are discounted to present value
using an appropriate pre-tax discount rate, where the time value
of money is material. Refer to note 18 for detail of classes of
provisions and further detail on material assumptions.

2 guowewig puews

All loans and borrowings are initially recognised at fai value, equal
to the value of amounts revived. Borrowings are subsequently
stated at amortised cost; any difference betwesn the proceeds
and the redemption value is recognised in the statement of
comprehensive income over the period of the borrowings using
the effective interast method.

imparement 3¢ non financial issets

The carrying amounts of the entity’s non-financial assets, other
than deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each reporting date te
determine whether there is any indication of impairment. It any
such indication exists, then the asset's recoverable amount is
estimated. The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the
greater of its value in use and its fair value, less costs to sell

In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are
discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
reflects current market assessments of the time value of money
and the risks specific to the asset.

For the purposes of impairment testing. assets that cannot be
tested individually are grouped together into the smallest group of
assets that generates independent cash inflows {the CGU}; that is,
cash inflows from continuing use that are largely indepandent of
the cast inflows of otter assets or groups of assets.

aiphatine.com


===== page 120 =====
116 Annuai Report & Accounts 2024

th

1. Summary of significant accounting policies
continued

‘An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an
asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable amount
impairment losses are recognised in the statement of comprehensive:
income. Impairment losses recognised in respect of CGUs are
allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill
allocated to the units and then te reduce the carrying amounts

of other assets in the CGU (or group of CGUs) on a pro-rata basis.

An impairment loss relating to non-financial assets, excluding
goodwill, is reversed if and only if, the reasons for the impairment
have ceased to apply.

Impairment losses recognised in prior years are assessed at each
reporting date for any indication that the foss has decreased or no
longer exists. An impairment loss is only reversed to the extent
that the asset's carrying amount does not exceed the carrying
amount that would have ben determined, net of depraciation

or amortisation. if no impairment loss had been recognised.

Right-of-use assets are accounted for in ine with the “Leases”
section below.

Current and deterred tax,

Current and deferred tax ig recagnised in the consolidated
statement of comprehensive income, except in relation to
share-based payments where the amount of the tax deduction
exceeds the amount of the related cumulative share-based
payment charge, in which case itis recognised in equity.

Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the
taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively
enacted at the balance sheet date, and any adjustment to tax
payable in respect of previous periods.

Deferred tax is provided using the balance sheet lability approach,
providing for temporary differences between the carrying amounts
of assets and ‘abilities for financial reporting purposes and the
amounts used for taxation purposes. The amount of deterred tax
provided is based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement
97 the carrying amount of assets and liabilities, using tax rates
enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each
balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is na longer
probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow ali
or part of the asset to be recovered. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are offset when there is a legaily enforceadle right to set
off current tax assets against current tax liabilities, and when they
relate to taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the Group
intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

tes
The Group ‘eases office premises in various jurisdictions. Leases
are negotiated on an individual basis, and for a variety of terms
over which rentals are fixed, Leases may contain a break clause
or options te extend for a further period at the then prevailing
market rate, Rental agreements to which IFRS 16 has been
applied span anywhere between 12 months and 10 years.
Contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components.
Non-lease components are separately identifiable and are
excluded from the recognition of the lease under IFAS 16.

alphatme.com

The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other
than the security interests in the leased assets that are held
by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for
borrowing purposes

On initial recognition of a new lease, the lease liability is recognised
as the present value of future payments, discounted using the
incremental borrawing rate (‘IBR"), unless the interest rate implicit
to the lease is available for use.

Lease payments to be made subsequent to optional termination
options have been included within the lease liability measurement,
where it is reasonably certain that such options will be exercised.

Lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit

in the lease. If that rate cannot be easily determined, the IBR is
applied, being the rate that the incividual lessee would have to
pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar
vatue to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment
with similar terms, security and conditions. in determining the
IBR, the Group has made adjustments for relevant factors such
as lease term, lease value, country and asset-specific considerations.

The Group accounts for lease payments by allocating them ta a
finance cost element and against the lease liability. The finance
cost is charged to the statement of comprehensive income over
the lease period.

When the Group revises ils estimate of the lerm of any lease

(for example, if a significant change in circumstances within the
Group’s control indicates a reassessment is anpropriate}, the
Group adjusts the carrying amount of the lease liability to reflect
the payments to make over the revised term, which are discounted
using a revised discount rate. In such cases, an equivalent adjustment
is made to the carrying value of the right-of-use asset, with the
revised carrying amount being amortised over the remaining
(revised) lease term. It the carrying amount of the right-of-use
asset is adjusted to zero, any further reduction is recognised in
the statement of comprehensive incorne,

‘The Group has no material exoosure to variable lease payments
that qualify for accounting treatment under IFRS 16,

The right-of-use asset for lease agreements entered into after
transition date is measured on initial recognition as the amount
equal to the lease iiability, less any lease incentives, plus any initial
direct costs, Right-of-use assets are depreciated over the shorter
of the asset's useful life anc the lease term on a straight-line basis.

‘The Group has used the practical expedients permitted by IFRS 16
in relation to accounting for leases with a lease term of less than
12 months as “short-term leases”, and those with a low value as
“low-value leases”, Consequently, nc lease liability or righi-of-use
asset is calculated thereon, These leases are expensed in the
statement of comprehensive income. The Group alse applies the
practical expedient to combine leases with similar characteristics
to & portfolio of leases for the purpose of applying the
requirements of IFRS 18.

See note 7 for further details on the Group's leasing arrangements.


===== page 121 =====
Ruvenue recagmitan

Revenue consists of the value of work executed for clients during
the year and expenses recharged, exclusive of VAT. Revenue is
classified inte net fee income and recharged expenses. Net fee
income represents the Group's personnel, subcontractor and
related expertise and services soid to clients, Recharged expenses
's the recharge of costs incidental to fultiling contracts including
flights, subsistence and accommadation an which nil or negligible
margin is earned by the Group.

‘The Group delivers services that have no ekternative use to Aloha
fadvice to clients, reports, etc.) as the services are specifically
tailored to clients’ projects and scope of work. The significant
majority of the Group's revenue is contracted on a time and
materials basis, where the periarmance obligation is ta provide
consultancy resources at agreed day rates, For such contracts,
revenud is recognised over time, as consultant days worked
are delivered. Modifications or extensions to such projects are
recognised as services are delivered. Significant extensions,
where the scope or price of the coniract increases, are treated
as separate contracts. Contracts accounted for on a time and
materials basis are billed incrementally, typically monthiy, for
incurred time and materials.

Revenue recognition for fixed-fee projects is based on the
satisfaction of performance obligations in fine with contractual
project milestones, depending on the nature of the performance
obiigations for the project, Material scope changes are managed
via a new agreement with the client. Fixed-fee projects are typically
billed in accordance with the nature of the performance obligations
when a right to payment crystallises.

For most fixed-fee milestone projects, revenue is recognised at
a point in time upon delivery of each performance obligation and
tnese projects are typically billed as contractual milestones are
delivered anc the right to payment exists. Contractual milestones
are only treated as separate performance obligations by the
Group when they are distinet from the other elements in the
contract and could provide a benefit to the customer without
further work being completed. In limited circumstances, revenue
from fixed fee milestone projects is recognised over time where
the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance
compieted to date, before the contractual milestone has been
fully delivered.

Revenue relating to right-to-access software jicensing fees is
recognised over time, as the benefits of the software are consumed
by the customer over the licence period. Associated implementation
and other services are recognised in jine with the underlying
performance obligation, either over the contractual hence period
where the associated service 1s nat distinct from the licence, or in
line with the work parformed where the service provided is deemed
distinct from the underlying licence, Tris assessment is made at a
contractual level based on the level of interdependency between
the promises in each related contract,

Revenue is wholly attributable to the principal activtties of the
Group. For all revenue types, payment is typically due between
30 ana 6G days after the invoice date or receipt of invoice,
depending on the client and geography.

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 117

Activity performance recognised as revenue in excess of invoices
raised are contract receivables and are included within accrued
income, up te the value of the relevant project delivery milestone,
where applicable, On invoicing, the contract receivable is reciassified
to trade receivables.

Where amounts have been invoiced in excess of work performed
and revenue recognised, the excess is a contract liability and is
included within deferred income, valued in line with the nature of
the project and related performance obligations as described

above and recognised in future periods.
Co

f i

Cost of sales is defined by management as the direct costs
associated with the generation of the Group's revenue, including
staff payroll and contractor costs that are directly attributabte to
the delivery of services and supporting growth.

Rechargeabie expenses, including travel and subsistence directly
recharged to the Group's clients as part of revenue generation,
are presented within the “rechargeable expenses" line within the
Group's statement of comprehensive income.

Costs directly attrioutable to the fulfilment of unsatisfied or partially
unsatisfied performance obligations on customer contracts are
recognised as an asset where these costs generate or enhance
resources of the Group and the costs are expected to be recovered,
These costs principally relate to partially completed milestones
on fixed-tee contracts and non-cistinet software implementation
costs incurred in advance of the commencement of the client's
licence period on Aiviq contracts. These cos!s are recognised in
the consolidated income statement at the point of revenue recognition
{or fixed-foe milestone projects, or are amortised to the consolidated
income statement over the licence period for non-distinat
software implementation costs.

Adm yistratzon expenses
Administration excenses are defined by management as costs
incurred by the Group that are not directly associated with the
generation of revenue. This includes items such as head office
staff costs, recruitment and professional fees end iT services,
which are expensed as incurred. Administration expenses exclude
finance income and expenses and taxation, which are presented
separately in the income statement,

Segmental reporting
An operating segment is a component of the Group:

(} that engages in business activities from which it may earn
revenues and incur expenses {including ravenues and
expenses relating to transactions with otner components
of the same Group);

i

whose operating results are regulatly reviewed by the Board
of Directors in order to make decisions about resources to be
allocated to that component and asssss its performance; and

(i) for which ciscrete financial information is available.

Operating segments are regorted in a manner consistent with the
internal reporting provided to the chiet operating decision maker,
2s requiad by IFRS 8 Operating Segments, The chief oparating
desision maker is respansibis for allocating resources and
assessing performance of the operating seaments and has

been kentified as the Board of Directors,

alphafne.com

z
Fs
8
2
2
2
FH
s



===== page 122 =====
1. Summary of significant accounting policies
continued

The accounting policies of the reportable segments are consistent
with the accounting policies of the Group as a whole. Segment
profit represents the gross profit earned by each segment without
allacation of administration exnenses, interest payable and tax.
This is the measure of profit that is reported to the Board of Diractors
for the purpose of resource allocation and the assessment of
segment performance.

The Board regularly reviews consolidated operating results to
make decisions about tne financial and organisational resources
of the Group and to assess overall performance.

Employge benefits

A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan
under which the Group pays fixed contributions into a separate
entity and will have a legal or constructive obligation to pay further
amounts. Contrioutions to defined contrioution schemes are charged
to the statement of comprehensive income as they become
payabto in accordance with the rules of the schema. Differences
between contributions payable in the year and contributions paid
are shown as either accruals or prepayments in the consolidated
statement of financial position.

The cost of share-based employee compensation arrangements,
whereby employees receive remuneration in the form of shares or
share options, is recognised as an employee benefit expense in
the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

The total expense to be apportioned over the vesting period of
the benefit is determined by reference to the fair value (excluding
the effect of non-market-based vesting conditions) at the date
of grant.

In determining the fair value of share-based payments under IFRS
2, management has considered a number of internal and external
factors in order to judge the probabilty that management and
employee share incentives may vest. Such judgements involve
estimating future performance and other non-market-based factors.

At the end of each reporting period the assumptions under'ying
the number of awards expected to vest are adjusted for the effects
of non-market-based vesting conditions to reflect the conditions
prevailing at that date. The impact of any revisions to the original
estimates is recognised in the statement of comprehensive
income, with a corresponding adjustment to equity. Fair value is
measured by the use of a binomial model. The assumoations have
been adjusted, based cn management's best estimate, for the
effects of non-transferabilty, lack of dividend until vesting and
exercise restrictions.

The fair value calculations in both the current and prior years
have been externally assessed and deemed reasonable in
the circumstances.

Aiter vesting, the Group satisfies share option exercises either
through the issuance of new ardinary shares, or through the
transfer of existing shares held in the Company's EBT to the
employee. Any share options not exercised upon vesting remain
outstanding until the end of the contracted exercise period.

An associated employers’ social security tax liability on these
share options is accrued through the vesting period to align with
the payment due upon exercise, The value of this liability at the
balance sheet date is assessed by reference to the estimated
future share price on exercise, where applicable.

alphafme.com

The Group operates a profit share bonus and other bonus
schemes that aim to pay employees a percentage of an individual's
salary, subject to country or regional-level corporate performance
in the period. The profit share is accrued at each reporting date,
based on management's best estimates of the staff bonuses to
be paid considering the overall financial performance and is
recognised as an employee benefit expense in the consolidated
statement of comprehensive income, The profit share and bonus
accrual is not considered to be a significant estimate due to the
proximity and certainty of the payment at the reporting date.

Short-term employee benefits, including holiday pay and medical
cate, are accrued as services are rendered.

Earnings per share

The Group presents basic and diluted earnings per share ("EPS"),
on both a statutory and adjusted basis. Basic EPS is calculated
by dividing the profit or loss for the year attributable to ordinary
shareholders by the weighted average number of ordinary shares
outstanding during the year.

The Group applies the “treasury share method” in calculating the
weighted average number of dilutive ordinary shares used in the
calculation of diluted EPS, unde’ which only the bonus element of
potentially dilutive shares is reflected in the denominator. Sonus
shares represent the number of shares that could be issued to
satisfy share option awards granted to employees under the Group’s
management incentive plan (°MIP") an employee incentive plan
(CEIP"), net of shares covered by the assumed proceeds to be
received for these awards in the future. For further detail on these
plans, please see note 22.

These share options are only included in the calculation of dilutive
shares where the performance conditions, excluding employment
conditions, are deemed to be satisfied at the balance sheet date
The inclusion of such potentially dilutive shares is weighted based
on the period in which the share options were outstanding in the
year. Potentially dilutive shares are only treated as dlilutive when
their conversion to ordinary shares would decrease EPS (or
increase loss per share).

For the purpose of calculating adjusted EPS the same adjustments
as set out in note 4 are made te the Group's profit for the
financial year.

Alternative performance measures

In order to provide further information on the underlying perlormance
of the Group, the Group uses alternative performance measures
(APMs"), The measures are not defined under IFRS and they may
not be directly comparable with other companies’ adjusted measures.
These non-GAAP measures are not intended! to be a substitute
(or, or superior to, any IFRS measures of performance, but have
been included as the Directors consider them to be helpful
measures used within the business for assessing the underlying
performance of the Group across periods. The disclosure of
these measures within the financial statements is designed to
provide the user with acadrtional relevant information, and to
supplement those measures disclosed uncer IFRS. The Group
performs a reconciliation for each APM, which includes disclosure
of the most direcly reconcilabie ine item, subtotal or total presented
under IFRS within the financial statements. For further details
please refer to note 4,

Diidends

Dividends proposed by the Board are recognised in the financial
Statements when they have been approved by shareholders at
the AGM, Interim dividends are recognised when they are paid.


===== page 123 =====
Audit exemptions for UK subsidiaries

Certain UK-registered subsidiaries have taken advantage of the
Parent company guarantee exemption to prepare unaudited
accounts in accordance with s479A of the Companies Act 2008.
The name and registered number of each subsidiary taking
advantage of the audit exemption are shown below:

Registered
‘Company ee ___ humber
Aivig Limited 41480862
Axxsys Limited 04967647
Obsidian Solutions Limited 09737564
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting MENA Limited __ 14638009

A full ist of subsidiary undertakings is disclosed in note 2 of the
Company financial statements on pp 149-150.

New accounting standards and interpretations

The folowing changes in accounting policies were applied by the
Group in these consolidated financial staternents for the year

ended 31 March 2024. These included the adoption of new
standards and interpretations described below.

The International Accounting Standards Board ( ASB") and
IFRS |nterpretations Committee (“IFRIC”) have issued the following
Standards, amendments and interpretations, which are now effective:

IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts, effective from January 2023
Amendments to FRS 17, effective from 1 January 2023.

Disclosure of Accounting Policies (Amendments to IAS 1 and
IFRS Practice Statement 2), effective from 1 January 2023.

— Definition of Accounting Estimates (Amendments to ‘AS 8),
effective from 1 January 2023

~ Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a
Single Transaction (Amendments to IAS 12), effective from
1 January 2023.

International Tax Reform — Pilar Two Model Rules:
{Amendments to IAS 12) - Application of the exception
and disclosure of that fact, effective from 23 May 2023

— International Tax Reform ~ Pillar Two Model Rules
(Amendments to [AS 12) — other disclasure requirements,
effective from 1 January 2023,

International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Medel Rules
(Amendments to the ‘IFRS for SMEs’ Standard). effective
from 29 September 2023 (not yet endorsed by the Uk).

The Directors reviewed the nature and effect of these new
standards on the Group and noted na material impact on
the financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2024.

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 119

The following other standards, interpretations and amendments to
existing standards have been issued but were not mandatory for
accounting periods beginning on + April 2023 and are not
expected to nave a material impact an the Group:

IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosures in financia’ statements,
effective from 1 January 2027 {not yet endorsed by the UK).

Classification of Liabikties as Current or Non-Current
(Amendments to IAS 1}, effective from 1 January 2024.

Lsase Liability in a Sale and Leaseback (Amendments to
IFRS 16}, effective from 1 January 2024,

Non-current Liabiities with Covenants (Amendments to !AS 1),
effective from 1 January 2024,

~ Supplier Finance Arrangements (Amanaments to 1AS 7 and
IFRS 7), effective from 1 January 2024,

IFRS 19 Subsidiaries without Pubdtic Accountability, effective
from 1 January 2027 (not yet endorsed by the Uk).

Lack of Exchangeability {Amendments to IAS 21}, effective
from 1 January 2025 (not yet endorsed by the Uk)

z
?
H
5
2
&
g
g
H
Fy
H
5

alphafme.com


===== page 124 =====
120 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

2. Segmental information

Group management has determined the operating segments by considering the segment information that is reported internally to
the chief operating decision maker, the Board of Directors. For management purposes, the Group is currently organised into three
geographical operating divisions: UK, North America and Europe & APAC, which allows the Board to evaluate the nature and financial

effects of the ousiness activities of the Group and the

economic environments in which it operates.

The Group's operations all consist of one type: specialist consultancy and related services to the financial services industry. Revenues
associated with software licensing arrangements were not significant in both the current and prior years, Therefore, the Directors
consider that disaggregating revenue by operating segments is most relevant to depict how the nature, amount, liming and uncertainty
of revenue and cash flows may be affected by economic factors.

North Europe &
UK America® ‘APAC”
i a F000 £000
Revenue 91,547 91,359 52,565
(353) (813) (680) 1,846)
Net fee income 91,194 90,546 51,885 233,625
Cost of sales (58,190) (62,219) (34,919) (155,328)
Gross profit 33,004 28,327 16,966 78,297
Margin on net fee income” (%) 36.2% 31.3% 32.7% 33.5%
Non-current assets 65,175 44,632 26,467 136,274
North Europe &
UK America® ‘APAC? Total
FY23 _ _ £000 £000 £000
Revenue 91,815 49,435 228,717
Rechargeable expenses (827) (717) (518) (1,562)
Net fee income 87,140 91,098 48,917 227,155
Cost of sates (62,117) (61,104) (33,575) (146,796)
Gross profit $5,023 29,994 15,342 80,359
(9%) 40.2% 32.9% 31.4% 95.4%
Non-current assets 69,445 46,721 23,360 139,526
During the year. the Group did not have any customers that comprised more than 10% of the Group's revenues (FY 23: nil).
3. Operating profit
FY 24 FY 23
7 Note «000-000
Amortisation of intangible assets 2 4,325 4,762
Depreciation charge 714 2,769 1,933
Foreign exchange losses 331 459
Short-term iease expense 7 723 1,096
Impairment provision recognised on trade receivables 16 28 109
Defined contribution pension scheme costs 5 4,519 2,791
Share-based payment charge 22 7,337 7,950
Eam-out and deferred consideration® 13 4,122 2,525
Acquisition and integration costs 292 331
945 >

Restructuring costs

Auditor's remuneration:
Audit fees — parent company
Audit fees — subsidiary companies
Other assurance services

Al| Group auditor remuneration relates ‘o aucit fees. There were no additional advisory services provided by the auditor to the Group in

both the current and prior years.

37 Margin 0 ne! foe ancora is grass profit expressed 2s percentage of nel lee ancome, Please refer to note 4 for iprther detail on the Group's APMS,

88 Within North Amence, the United States gensrated ravens of £73.0m

(FY 23: £7 7.1m) and Canada generated revenue of £13.4m {FY 23° £14.7m)

39 Watun Europe & APAC, France is a material country ark! generated revenue of £20 tm FY 22. 718.7)
40 The eatn-cut and deferred consiceration expense in the year comprises an amployment-hnked consigaration charge of 2.4m and an associated socal security charge ot CO.tm, clfset by

2 far value aaiustment af £9 ‘tm. See note #8 for furiner cotauls,

alphafme.com


===== page 125 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 121

4. Reconciliations to alternative performance measures

Alpha uses alternative performance measures (“APMs") that are not defined under the requirements of IFRS. The APM. including net
fee income, margin on net fee income, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted profit before tax, adjusted EPS, adjusted cash generated from
‘operations, adjusted cash conversion, organic net fee income growth and constant currency growth, are provided to allow stakeholders
a further understanding of the underlying trading performance of the Group and aid comparability between accounting penods. These
measures have been presented consistently across reporting periods, They are not considered a substitute for, or superior to, FRS
measures, and may not be comparable across other companies. The exclusion of adjusting items in the Group's APMs may result in
adjusted profitability being materially higher when compared with the nearest equivaient statutory measures.

Net fee income

The Group disaggregates revenue into net fee income ang expenses recharged to clients. Net fee income provides insight into the
Group's productive output and is used by the Board to set budgets and measure performance. This APM is reconciled to revenue on
the face of the consolidated statement of comprehensive income and by segment in note 2.

Profit margins

Margin on nat fee income and adjusted EBITDA margin are calculated using gross profit and adjusted EBITDA. expressed as a
percantage of net fee income, These represent the margin that the Group earns on iis productive output, exciuding nil or negligible
margin expense recharge to clients over warch the Group has limited control, and allows comparability of business output between
Periods. Such adjusted margins are used by senior management and the Board to assess the performance of the Group.

Reconcitiation of adjusted profit before tax, adjusted operating profit and adjusted EBITDA

FY 24 FY 23,
Note, £'000 £000,
Profit before tax EES SESS 92,570 287A
Amortisation of acquired intangible assets 1 4,325 4576
Profit on disposal of fixed assets aa) (14)
Share-based payment charge 22 7,387 7,950
Earn-out and deferred consideration" 13 4.122 2.825
Acquisition and integration costs 331
Restructuring costs -
Foreign exchange losses 469
Adjusting items BS a ~~ 35,827
Non-underiying finance expenses 8 2417
Adjusted profitbetoretax. SS — a “44,015
Net underlying finance expenses 6 448
Adjusted operating profit _ ~ 44,463
Depreciation charge 74 1,933
Amortisation of capitalised development costs 2 - 186
Adjusted EBITDA _ _ oe at 48,582
Adjusted EBITDA margin (%) 18.0% 20.5%

Adjusting items .

To assist in understanding the underlying performance of the Group and aid comparability between periods, management applies
judgement to exclude certain expense items from the Group's APMs, which are deemed to warrant separate disclosure dus to either
their nature or size. Such adjusting itemg as described below are generally non-cash, non-recurring by nature or are acquisition related.

Amortisation of acquired intangible essets and profit or joss on disposal of fixed assets are treated as adjusting items to better reflect
the underlying performance of the business, as they are non-cash items. principally relating to acquisitions.

‘The Group's share-based payment charge and related social security taxes are excluciad [rom adjusted profit measures. This allows for
better comparability between periods given the complexity of the assumptions underlying the caiculation and the multi-year effect of
mid-cycle changes to certain assumptions being adjusted for on a cumulative bas's, sometimes resulting in material fluctuations in the
charge between periods that are not reflective of the underlying operational performance of the business, The charge and related social
security taxes are also subject to external factors, such as the Group's share price. over which the Directors have less day-to-day
influence compared to other more directly controllable factors. This approach has been applied consistently across reporting paricds.
Note 22 sets out further details of the employee share-based payment charge calculation under IFRS 2

‘The Group will continue to assess the status of this charge as an adjusting item in the Group's financial statements, considering the
development of the charge, the Group and its remuneration policies. if nc adjustment was made for the share-based payment charge,
adjusted EBITDA for tha period wauld be £34.6m (FY 23; £38.8m} and adjusted EBITDA margin would be 14.9% (FY 23: 17.0%).

co The 28re-out and cefomes consiteration expense 1 the year compases a” emalayinentinked ccneieration charge of 21.1", an esscciated sociat secumty charge af £0.49, offset
bys 09 im“an vale acjustmen Flefer 10 7o1e 18 for luring: deta,

alphatme.com

3
!



===== page 126 =====
122 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

4. Reconciliations to alternative pertormance measures continued

As per note 13, the acquisitions of Shoreline in the year, and Lionpoint in FY 22, involved both deferred and contingent payments.
‘Some of these acquisition payments are dependent on the ongoing employment of certain members of the respective senior management
teams, and this element is expensed annually over several years until the date of payment. These costs have been treated as adjusting
items as they are acquisition related, refiecting the acquisition terms rather than the Group’s trading performance. Additionally, where
there is a change to the expected future payments or discount rates, a fair value adjustment to the liability is recorded in the income
statement. Whilst these acquisition-related costs will recur in the short term through the earn-out periods, the adjustment allows
comparability of underlying productive output and operating performance of the Group across reporting periods

Other acquisition and integration costs expensed in the year relate to the acquisition of Shoreline, including due diligence, legal fees
and integration costs. Whilst further similar acquisition and integration costs could be incurred in the future, these costs are not directly
attributable to the ongoing operational trading oerfarmance of the Group. The timing and amount of such costs may vary and treating
these as an adjusting item allows comparability of the operating performance across reporting periods.

Restructuring costs in FY 24 relate to a specific UK focused redundancy programme, which aims to support returning the business
to more normal levels of utllsation and profitability, given the more competitive market environment. These costs are non-recurring
and, therefore have been treated as an adjusting item to allow comparability of the underlying performance of the Group.

The impact of foreign currency volatility in translating local werking capital and cash balances to their relevant functional currencies
has been excluded from the calculation of adjusted profit measures on the basis that such exchange rate movements do not reflect
the underlying trends or operational performance of the Group. The foreign exchange movements were immaterial in bath the current
and prior years.

Non-underlying finance expenses

in calculating adjusted profit before tax, unwinding of the discounted contingent and deferred acquisition consideration within
finance expenses is considered non-underlying as these amounts relate to acquisition cansideration, rather than the Group's
underlying trading performance.

Adjusted profit before tax

Adjusted profit before tax is an APM calculated as profit before tax stated before adjusting items, including amortisation of acquired
intangible assets, share-based payment charge, acquisition-related payments and costs, non-underlying finance expenses and other
non-underlying expenses. This measure allows comparability of the Group's underlying performance, reflecting depreciation, amortisation
of capitalised development costs and underlying finance expenses.

Adjusted operating profit

Agjusted operating profit is an APM defined by the Group as adjusted profit before tax before charging underlying finance expenses,
including fees on bank loans and interest on lease liabililies. The Directors consider this metric alongside statutory operating profil to
allow further understanding and comparability of the underlying operating performance of the Group between periods. This measure
has been consistently used as the oasis for adjusted cash conversion.

Adjusted EBITDA

Agiusted EBITDA is a commonly used operating measure, which is defined by the Group as adjusted operating profit stated before
non-cash items, including amortisation of capitalised development costs and the depreciation charge. Adjusted EBITDA is a measure
that is used by management and the Board to assess underlying tracing performance across the Group, and forms the basis of the
performance measures for aspects of remuneration, including consultant profit share and bonuses.

Adjusted profit after tax

Adjusted profit after tax is similarly used to allow a further understanding of the underlying performance of the Group. Adjusted profit
after tax is stated before adjusting items and their associated tax effects. The associated tax effects are calculated by applying the
relevant effective tax rate to the adjusting items. A nil effective tax rate has been applied to earn-oul and deferred consideration,
acquisition costs and non-undertying finance expenses totalling £3.0m as these items are treated as capital in nature and are therefore
non-deductisle for tax purposes. An overall affective tax rate of 26.0% has been applied to all other adjusting items totaling £12.9m,
reflecting the tax rates in the geagraphical locations to which the items reiate.

FY 24

Adjusted profit before tax.

Tax charge (6,723) (7.810)
Tax impact of adjusting items ee _ 3.289) (2,978)
Adjusted profit after tax 28,487 33,229

alphafme.com


===== page 127 =====
Annuat Report & Accounts 2024 123

Adjusted earnings per share
Adjusted earnings per share ("EPS") is calculated by dividing the adjusted profit after tax for the year attributable to ordinary shareholders,
oy the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year. Adjusted diluted EPS is calculated by dividing adjusted
profit after tax by number of shares as above, adjusted fer the impact of potentially dilutive ordinary shares. Potentially dlilutive ordinary
shares are only treated as dilutive when their conversion to ordinary shares would decrease EPS (or increase loss por share}. Refer ta
note 11 for further detail.

_—___... _ . - FY 29
Adjusted EPS (p) 29.27
Adjusted diluted EPS (p) 27.37

Reconciliation of adjusted administration expenses
To express them on the same basis as the APMs described abave, adjusted administration expenses are stated before adjusting items,
depreciation and amortisation of capitalised development costs and are used by the Board to monitor the underlying administration
expenses of the business in calculating adjusted EBITDA

FY 24, FY 23
£'000 £'000, z !
Administration expenses ~~ ” ~ . "53,219 siz iB
Adjusting items (14,308) (5827) 7G
Depreciation charge 74 (2,769) 933) FY
Amoartisation of capitalised development costs 12 - co =
i

Adjusted administration expenses 96142 «83,777

Adjusted cash generated from operations
Adjusted cash generated from operations excludes the operating cash flow impact of adjusting items, such as employment-linked
acquisition payments and associated social security taxes, other acquisition and integration costs paid in the period, and restructuring
Costs, This is to reflect the Group's underlying operating cash fiows on a consistent basis with adjusted profit measures.

FY 24, FY 23
- - £'000 £7000
Cash generated from operations — - 20,408 «43,875 i
Employment-linked acquisition payments 1,928
Acquisition and integration costs 292

5

Restructuring costs
Adjusted cash generated from operations 23,568

Adjusted cash conversion
Cash conversion is stated as cash generated from operations expressed as a percentage of operating profit.

Adjusted cash conversion is stated as adjusted cash generated from operations expressed as a percentage of adjusted operating profit.

— _ _ a _ FY 24 _ FY 23st
Cash conversion 81% 158%
Adjusted cash conversion 60% 104%

Grganic net fee income growth
Organic net fee income growth excludes net fee income from acquisitions in the 12 months following acquisition, Net fee income from
any acquisition mage in the period is excluded from organic growth, For acquisitions made part way through the comparative period,
the current period's net fee income contribution is reduced ta inciude only net fee income for the period following the acquisition
anniversary, in order to compare organic growth on a like-for-like basis.

Organic net fee income growth of 1.8% (FY 23: 39.6%] for the current period represents FY 24 net fee income less £2.2m of net fee
income attributable to Shoreline, treated as inorganic.

22 The Group has refined the deteaton of acusted cask generated from operatars te excluce 184 Nalin the year This allows for qrealer consistency as adjusted operating urclt, sea as
the denominator the caleuation foe aclusted cash conversion. 1s before tax. Additonal, this approach $ n/ne wath comparable 2em9.es and allows ease of rooanizan agernst
thease somnsanies, The FY 23 comparative Ras Ben restated oF this new basis ‘0 alow far somparaoniy netween years.

43 Emplaymentinied 309. astion cayrrents Gt C1 Gre commpnses 21 im at acgiesean consideration classiied as amoloymantinkad and {0.1m of asso. ated social secur payments

43 FY 29 cach conversion and adiusted cash conversior nave oven sestated 10 €xc ude tax card 9 tha year rettecing tne G-qup's elined efron of ad usted cash eneratac rom
operations, as explaned above

alphatme.com


===== page 128 =====
124 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

4. Reconciliations to alternative per formance measures continued

Constant currency growth

The Group operates in multiple jurisdictions and generates revenues and profils in various currencies. Results are translated on consolidation
at the average foreign exchange rates prevailing in that period. These exchange rates vary from year to year, so the Group presents
some of its results on a “constant currency” basis. This means that the current year's results have been retranslated using the average
exchange rates {rom the prior year te allow for comparison of year-on-year results, eliminating the effects of changas in exchange rates.

Currency translation had an impact on both net fee income and gross profit in the year, primarily in North America, as a result of a
strengthening British pound sterling through the year. In the year, British pound sterling averaged USD 1.26 (FY 28: USD 1.21], and
CAD 1.69 (FY 23: CAD 1.59}, whist it was flat against the euro at an average of €1.16 (FY 28: €1.16).

On a constant currency basis, Group net fee income would be £238.0m, which is growth of 4.8% overall. Similarly, North America
net fee income would be £94.5m and Europe & APAC would be £52.3m which would be growth of 3.8% and 6.2% respectively,

On a similar basis the Group's gross profit would have been £79.6m representing a 0.9% decrease, as opposed lo a 2.6% decrease
on a reported basis

5. Staff costs
The average number of employees employed by the Group, where “employees includes Exacutive Directors but excludes contractors, was:

FY 24 FY 23

Number Number

uK —_ a — “377320
North America 321 272
Europe & APAC 241 210
Administration _ : 102 107

Average number of employees in the year

Total staff costs included in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income were:

Wages, salaries and shor 419,432
Social security costs 12,241 11,144
Pension costs 4,519 2,791
Share-based payment charge 7,337 7,950
Total statt costs for the year tose 14,817
Staff costs in relation to key management personnel, as defined in note 25, were:

FY 24 FY 23,

£000 g'000
Wages, salaries and short-term benefits a 3,025 3,468
Social security costs 414 504
Pension costs 83 105,
Share-based payment charge 1,631 1
Total staff costs for key management personnel for the year ts 68

Directors’ remuneration

Detailed disclosures in respect of Directors’ remuneration are provided in the Remuneration Committee report on pp 84-94. Further
disclosures are provided here to comply with the requirements of Schedule 5 of the Large and Medium-sized Companies and Groups
(Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008.

The total aggregate remuneration of the Directors of the Company for the year ended 34 March 2024 was £1,844,000 (FY 23: £2,966,000),
including gains on the exercise of share options of £644,000 (FY 23: £1,648,000). On this same basis, the aggregate remuneration of the
highest paid Director for the year ended 31 March 2024 was £1,210,000 (FY 23; £1.973,000),

The share option gains disclosed above differ from the gains of £1,154,000 (FY 23: £366,000) disclosed in the singie-figure table provided
in the Remuneration Committee report on p. $1 because they are calculated based on share options exercised in the yeer. whereas the
amounts in the single-figure table are calculated based on share options vested in the year. Additionally, the FY 23 aggregate remuneration
disclosed above also includes £ 1,973,000 relating to Euan Fraser, which is excluded from the single-figure table in the Remuneration
Committee report as he stepped down from the Board on 31 March 2023. This aggregate amount for Euan Fraser comprises salary and
bonus of £694,000, pension costs of £19,000 and gains on share options exercised of £1,260,000. All other components of remuneration
are on a consistent basis with the amounts disclosed in the single-figure table in the Remuneration Committee report.

As at 31 March 2024, one Director (FY 23: one Director} was accruing benefits under a defined contribution pension scheme.

alphafme.com


===== page 129 =====
6. Finance income and expenses

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 125

FY 24 FY 23,

Note £000 £7000,
Bank interest receivable _ : Te 346 364"
Total finance income SS ee ee)
interest and fees payable on bank loans (28) (596)
Interest on lease liabilities 7 (308) 16)
Total underlying financeexpenses. (4,233) (812)
Non-underlying finance expenses 13 (1,621) 2417
Total finance expenses Oo - (2,854) (3,229)
Net underlying finance expenses (687) 448)
Net finance expenses (2,508) (2,865)

The Group holdis one principal bank facility comprising a £50.0m committed RCF with Lloyds and HSEC with a tenor io June 2026.
This facility is subject to two independent financial covenants relating to interest cover and net debt ratios, which were complied with

through the year,

The Group has utlised up to a maximum of £17.8m of the faclity, drawn down occasionally through the year to meet short-term
currency requirements. The facility was undrawn as at 31 Maren 2024, and the Group remains in a strang net cash position of £29.4m.
An RCF drawdown and corresponding repayment of £10.2m is reported in the consolidated statement of cash flows as certain amounts
have heen presented on a net basis where amounts have been drawn down and repaid within three months.

7. Leases
Right-of-use assets
Equipment
Buildings: under lease Total

ee _ e000 £000 2700
Net book value. a ~ oe —_
As at 1 April 2022 2,304 a 2,304
Additions 2,671 - 2,671
Effect of modifications to lease terms 209 - 209
Depreciation charge (1,386) (3) (1,389)
Foreign exchange adjustments: 213 ~ 213
Asat3iMarch2023. | _ “4,008 - 4,008
Additions —_ _ To ww 4633 4,633.
Effect of modifications to lease terms (1.196) - (1,106)
Depreciation charge {2.131} - (2131}
Foreign exchange adjustments wy - 71)
Asat 31 March 2024 ~ ~~ 7 ~ —_ - 7 2,833 - - ~~ 2,383

Right-of-use asset additions of £1.61 relate to various new office leases across the UK and North America, following the expiry
of certain leases during the yaar. These additions are partly offset by lease mocifications of £1.1m, primarily relating to the early exit

of an office lease in the UK.

Lease liabilities

Asummary of the Group's undiscounted lease tiabilities as at 31 March 2024 is presented below:

FY 24

£000
Due within one year Oo 1570
Due between one and five years 4,266
Due afterfive years - 60
Total lease liabilities - undiscounted ~~ — _ 2838 4,608
impact of discounting —— —_ — “_ (276) (aa)
Total lease liabilities - discounted - oo “2,560 4,164

alphafme.com

2
Fy
FA
H
3.
a
ry
g
z
3
Fa
zB
&



===== page 130 =====
126 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

7. Leases continued

Amounts recognised in the Group's consolidated statement of comprehensive income

FY 24 FY 23
ee ee ole _ 8 £000 _ £1000
Depreciation of right-of-use asset (2,131) (1,388)
Short-term lease expense (723) (1,096)

Low-vaiue lease expense - -

Variable service charges (119)
Included in administration expenses Te ; 2.973)
interest expense on lease liabilities (308)
Included in finance expenses

Total cash rental payments made in the year on all lease tenors amounted to £3.0m (FY 23: £2.6m}, of which £2.3m (FY 23: £1.5m)
related lo lease liabilities and £0,7m (FY 23: £1.1m) related to short-term leases,

The Group has given consideration to any extension options and early termination options with reasonable certainty, and these have
been reflected within the lease liabilties where appropriate.

The Group has no material income or expenses associated with sud-leasing arrangements, saie-and-leaseback transactions, or
variable lease payments.

8. Taxation
FY 23

_ ~~ _-—_£'000_
Current tax oo ~ ~
In respect of the current year ~ UK 3,130 3,660
Foreign taxation 5,495 8,059
Adjustment in respect of prior periods. (198) (442)
Deferred tax
In respect of the current year - UK 1,344) (7,995)
Foreign taxation 9 (1,380)
Change in tax rate on opening balance - 8
Adjustment in respect of prior periods (374) (100)

Total tax expense for the year 6,723 7,810

The Finance Act 2022 increased the main rate of corporation tax in the UK to 25% from 1 April 2023. The UK deferred tax balances as
disclosed in note 9 reflect this substantively enacted rate in the current and prior years.

in addition to the tax expense for the year ended 31 March 2024, the Group has also recognised a total charge of £0.8m (FY 23: £2.4m
credit) of tax through equity, comprising a charge of £1.4m (FY 23: £0.9m credit) relating to deferred tax on share options outstanding,
partly offset by @ credit of £0.6m (FY 23: £1.5m} relating to current tax on the exercise of share options in the year. Additionally, a £0.1m
credit (FY 26: £0.4m charge) was recognised through cther comprehensive income, relating to the deferred tax impact of foreign
exchange fluctuations on acquired intangible assets.

alphatme.com


===== page 131 =====
32024 127

The differance between the total tax expense shown above and the amount calculated by applying the standard rate of UK corporation
tax to the profit before tax is as follows:

FY 24 FY 23
_ _ _ _ £000 £000
Profit before taxation ~ ~ ee ~ 7 _ "22,570 ~ 25,771
‘Tax on profit on ordinary activities at standard UK corporation tax rate of 25% (FY23:19%) ss (asi stsi« BCBS
Effects of:
Fixed asset differences - 24)
Income not taxable {155} -
Expenses not deductible for taxation 1,064 1.252
Differences due to overseas tax rates 375 2.202
Adjustments in respect of prior periods ~ current tax (196) (442)
Adjustments in respect of prior periods ~ deferred tax 71) (100)
Deferred tax not recognised 182 -
Change in deferred tax rate 79 26
Other 102
Totaltaxexpensefortheyear re

Expenses not deductible for taxation relate mainly to employment-linked acquisition consideration, associated discount unwinding and
other acquisition-related costs, treated as capital for tax purposes.

9. Deferred tax

Movements in deferred tax

Ag at 31 Marsh 20d

Impact of
Acquired foreign
during the exchange Recognised A
1 April 2023 revaluation in income inequity 31 March 2024
ok Se __ £7000 _ 000 0008000
Accelerated capital allowances (128) - - 20 - (108)
Short-term timing differences 2,018 - (2) 4198) - 1,818
Share options 5,298 - - 868 (1,413) 4,753
Arising on business combinations (6,938) __ 878) 61 1,016 - (6,239)
Net deferred tax asset 250 (378) 59 1,706 (1,413) 224
sor Starch 2022
Impact of
Acquired foreign
during the exchange Recognised Recognised
1 Aprit 2022 year revaluation in income inequity 31 Marci 2023
ee ee OD HD oD ODDO
Accelerated capital allowances (110) - ~ (18) - (128)
Short-term timing differences 690 - 63) 1,381 - 2,08
Share options 3,213 - ~ 4,215 870 5,298
Arising on business combinations (7,453) - (974) 689 - 6,938)
Net deterred tax (liability/asset (3,660) - (927) 3,487 870 250

Deferred tax assets recognised within these consolidated financial statements mainly represent the future tax effect of share-based
payment charges in respect of awards that have yet to be exercised oF released. Deductions in oxcess of the cumulative share-based
payment charge recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income are recognised in equity, Other deferred tax
assets recagnisad relate to timing differences on deductions far tax purposes and as such there is no restriction on recoverability.

Deferred tax liabilities primarily represent temporary differences between the accounting and tax treatments of acquired intangible
assets, As the intangibie assets are amortised, the deferred tax liabilities decrease, with changes being recognised in the consolidated
statement of comprehensive income. Any deferred tax abilities recognised in respect of foreign currency intangible assets are
re-transiated at each balance sheet date, consistent with the treatment of the associated intangible assets.

alphatme.com

z
5
a
3
a
E
2
g
s
3
é



===== page 132 =====
128 Annuai Report & Accounts 2024

9. Deferred tax continued

Oeterred tax assets and liabilities are offset where there is 4 legally enforceab’e right to do so and when the deferred taxes relate to the
same fiscal authority. The below table sets out the deferred tax asset and the net deferred tax liability, as presented in the consolidated
statement of financial position:

FY 24 FY 23,
— ee wo ee ee £00 £7000
Deferred tax fiabilities (2,442) (2.783)
Deferred tax assets 2.666 3,033
Net deferred tax asset - 224250
10. Dividends
Amounts recognised as distributions to equity holders:

FY 24 FY 23

- ee oo e000 £'000.

Final dividend for the year ended 31 March 2023 of 10.50p (FY 22: 7.50p) per share 12,010 8,547
Interim dividend for the e year ¢ ended 3th March 2024 of 3. 70p (FY 23: 3.70p) ‘per: share 4,236 4,227
Total dividends paid in the year — ° 16,246 42,774

in view of the recommended cash offer to acquire Alpha by Bidco, a newly incorporated indirect subsidiary of certain funds managed
by Bridgepcint, the Board is not recommending a final dividend. If the acquisition does not complete, it is expected that the Board
would declare a fina| dividend in respect of FY 24 at a later date.

11. Earnings per share and adjusted earnings per share

The Group presents basic and diluted earnings per share ("EPS"), on both a statutory and adjusted basis. Basic EPS is calculated by
dividing the profit or loss for the year attributable fo ordinary shareholders by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding
during the year. In the calculation of diluted EPS the Group applies the treasury share method to include the impact of potentially dilutive
shares arising from the Group's share option plans. For further detail on the Group's accounting policy see note 1.

In order to reconcile to the adjusted profit after tax, the same adjustments as set out in note 4 nave been made to the Group's profit for
the financial year. The profits and weighted average number of shares used in the calculations are set out below:

oe Note FY 24 FY 23
Basic and diluted EPS NE - 0
Profit for the financiai year (£°000) 15,847 17,961
Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue ('000) 114,398 113,531
Number of dilutive shares (000) 7,668 7,883
Weighted average number of ordinary shares, including dilutive shares (000) 422.056 «121,414
Basic EPS {p) 13.85 15.82
Diluted EPS (p) 12.98 14.79
Adjusted EPS and adjusted diluted EPS
Adjusted profit after tax (£000) 4 28,487 33,229
Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue ('000) 114,398 113,531
Number of dilutive shares ('000) 76 7,883
Weighted average number of ordinary shares, including dilutive shares (000) : 122,056 12,414
Adjusted EPS (p) 24,90 29.27
Adjusted diluted EPS (p) 23.94 27.37

alphatme.com


===== page 133 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 129

12. Goodwill and intangible fixed assets

Goodwill

FY 24 Fy 23
Movements in the year ote e000 £'000
Gost at beginning of the year : 103,676 100,991
Additions 13 amit -
(Losses\/gains from foreign exchange (1,208) 2,685
Cost at end of the year ~ _ ° —_ ~ _ oe : _ 105,179 7 103,676

Goodwill represents the excess af the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the Group's share of the net identifiable agsets of
the acquired subsidiary at the date of acquisition. In line with IAS 21 para 47, goodwill arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation
is held in local currency and is retranslated into the Group's presentational currency at each reporting date using the closing foreign
exchange rate.

Additions in the year of £2.7m to goodwill relate to the Group's acquisition of Shoreline Consulting Pty Ltd, Shoreline Consclidated Pty
Ltd and their subsidiaries {*Shoreline"), a boutique consultancy that provides services to the asset and wealth management sector in
APAC, This goodwill represents assets that do not quailty for separate recognition and includes the assembled workforce and the
expected synergy benefits of combining the talents of tne Shoreline team into the Group.

In prior years, goodwill was recognised upon the acquisitions of Alpha FMC Group Holdings Ltd in February 2016, TrackTwo GmbH in
July 2017, Axxsys Litd in June 2019, Obsigian Solutions Ltd in November 2019 and Lionpoint Holdings, Inc. in May 2021

In ling with IAS 36 para 96, the carrying vaiue of goodwill is not subject to systematic amortisation but is reviewed at least annually for
impairment, The review assesses each group of CGUs to which goodwill has been allocated for impairment by comparing the carrying
value of the units, including the goodwill, with the recoverable amount of the units. The carrying vaiues of goodwill have been assessed
by relerence to value in use. These have been estimated using cash flows from forecasts prepared by management around the balance
sheet date.

The CGUs have been grouped in line with the Group's operating segments as this is the level at which goodwill is monitored by
management. Therefore, the groups of CGUs considered tor impairment testing are UK, North America and Europe & APAC.

Fy 26
Allocation of goodwill ee a a £000 _
UK — 52,082 52,082
North America 31,961 (32,626
Europe & APAC 21,136 18,968
Atendoftheyears—s—s—SSC—“‘*sS™SSCSCSSSC 9085179 103,678

Key assumptions ~ impairment testing
The principal assumptions considered to be individually significant for the purposes of calculating the value in use for each CGU include
the assumed underlying trading used to estimate the future CCU cash flows, taking into account future CGU growth rates and margins,
and the pre-tax discount rate used to convert these estimated cash flows to present value.

In all cases, the budget for the following financial year forms the basis for the cash-flow projections for a CGU. These near-term FY 25
budget assumptions were sensitised to account for the inherent uncertainty associated with forward-looking cash-flow projections.

‘The cash-flow projections for the four years subsequent to the budget year reflect the Directors! expectations of the medium-term
operating performance of the CGU and the growth prospects in the CGU's market, retlecting a range of factors relevant to the specific
circumstances of each CGU. Underiying revenue growth assumptions for the period FY 26 to FY 29 range from an average annual
growth of 5.5% to 11.8% over the medium term and are assessed on a period-by period basis reflecting market conditions. They include
the relative size of each CGU and the maturity level of operations in the territory in the determination of the future estimated cash flows
for value in use,

Thereafter. a perpetuity long-term growth rate is applied ranging between 1.0% and 1.99% depending on the CGU, based on |anger-term
economic outlooks of those economies and the Directors’ longer-term assessment of the prospects of those businesses.

To discount these cash flows to present value, CGU specific pre-tax discount rates have been applied to refiect the market assessment
of the time value of money and the specific risk profile of each CGU. including consideration of the relative size of each CGU, the maturity
level of operations in the territory and local market risk metrics. The Group bases its estimate for the pre-tax discount rate on its weighted
average Cost of capital. The weighted average pre-tax discount rate for the Group was determined to be 14.6% (FY 23: 14.7%), CBU
specific discount rates have been applied to reflect CGU specific nsks..

The Group has considered associated costs of climate change and decarbonisation when forecasting future cash flows.

alphatme.com

z
Ff
g
2
S
a
g
3
3



===== page 134 =====
130 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

signs

12. Goodwill and intangible fixed assets continued
The table below summarises the assumptions used for each CGU:

Pre-tax discount rate Medium-term growth rate Long-term growth rate
nt; 7 ee 7 7
UK 18.7% 14.8% 55% «5.8% 10% RM
North America 15.5% 15.3% 11.6% 11.5% 1.9% 1.6%
Europe & APAG 13.1% 12,8% 71% 71% 1.3% 1.4%

Sensitivity
The Group has considered a range of factors in relation to the value in use estimate for each CGU.

In the assessing goodwill impairment review, discount rates applied would have to increase to between 30.9% and 47.5% devendent on
the CGU to result in value in use headroom falling to nil for any CGU. The Directors consider that no reasonably possible change to the
long-term growth rates could resut in impairment of goodwill for any CGU given the assumptions, summarised in the table above.

Management does not expect a material change to the discount rate in any of its CGUs as presented for the year ended 31 March 2024.
‘As such, in order to address inherent uncertainty surrounding forward-looking cash-flow assumptions, the Group has applied sonsitivity
analysis to identify the point to which growth would have to fall in order to reduce headroom to nil. As such, the assumed medium-term
annual growth rate for the period from FY 26 to FY 29 would need to be an annual decrease of (20.0%) and (30.9%), depending on the
GU, for the value in use headroom to fail to nil,

Variations in inflation levels are not significant in the impairment sensitivity analysis, given the ieve! of headroom available to each CGU.

The Directors have considered whether @ reasonably possible change in the assumptions would erode the headroom or give rise to a
material adjustment to any carrying value in the next 12 months, The Directors de not consider that a reasonably possibie change in
assumptions could result in a reduction in headroom to nil for any CGU.

intangible fixed assets

As at 31 Maren 2024

Capitalised
Order Customer Intellectual Trade development
backlog relationships property name costs Total
"000 £000 £'000 £000 £'000 £000
Cost ~~ 0 — — To °
At the start of the year 2,580 36,205 3,388 9,120 1,819 53,112
Additions: = 4,729 _ - 3n 2,040
Exchange difference @4) (225) - 60) - (299)
Attheendoftheyear—total HB SCS7-709 3,388 9070 2,180 54,853
Amortisation ~ a oe oe
At the start of the year (2,580) (15,145) (2,602) (3.378) (1,819) (25.524)
Charge for the year - (8,269) (281) (775) - (4,328)
Exchange difference 24 37 - 8 _. 69
At the end of the year — fotal 9556) (38.377) Ss«2,883)—S«S, 45) (1,819) (29.780)
Netbookvae ee ee ee 25,073

alphatme.com


===== page 135 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 = 131

Capitalised

‘Order Customer Intellectual Trade development
backlog relationships property name costs Total

£000 £000 F000 000000

Cost re

At the start of the year 298 35,652 3,388 8,982 1.819 52,083
Additions 319 - ~ - - 319
Exchange difference 68 63-88 - 760
Atthe endoftheyear~totat ~~ 3589 36.205 —(8,988 97204819 83.412
Amorisation
At the start of the year (2,072) (12,083) (2,141) (2774) {1,633} (20,700)
Charge for the year (468) (3,044) (461) (603) (186) (4.762)
Exchange difference (0) (8) ~ @) - 62)
Aitheendoftheyear-totai 580) 15,145)—— 602), 878) 8 19)_——5, 524)
Nethookvaue Lenogo 76 7a 8,88

Customer relationships:

Customer relationships at the start of the yoar represent the total of the fair value at the acquisition dates of the customer relationships
that were owned by, but not previously recognised as assets of, Aloha FMC Group Holdings Utd in FY 18, TrackTwo GmbH in FY 18,
Obsidian Solutions Lid and Axxsys Lid! in FY 20 and Lionpoint Holdings, Inc. in FY 22.

Additions 1n the year of £1.7r to customer relationships relate to the acquisition by the Group of Shoreline Consulting Pty Ltd,
Shoreline Consolidated Pty Ltd and their subsidiaries.

The fair value has been determined by applying the multi-period excess earings method to the cash flows expected to be earned from
customer relationships. The Key management assumptions are around forecast revenuss, operating margins and discount factors. The
value is given by the present value of the eamings the customer relationships generate, net of a reasonable return on other assets also
contributing to that stream of earnings (contributory asset charges).

A.usefui economic lite of 4-12 years nas been deemed appropriate based on the average realisation rate of cumulative cash flows and
benchmarked data for each respective acquisition. Projected cash flaws have been discounted over this period. The amortisation
charge is recognised in administration expenses within the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

Intellectual property
Intellectual property at the start of the year represents the fair value at the 3 February 2016 acquisition date of the intellectual property
which was owned by, but not previously recognised as assets of, Alpha FMC Group Holdings Ltd, intellectuat property acquired as part
of the TrackTwo GmbH acquisition in FY 18, and those acquired on the acquisition of Axxsys Ltd and Obsidian Solutions Ltd in FY 20.

The fait value has been determined by applying the relief from royalty method ic the cash flows earned from the intellectual property.
The key management assumptions are around growth forecasts, discount factors and royalty percentage utilised. A ussful economic tife
of seven years has been deemed appropriate based on previous acquisitions and benchmarking data. Projected cash flows have been
discounted over this period. The amortisation charge :s recognised in adminsstration expenses within the consolidated statement of
comprenensive income.

Trade name

Trade name intangible assets al the start of the year represent the fair vaiue at the 3 February 2016 acquisition date of the trade name,
which was owned by, but nat previously recognised as an asset of, Alpha FMC Group Holdings Ltd, and those acquired on the
acquisition of Axxsys Ltd and Obsidian Solutions Ltd in FY 20 and Lionpoint Holdings, inc. in FY 22.

The fair value has been determined by applying the relief from royalty method to the cash flows earned from the trade name. The key
management assumptions ate araund growth forecasts, discount factors and royalty percentage utilised. A useful sconomric life of 4-15
years has been deemed appropriate based on previous acquisitions and benchmarking data. Projected cash flows have been discounted
over this penod, The amortisation charge 1s recognised in administration expenses within the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

alphafme.com

z
3
a
3
3
g
g
z
i
2
=



===== page 136 =====
132 Annuat Report & Accounts 2024

Sab gh os

12. Goodwiil and intangible fixed assets continued

Capitalised development costs

Capitalised development costs represent the costs incurred in the development of Alvig's client data and anaiytics software platform
Additions of £0.3m in the year relate to capitalised expenditure by Aivig in March 2024,

The remaining useful lives al 31 March 2024 of each of the respective assel classes acquired on acquisition above are summarised in
the table below.

Capitalised

Customer Intellectual development

retationships property Trade name costs

Acquired entity __. _tyears} years} (years) (years)
Alpha FMC Group Holdings a 3.8 - “68 -
TrackTwo GmbH 43 0.3 - -
Axxsys - UK 62 - +0 -
Axxsys ~ North America/Nordics 72 - 4.0 -
Obsidian Solutions - 26 - -
Lionpoint ~ UK 9.2 - 3.5 -
Lionpoint - North America 9.2 - 35 -
Lionpoint - Europe & APAC 8.2 - 35 -
Shoreline - Europe & APAC 10.4 - - -
Aiviq - UK - - - 3.0

The Group raviews the remaining useful lives of its intangible assets on at feast an annual basis. During the year, the remaining useful
lives of certain customer relationship and trade name intangible assets were shortened to best reflect the Group's expected usage of
these assets going forward. These revisions did not have a material effect on the amortisation charge in the year and are not expected
to have @ material effect on the annual amortisation charge in futura years.

13. Acquisition of businesses

Acquisitions in the year

Shoretine

On 1 May 2023, the Group reached an agreement to acquire 100% of the issued share capital of Shoreline Consulting Pty Ltd anc
Shoreline Consolidated Pty Ltd and its subsidiaries (together, “Stioreline"), a boutique consultancy that provides services to the asset
and wealth management sector in APAC, on a cash free, debt free basis. The Directors consider that the acquisition enables Alpha to
reinforce our position and take advantage of opportunities in the APAC region.

The maximum petential cash consideration payable by the Group pursuant to the acquisition agreement was AUD 13.0m (£6.8m},
allocated between AUD 8.0m (£4.2rm) non-contingent cash consideration and a contingent earn-out structure up to a maximum of
AUD 5.0m (£2.6m), payable in several instalments.

Subsequent to the acquisition date, in light of market conditions and performance, an agreement with the founders was reached to
modify the terms of the earn-oul agreement, This agreement has reduced the maximum arnount of earn-out consideration available from
AUD 5.0m (£2.6m) to AUD 3.1m (£1.6m) with modified earn-out targets, payable in July 2026, 2027 and 2028.

The fair value of consideration recognised on the date of acquisition, excluding employment jinked amounts, amounted to AUD 8.2m
(€4.3m), of which AUD 4.5m (£2.4m) relates to initial cash consideration paid, AUD 0.2m (£0.1m) relates to additional amounts paid

in the year in relation to completion working capital, AUD 2.4rn (1.2m) relates to deferred consideration, and AUD 1.1m (£0.8m) relates
to discounted contingent consideration.

Initial consideration was funded from the Group's cash reserves, with any remaining deferred and contingent consideration amounts:
expected to be settled in cash, with the option to settle a portion of the deferred amounts in the Group’s ordinary shares.

alphafme.com


===== page 137 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 133

A summary of the purchase consideration, net assets acquired, identifiable intangible assets and goodwill is set out below. These fair
vallles are determined by using éstablished estimation techniques such as income-based discounted cash flow madels.

Fairvalue Values on
Book values adjustments acquisition
Shoreline . . 000 «£7000 "
Acquiree's net assets al the acquisition dai
Customer relationships - 1,729 1729
Trade and other receivables 768 - 768
Cash and cash equivalents 92 - 92
Trade and other payables (636) - (636)
Deferrad tax asset/liability} (432) (378)

Net identifiable assets acquired

Cash consideration relating to business

Goodwill on acquisition (see note 12)

Of the total maximurn potential amounts payable, £0.9m was classified as employment-lnked because these payments are conditional
on the continuing employment of certain Shoreline employees. These employment-linked acquisition payments are expensed through
Prot or ‘038 proporticnately until the relevant payment date, based on the amounts expected to be paid, taking into consideration
expected performance against earn-out targets. During the year, the Group has expensed £0.2m in relation to these employment-linked
payments through the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, with £0.1m paid in the year.

Deferred and contingent consideration is discounted to fair value, Discount unwinding is recognised as a finance expense proportionately
across the periods until final payment. During the year, £0.1m of discount unwinding was expensed as a non-underlying finance cost in
relation to the Shoreline acquisition consideration.

A fair value adjustment of £0.1m was recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income at 31 March 2024 to reflect
the modified earn-oul agreament and revised payment timings described above.

AS consideration for the acquisition of Shoreline is payable in Australian dollars, foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised at
Ch reporting date in relation to transiating these liabilities into pound sterling. In the penca, the Group recognised a small foreign
exchange gain through other comprehensive income in relation to the re-translation of these liabilties.

AS at 31 March 2024, a £2.1m liability is recorded, of which £0.9m is current and £1.2m is non-current.

Shoreline contributed £2.3m to the Group's revenue in the year and had an immaterial impact on the Group's profit after tax for the year from
the date of acquisition to 31 March 2024. If the acquisition of Shoreline had been completed on 1 April 2023, Group revenues for the
year would have been £235.7m with an immaterial impact on the Group profits after tax, without adjustment to amortisation assumptions.

Acquisition and integration costs of £20.3m related to the Shoreline acquisition are included within administration expenses as detailed
in note 4.

alphafme.com

H
B



===== page 138 =====
134 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

13. Acquisition of businesses continued

Acquisitions in previous years

Liompennt

As at 31 March 2023, the Group held a liabilly of £24.9m in relation to future deferred and contingent consideration payable for this acquisition.

Employment-linked acquisition payments are expensed through the incorne statement progortionately until FY 26. During the year, the
Group has expensed £0.8m in relation to these employment-linked payments

The deferred and contingent consideration is discounted to fair value. Discount unwinding is recognised as a finance cost proportionately
across the periods unti! final payment. During the year, £1.5m of discount unwinding was expensed as 4 non-underlying finance cost in
relation to the Lionpoint acquisition consideration.

During the year, the Group made deferred and contingent Lionpoint acquisition payments totalling £16.3m, Of these payments, £1.7m
relates to employment-linked consideration, and is presented within cash from operating activities, with the remaining £14.6m presented
within cash used in investing activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows,

As consideration for the acquisition of Lionpoint is payable in US dollars, foreign exchange differences are recognised at each reporting

date in relation to translating these liabilities into pound sterling, In the year, the Group recognised a foreign exchange profit of £0.5m in

relation to the re-translation of these liabilities.

As at 31 March 2024, a £10.4m liability is recorded, of which £10.1m is current and £0.3m is non-ourrent.

The below table summarises the movements in the deferred anc contingent consideration liabilities to 31 March 2024;

Shoreline Lionpoint Total
e000 = £7000 £000

Balance as at 1 April 2023 24,949 24,949
Additions - 4,824
Employment-iinked consideration ai7 4,195
Payments in the year’® 67) (16,328) (16,385)
Unwinding of discounting 127 4,494 1,621
Fair value adjustment (72) - (72)
Foreign exchange gains (6) 22) (658)
Balance as at 31 March 2024 ee - 2104 10,410 12,514
Represented by:

Current 883 10,070 40,953
Non-current 4,221 340 4,561
Balance as at31March 2024. - B04 10,410—«12,514

As at 31 March 2024, the Group held a total liabilily of £12.5m in relation to future deferred and contingent consideration payable for
acquisitions. Of this liability at the balance sheet date, £2.4m relaies to deferred consideration and the remaining £10.1m relates to.
contingent consideration. Within these deferred and contingent consideraticn liabilities, £1.9m relates to employment-linked amounts,

The fair value of acquisition earn-outs is no longer considered to be an area of significant estimation uncertainty given proximity te and
more certainty around the Lionpoint fina! earn-out payment. The fair value of the earn-out liability held in relation of Shoreline is also not
considered to have a material level of estimation uncertainty to the value of the lability held at 31 March 2024.

45 Detarred and contingent acquisition payments of £16 4m includes £1 8m of employmentiinked cansieration, which 1s -eportedt in net cash generated trom operating actwaies in tha
consolifeted siatemeni af eagh flows, Additonatly. acquistion payments reported within cash Hows fram investing actiiles n the coniscldated statement of Cash flows mcludes £2 4m
aK! upon complation of the acqussikon of Shosaling, net of cash acquired, which as natinciuded in the table above,

alphatme.com


===== page 139 =====
Cost
As at 1 April 2022
Additions

Disposals

Exchange difference

As at 31 March 2023
Additions
Disposals

Exchange difference
As at 31 March 2024

Depreciation

Leasehold Fixtures
improvements and fittings
__f000 e000
2at 232
- 87
6) (42)
3 6
238 283
- ”

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 = 135.

Computer

equipment Total
7 £000 £000:
2311 2784
773 860
81) 29)
38 47
2.841 3,362
° ~~" s09
(998) 1.374)
(26) (30)

2,318 2A

As at 4 April 2022 (210) 197) (97) (1,978)
Charge for the year (85) «7 (492) 44)
Disposals 6 256 304
Exchange difference 1 ea) et)
Asat 31 March 2023 ~~ ~~ ~ (1,835) 2249)
Charge for the year . _ ——_ "609 (638)
Disposais. 237 974 1,350
Exchange difference 1 2 14 7
As at31 March 2024 — ~ 65) (4,455) ——*(1,620)
Net book value as at31March2024 ZZ OS - 87 ‘860047
Net baok value as at 31 March 2023 107 7,006 1115
15. Trade and other receivables

Fy 24 FY 28

e000 e000
Amounts due within one year: _ — —
Trade receivables 34,190 26,781
Less: allowance for expected credit losses (685) (657)
Trade receivables-net ~ ~~ ~ ~ 33,508 26,24
Other receivables 4,980 +194
Capitalised contract fulfilment costs 183 4,101
Prepayments 2.478 1,999
Accrued ing — _ 4,369 3710
Total amounts due within one year _ 42,185 34,128

Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and generally have @ 30- to 60-day term. Due to their short maturities, the carrying amount
of trade and other recewables is a reasonable approximation of therr fair value, Trade receivables have increased in the year through the
‘ongoing growth of the nusiness with higher debtor days at 53 days (FY 23: 43 days) against strong collections in the prior year.

An expected credit joss attributable to trade receivables is established after consideration of historical loss rates in preceding periods
and relevant forward-looking factors. The Group has datermined historical loss rates for each ageing category of trade receivables by

performing an in-depth analysis of historical losses in conjunction with other factors in key Alpha territories.

The Group has considered a number of factors in determining appropriate expected credit joss rates. including macro-economic factors
and asset-specific indicators such as customer correspondence, default or delinquency in payment and significant financial difficulties

of the customer,

alphatme.com

2
3
2
a
e
3
3

Le



===== page 140 =====
136 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

15, Trade and other receivables continued

Expected Gross carrying Loss Net carrying

Toss rate ‘amount allowance ‘amount

As at 31 March 2024 % £000 £'000 £000
Not overdue ae ee 130% 20917, @7 20,646
Overdue 1-30 days 2.23% 10,600 (236) 10,364
Overdue 31-60 days 3.32% 1,444 (48) 1,396

Overdue 61-90 days 7.30% 673 @2) 531
Overdue 90+ days 19.45% 656 (88) 508
As at31March 2024 — —t90 685) 83,505
Expected Gross carrying Loss Net earrying

Toss rate amount allowance ‘amount

March 2023 % £000 £'000 £000
Not overdue — oo : ~~" “498% —«19,295°~S*=<“«*«BZY:C*é“‘Cé STS
Overdue 1-30 days 3.15% 6,652 (209) 6,443
Overdue 31-60 days 5.01% 602 {30) 572
‘Overdue 61-90 days 10.82% 69 fa) 62
Overdue 90+ days 17.60% 163 (29) 134
As at 31 March 2023 Oe a 26,781 “(657)—=«26,124

Capitalised contract fulfilment casts comprise amounts incurred in relation to unsatisted performance obligations on fixed-fee milestone
projects, and non-distinct software implementation costs incurred in advance of the commencement of the client's licence period on
Aiviq. contracts. As at 31 March 2024, total capitalised contract fulfilment costs were £0.8m (FY 23: £1.2mi, of which £0.1m (FY 23: £0.1m)
was presented within non-current assets on the face of the consolidated statement of financial position. These costs are recognised in
the consolidated statement of comprehensive income at the point of revenue recognition for fixed-fee milestone projects or are amortised
to the consolidated income statement over the ficence period for non-distinct software impiementation costs. An expense of £1.1m

(FY 23: £1.6m) has been recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income in relation to capitalised contract fulfiiment
costs. No significant judgements have been made in determining the amount of costs to be capitalised, which primarily comprise costs
within scope of IAS 18 Employee Genefits.

Contract receivables are recognised in accrued income and relate to satisfied performance obligations recognised and not invoiced at
the year end, All such contract receivables are expected to be realised within one year and are classified within current assets. Contract
receivables are recorded on a time spent basis and as performance obligations are met on agreed fees and day rates, billed in arrears.
These are typically short-term timing differences that are administrative in nature at each reporting date. Contract receivable payments
are due on standard terms once the invoices are raised. The contract receivables movement in the year represents these timing
differences across respective contract daliverables at each year end.

The expected credit logs calculated on accrued income was not material at the current or prior year ends. For analysis of the exposure
to credit risk at 31 March 2024, refer to note 23.

16. Cash and cash equivalents

FY 24 FY 23
ee _ _ _ £7000
Cash at bank 29,392
Cash and cash equivalents 29,392 59,215

All cash and cash equivalents held by the Group are available for use by the Group with no restrictions.

alphatme.com


===== page 141 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 137

17. Trade and other payables

FY 26 FY 23

_, Note £000 £'000
Tradepayables ~ ee 7 “4400 586
Accruals 38,929 29,880
Deferred income 1,756 796
Social security tax on share options 22 2.075 1,669
Taxation and social security 5.731 4734
Other payables 2,829 2.277
Earn-out and deferred consideration

10,953 16,027
Total amounts owed within one year 46,373 80,539

Tradle payables comprise amounts outstanding ‘or trade purchases and ongoing costs. The Directors consider that the carrying amount
of trade and other payables is a reasonable approximation of their fair value. The Group's trade payables payment policy is to provide
payment within the agreed terms, which is generally 30 days from the date of receipt of invoice.

The decrease in accruals refiects the payment in the year of both the FY 23 profit share and the second tranche of deferred FY 22
payments, as well as a lower performance-adjusted bonus accrual amounts for FY 24.

‘The earn-out and deferred consideration liability comprises the amounts due within one year relating to the Lionpoint and Shoreline
acquisitions. Refer to note 13 for further detail,

Deferred income recognises contract liabilities arising from the Group's revenue-generating activities relating to payments received
in advance of performance delivered under a contract. These contract liabilities typically arise on short-term timing differences
between performance obligations in some milestone or fixed-fee contracts and their respective contracted payment schedules.

‘The contract liability movernent in the year represents these timing differences across contracts at each year end. The following table
sets out the revenue recognised in the current year that relates to carry-forward contract liabilities, and the current and non-current
fiabilities recognised in the current year that have been deferred to future reporting periods. All current deferred income is expected
to be recognised through revenue within one year. Movements in the year predominantly relate to the underlying operations of

the business, and ro materia! contract jiabilities were recognised in reiation to changes in estimates or contract modifications.

‘There ware no contract modifications in the year that resulted in the recognition of revenue from performance obligations satisfied

in previous periods.

Fy 24 FY 29
oe _ a Note __ £000 - £000

Contract liabilties atthe startofthe year 1729 4,008

Foreign exchange movements 23) 104

Contract iabilities recognised in revenue during the year 773) (1,989)

Inerease in contract liabilities during the year 1,699 776

Balance at the end of the year 1718 1,912 1,008

Unperformed balances shown in the table below, represent the revenue that the Group will earn trom customers when the Group
satisfies the remaining performance obligations in certain contracts, Those mainly relate to Aivia’s multi-year software licence contracts
that range between one and five years, in which software access revenue is recognised over the access pericd,

The following table sets out the aggregate amount of the contracted transaction price allocated to performance obligations that are
unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied at the yearend date. Laperformed balances relating to contracts with an expected original tife af less
than one year are not disclosed, Similarly, the Group has adopted the practical expedient nat to disciose amounts under longer-term
contracts in which the revenue is to be invoiced on agreed day rates. Revenue from unperformed performance objigations is expected
to be recognised in the following tinaframes:

FY 2a FY 29

_ _ . ee — t0000 £000,
‘Yo be undertaken and recognised within one year oO 2,589 1.373
To be undertaken and recognised between one and three years 3.337 2.257
To be undertaken and recognised after three years. 1,614
Total unperformedpertormance obligations = 5,244

alphatme.com

Zz
Fj
Ff
3
ES
zs
2
g
i
3
tt



===== page 142 =====
138 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

18, Provisions
Social security

and sales Legal and

tax provisions other provisions Total

- - £7000 “000 £7000

Balance as at 1 April 2023 i 8876450 3,326
Utilised - - -
Released (378) (108) (486)
Additional provisions 504 - 504
Foreign exchange movements (95) 0 6)
Balanceasat31March2024. 0 oo 2,967 341 3,308

Within social security tax and sales tax provisions is a £1.4m (FY 23: £1.4m) provision relating to historical pre-AIM admission potential
tax treatments and an additional £1.1m (FY 23: £1.5m) relating to further potential social security tax exposures. An amount of £0.6m
fas been provides for in the year relating to US sales taxes, following an internal review. The amount and timing of these social security
and sales tax provisions are subject to uncertainty. A final position agreed with a tax authority or through the expiry of a tax audit period
could ciffer from the estimated provision.

Legal and other provisions comprise £0.1m (FY 23: £0.3m) of dilapidation provisions in respect of the Group's leased offices and £0.2m
{FY 23: £0.2m) relating to ongoing legal claims. The legal and other provisions at 31 March 2024 represents the most probable outcome
of these claims at the balance sheet date.

Given the uncertainty, @ range of outcomes is gossible in relation to these provisions. The Directors consider the cash outflows in
relation to recognised provisions could reasonably range between £1.4m and £6.6m.

19. Other non-current liabilities

Eam-out and deferred consideration _ 13 4,561 8,922
Deferred income 186 218
Social security tax on share options 22 1,432 4,640
Other non-current liabilities - 625

Total amounts owed after one year 3149 11,400

Eam-out and deferred consideration relates to future deterred and contingent earn-out payments to be made for the acquisition of
Lionpoint and Shoreline. Given the passage cf time, the third Lionpaint deferred and contingent consideration payments now fall due
within 12 months from the balance sheet date. Refer to note 13 for further detail

Deterred income recognises contract liabilities arising from the Grouo’s revenue-generating activities relating to payments received in
advance of performance delivered under a contract. Deferred income recognised as non-current entirely relates to contracts held within
the Aivig business, where revenue is somelimes recognised over a contractual licence periad of greater than one year. For further
details refer to note 17.

Other non-current liabilities fell to nil in the year as the remaining deferred element of FY 28 bonuses for certain directors and senior
management globally now falls due withie 12 months from the reporting date.

alphatme.com


===== page 143 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 = 139

20. Note to the cash flow statement

Non-cash changes

Lease
accounting
1 Aprit additions & Other Foreign (31 March:
2023, Cash flow modifications changes exchange 2024
eo _ a _ £000 2000 ro00 £1000 £70000 000
Cash and cash equivatents 59,215, (28.771) - - (1,052) 29,392
Bank borrowings - - - - ~ -
Net cash 99,215 (28,71) - - (1,052) 29,392
Less: cash and cash equivalents 69,215) 28,771 - - 1,052 (29,392)
Leases (4,181) 2,297 (464) (305) 73 (2.560)
Interest and bank joan fees - 1,284 - (1,254) ~ -
ies arising from financing (4,161) 3,551 (464) 1,559) 73 (2,560)
_- —. —_Norzeash changes _-
Lease
accounting
1 Aprit additions & Other Foreign 31 March
2022 Cashflow modifications changes exchange 2028
8. _ _ _ Z _ . ‘£000 _ £000 E000 £000 £000 _, E000
Cash and cash equivalents 63,616 (7,323) - - 3,022 59,215
Bank borrowings, - - - - - -
Net cash 63,516 - 59,215
Less: cash and cash equivalents 63,518) - - 3,022) (58,219)
Leases (2,409) 2,854) 216) (213) (4.164)
Interest and bank loan fees - - (482) - -
Liabilities arising from financing (2,409) 2,013 (2,854) (698) (213) (4,161)
21. Called up share capital
FY 24 FY 29
we ce eee = a - Number Number_
Allotted, called up and fully paid
Ordinary 0.075p shares (1 vote per share) 122,009,736 120,509,736
FY 24 FY 23
ee ee ee
Allotted, called up and fully pai
Ordinary 0.075p shares {1 vote per share) 91,507 90,382,
Movements in share capital during the year ended 31 March 2024:
ee — .
Balance as at 1 April 2023 90,382
120,509,736 ordinary shares of 0.075p each
issued shares 1,125
Balance as at 31 March 2024 94,507

122,009,736 ordinary shares of 0.075p each

{iy During the year, a total of 1.500.000 ordinary shares were issued by the Group, all of which were issued to the employee benefit
trust ("EBT") for future satisfaction of share option awards.

aiphatme.com


===== page 144 =====
140 Annuat Report & Accounts 2024

Te da finae

21. Called up share capital continued

Alpha employee benefit trust

The Group held 7,537,368 (FY 23: 6,274,380) shares in the EBT, comprising shares held to satisfy share options granted under its joint
share ownership plan (‘JSOP") or unallocated ordinary shares to satisfy share options granted under the Group's cther share option
plans. The EBT has waived all dividend and voting rights in respect of these shares. Therefore, the number of shares with exercisable
voting rights at 31 March 2024 was 114,472,370 (FY 23: 114,235,356),

During the year, 1,500,000 ordinary shares were transferred by the Company to the EBT for potential future satisfaction of share
incentive plans through the issuance of new shares at nominal value. Further, the EBT purchased a total of 1,035,154 shares from
the market in the year for a total of £3.8m, which was funded by the Group and is accounted for as a deduction from other reserves.

In the year, 1,272,168 shares held in the EBT were utilised for employee share option exercises.

Treasury shares
The Group held nil (FY 23: nil) shares in treasury.

22. Share-based payments
The Group has adopted a globally consistent share incentive plan approach, which is implemented using e'ficient jurisdiction specific
plans, as appropriate.

The management incentive pian
The Group has a management incentive plan (’MIP”) to retain and incentivise directors and senior management. The MIP consists of
four parts: part A of which will enable the granting of enterprise management incentive and non-tax advantaged options to acquire
shares; part B of which will enable the awarding of SOPs; part C of which will enable the awarding of restricted stock units ("SUS")
for participants in the US; and part D of which wil enable the awarding of RSUs in France (together the “options").

In prior years, the majority of options granted to certain directors and senior management of the Group were subject to the fulfilment
of three or more of the following performance concitions: (a) the Group achieving adjusted EPS growth of 15.0% or more to trigger &
maximum award, or 10.0% to trigger 4 66% award, with a linear application of awards between these levels; (b) the Group achieving
a total shareholder return (“TSR”) over three years in excess of the mean TSR delivered by a peer group of comparable companies;

(©) personal adherence to corporate values and risk policy; and (0) specific business unit EBITDA, or other personal targets and goals.

As disclosed last year, the Remuneration Committee approved parformance conditions for FY 23 awards, which further modified the
adjusted EPS growth range set out above to reflect the growth of the Group since AIM admission. The criteria for these share incentive
awards to certain directors and senior management of the Group, depending on the individual and their role, include: (a) the Group
achieving adjusted EPS growth of 11.25% or more lo trigger a maximum award, or 7.5% to trigger a 68% award, with a linear application
of awards between these levels; (b) personal adherence to corporate values and risk policy; and (c) specific Susiness unit EBITDA,

or other personal targets and goals. These criteria were also applied to FY 24 awards granted in the year.

Awards to senior management also contain a market condition requiring the Group te achieve a TSR over three years in excess of the
mean TSR delivered by a peer group of comparable companies.

MIP awards have either nominal or minimal exercise price payable in order to acquire shares pursuant to options. MIP awarcs have
gither three- or four-year vesting periods from the date of grant and are usually equity settled

The employee incentive plan
In addition to the MIP, the Board has previously put in place a medium-term employee incentive plan (EIP). Under the EIP, a broad
base of the Group's employses has been granted share options or share awards over a small number of shares. The EIP is structured
as is most appropriate under the local tax, lega! and regulatory rules in the key jurisdictions and therefore varies between those
Jurisdictions. No EP awards were made in the current or pricr years.

Movements in the year

During the year ended 31 March 2024, a total of 2,805,590 share cption and award grants were made to employees and senior management
(FY 23: 3,153,014). The weighted average of the estimated fair values of these options awarded in the year is £3.23 per share {FY 23: £3.14).

During the year 3,231,673 MIP and EIP awards vested following the satisfaction of performance conditions. The performance conditions
relating lo EPS growth and totai shareholder return exceeding a basket of comparable companies over three years to the vesting date
were met in full and the relevant local regional or individual budgetary performance conditions were met in full or part, in their respective
year of grant. Of these vested awards, 1,148,787 have been exercised, with a further 229,798 awards that vested in previous periods
also exercised in the year. Of these total 1,878,585 options exercised, the Group settled 1,272,168 through shares transferred from the
Group's EBT, with a further 106,417 options retained for net tax settlement. The weighted average share price at the dete of these
exercises was £3.80.

alphafme.com


===== page 145 =====
Annual} Report & Accounts 2024141

During the year, 195,201 share options were forfeited or as a result of leavers before vesting

Of the 2,128,394 share options exercisable at the year end, 2,082,886 share options vested in the year, The remaining vested award
holders have a further six to seven-year period, from the date of vesting, in which to exercise their vested awards.

Details of the share option awards made are as follows:

FY 24
Number
Outstanding at the beginning of the year ~ oe oo — 9,996,040
Granted during the year 2,808,590
Exercised during the year (1.378.585)
Forfeited during the year 198,201)
Expired duting the year -
Outstanding at the year end 7 TO 41,227,844
Exercisable at the year end 2,129,394

The weighted average exercise price for all options outstanding in both the current and prior years was nominal. The options,
Outstanding as at 31 March 2024 had a weighted average semaining contractual life of 1.2 years (FY 23: 1.7 years}.

During the year ended 31 March 2024, options were granted in July 2028 and January 2024 te certain employees and senior management.

MIP share options with an external market condition were valued at award using the Monte Carlo option pricing model. The mode!
simulates a variety of possible results, across 10,000 iterations for each of the options, by substituting @ range of values for any factor
that has inherent uncertainty over a number of scenarios using a different set of random values from the probability functions. The medel
takes any market-based performance Conditions into account and adjusts the fair value of the options based on the likelihood of meeting
the stated vesting conditions.

2
3
B
3
2.
z
g
g
g
a
é

MiP share optians without external market conditions and EIP share options were valued at award using a Black-Scholes model.

The inputs to these models in the period were as follows:

FY 24
Weighted average share priceatgrantdate £3.98
Exercise price Nominal
Volatility 26.42%
Weighted average share option life 4 years
Rlisk free rate 4.93%
Expected dividend yietd 3.00%

Volatility is calculated based on the relative rate at which Alpha's share price moves up and down, It is derived from calculating the
annualised standard deviation of the daily changes in share price. The expected expense calculated in the model has been adjusted,
based on management's best estimate, for the effects of non-market-based performance conditions and employee attrition,

The Group recognised a total expense of £7.3m {FY 23; £8.0m) in the current year, comprising £6.7m (FY 23: £7.0m) in relation to
equity-settied shara-based payments, and £0.6m (FY 23: £1.0m) relating to relevant social security taxes.

Given the more challenging market environment and the Group's performance in FY 24, in April 2024, the Remuneration Committee
considered the vesting of FY 24 awards to Executive Directors and senior management of the Group. It was determined that the overall
vesting levels of the FY 24 share options awards would be significantly lower than FY 23. This has been reflected in the calculation ef the
share-based payment charge in the year as well as the associated social security costs, Refer to the Remuneration Committae report on
©, 86 for further detaiis,

The combined carrying value of current and non-current liabilities relating to social security tax on share options as at 31 March 2024
is £2.5m (FY 23: £3.3m)} of which £2.3m was current and £1.4m was non-current. A £0.6m charge was recagnised in the consolidated
statement of comprehensive income in the year, offset by £0.4m of payments, Assumptions associated with the calculation of the social
security tax liability due on vesting of share options include an estimation af the forward-looking share price at the vesting date based
on analyst research and applicabie future tax rates. For these curposes, the share price is updated at each reporting period to reflect
histoncal trends, and is assumed to grow in line with the estimated future performance of the business.

If the estimated future share price assumption were to increase by 30%. the socia security casts in the period would increase by £0.4m
Were the share price assumption to reduce by 30% the charge would reduce by £0.4m.

if the estimated number of share options expected to forfeit annually were to decrease by 3% for all outstanding share options, the
share-based payment charge in the year would increase by £0.7m. H estimated annual forfeits were to imcrease by 3%, the charge
in the year would reduce by £0.7m.

alphafmre.com


===== page 146 =====
142 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

amen as . inar

23. Financial instruments
Carrying amount of financial instruments
The carrying amounts of the financial assets and liabilities include:

FY 24 FY 23,
e000 £°000
Financial assets measured at amortised cost ee
Cash and cash equivalents 29,392 59,215
Trade and other receivables 38,954 31,028
Total financial assets measured at amortised cost ; 68,346 90,243,
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
Trade and other payables (i) 25,858) 87,313)
Lease liabilities (2,560) (4,167)
Other non-current liabilities ti) - 625)
Total financial liabilities measured at amortised cost 7 oe (28,418) (42,099)
Financial liabilities measured at fair value
Eamn-out and deferred consideration (12,514) (24,949)
Derivative financial liabilities en -
Total financial fiabilities measured at fair value ~~" a (12,535) (24,949)

i) Trade and other receivables (note 15) as presented in the table above exclude capitalised contract fullment costs and prepayments
as these are non-financial assets.

i} Trade and other payables (rote 17) and other non-current liabilities (note 19) in the tabie above exclude deferred income, social
security tax on share options, and taxation and other social security as these are non-financial liabilities. Earn-out and deferred
consideration liabilities are presented as a separate line item in the table above.

The book value of the financial instruments is deemed to be approximate to fair value. There has been no impairment loss recognised in
the current or orior years in respect of financial assets.

The Group's financial instruments comprise cash and cash equivalents, items such as trade payables and trade receivables that arise
directly from its operations, and bank borrowings. These financial instruments arise in the ordinary course ct business anc their main
purpose is to provide finance for the Group's operations.

The Group’s operations expose it to a variety of financial risks including market risk, credit risk, liquidity risk, interest rate risk and foreign
currency exchange rate risk. The Board has overall responsibilty for internal control and risk managemant by the Group. In this structure,
the Audit and Risk Committee manages the processes of reviewing the quality of internal controls that are related to the financial
performance of the Group, as delegated by the Board. The policies set by the Board of Directors are implemented by the Company's
finance team.

Market risk
Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, including foreign exchange and interest rates, will affect tne Group's income or
the value of financial instruments held at the year end. The Directors do nat consider this to be a significant risk to the Group.

Inflation risk is the risk that the increased rate of ination in the market will have @ material impact on the Group's forecasted cash flows.
The Group has therefore considered current and plausibie inflation levels when forecasting future cash flows. The Group does not believe
that inflationary pressures represent a material risk to the Group's financial position at the balance sheet date.

alphatme.com


===== page 147 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 143

Credit risk
The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to potential default on its trade receivables, The Group considers a detault to nave
ocurred when a dalance is over 90 days overdue and there is no realistic prospect of payment. The Group nas policies that require
appropriate credit checks on potential customers before sales are made.

The Group has provided for a lifetime expected credit loss against the trade receivables balance al the balance sheet date. The likeihood
of default is assessed by reference to the ageing category of the receivables. Refer to note 15 for further details. Were the expected
credit joss rates applied to receivables by the Group to increase by 1% for each ageing category, the resulting adcitional credit loss to
the Group would be £0.3m.

interest rate risk

The Group has interest-bearing assets and liabilities. Interest-bearing assets comprise only cash and cash equivalents that earn interest
ata variable rate. The Group's revelving credit facility incurs a variable rate of interest.

If the variable interest rate applicable to the Group's revolving credit facility had been 500 bps higher in the year ended 31 March 2024,
finance expenses would have increased by £0.3m

Liquidity risk
The Group maintains a committed RCF alongside its cash balances, designed to ensure that it has sufficient available funds for operations:
and planned expansions. The Group monitors its levels of working capital to ensure that it can meet its fabilties as they fall due.

‘The concentration of liquidity risk is primarity around acquisition-related payments the Group is committed to make over the next several
years. The Group’s cash and RCF facility are expected to be more than sufficient to cover these labilities as they fall due. Refer to
note 13 for further detail of thase acquisition liabilities.

The Group's current trade payables, accruals and other payables totalling £25,9m are expected to be paid within six months of the
balance sheet date. Of the gross undiscounted amounts payable in relation to earn-out and deferred consideration, £11.3m is expected
to be paid within six months of the balance sheet date, £1.tm is expected to be paid between 12 and 18 months of the balance sheet
date, with the remainder of £1.0m to be paid across FY 27, FY 28 and FY 29. A separate maturity analysis of the Group's lease liabilities
ig disclosed in note 7.

Financial risk and fair value measurement

‘The Group is liabie for contingent earn-out payments on the acquisition of Lionpoint and Shoreline and, as at 21 March 2024, holds a

liability (hat represents the fair value of amounts that may become payable. The disclosures below exclude amounts classified as
emplayment-linked,

The fair value is determined by estimating the expected payment, discounted to present value using a risk-adjusted discount rate.
The expected payment is determined separately in respect of each earn-out agreement, taking into consideration the expected level of
financial performance of each acquisition against agreed contractual eam-out terms, An undiscounted expected payment of $11.2m
{£8.9m} has been discounted at 4.2% relating to outstanding contingent consideration on the Liongoint acquisition, which is payable in
FY 26. A further AUD 2.0m (£1.0m) of contingent consideration reiating to the Shoreline acauisition has been discounted at 15.9%,
falling due across the next four years.

‘The Group has assessed the estimation uncertainty of the liability held in relation to contingant consideration. The fair value of
acquisition earn-outs is no longer considered to be an area of significant estimation uncertainty given proximity te and more certainty
around the final Lionpoint earn-out payment, which is reflected in the lower discount rate used.

The fair value of the earn-out liabiity held in relation of Shoreline is also not considered to have a material level of estimation uncertainty
given the size of the liability. The Directors consider the undiscounted future contingent consideration payable in resoect of the Shoreline
acquisition could reasonably range between fnil and £1.0m.

Foreign currency exchange rate risk
‘The Group is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk mainly as a result of trade receivables and payables that will be sottied in
euros and US dollars, as well as Lionpoint acquisition liabilities that are recorded in US dollars and the Shoreline acquisition liabikties
that are recorded in Australian dollars. The Group uses avaliable currency resources to help mitigate exposures.

During the year, the Group entered into an FX swap derivative contract in order to manage the Group's currency requirements alongside
the foreign exchange exposure arising from the Lionpoint acquisition tabilities denominated in US dollars. The near lag of the swap was
settled in November 2023, with the Group selling $10.0m in return for £7.9m at the prevailing spot rate of 1.26. The far leg of the swap to
be settled in August 2024 requires the Group to sali £7.9/n in retum for $10.0m at a forward rate of 1,26, The Group has measured this
derivative at fair value through profit and loss, in line with the requirements of IFRS @, and has not formally designated this derivative to
quality for necige accounting. The derivative nad a negligible fair value at the balance sheet date.

alphatmec.com

z
3
a
3
2
=
¢
g
s
2
2



===== page 148 =====
144  Annuai Report & Accounts 2024

“fests os mae At. carta

23. Financial instruments continucd

The impact on the Group's net fee income arising from a 5% adverse movement in all foreign exchange rates relevant to the Grou
would be £6.9m (2.9%) in FY 24, The same sensitivity would algo result in a decrease in the Group's net assets of £4.6m,

GBP EUR USD CHF SGD NOK DKK AUD CAD RSD HKD AED

FY 24 ‘000, "000, 000, 000 "000 7000 ‘000 "000 "000 "000 ‘000 “000
Trade receivables 40786 4,832 22,209 506 52 - 4289 1.208 107 - = -
Cash 3,566 8,280 9,989 850 2,001 63 9,915 2,665 10,793 9,660 1 -
Trade payables 2.894 (36) (1192) I) 7) -  @) 179) 8) 3J_— RA) GOH
Netamount —==—4,858 12,776 31,008 1,245 (1,980 —«63-«*14,163—=«3,601 10,864 9,507 (5)——(60}

GBP EUR USD CHF SGD NOK DKK AUD CAD RSD HKD = AED

FY 23 ‘000 ‘000, “000 *000 ‘000, 000 "000 ‘000, “000, “000 ‘000 "000
Trade receivabies 992 4559 13,362 1344 504 «51824 «12290:«OB8
Cash 6881 11.432 47344 769 1806 1368 91 3,368 «257 451914 -
Trade payables 86) 791) 1774) 48)) i) 90) 8) 435) 12) -
Netamount __—~—=-43,212 «15,200 58,932 2,065 2,908 1,973 2,718 4,507 525 4,078 = 2

24. Capital risk management

The Group's objectives when managing capital are to safaguard its ability to continue as a going concern, provide returns for
shareholders and maintain an optimal capital structure to recluce the cost of capital.

The Group defines capital as being share capital plus ail reserves, which amounted to £148.5m as at 31 March 2024 (FY 23: £149.3m).
The Board of Directors monitors the ievel of capital as compared to the Group's long-term cebt commitments and adjusts tne ratio of
debt to capital as is determined to be necessary. by issuing new shares, reducing or increasing debt, paying dividends and returning
capital to shareholders. The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requiraments.

25. Related party disclosures

Related parties, following the definitions within IAS 24, are the Group's subsidiary companies, members of the Board, key management
personnel and their families, and shareholders who have contro! or significant influence over the Group.

‘The Group considers key management personnel, as defined under IAS 24 Related Party Disclosures, to be the Company's Directors
and cartain members of the Group's senior management team that report into the Group Coordination Committee as detailed on p. 74
Further disclosures are set out in the Remuneration Committee report on pp 84-94 and in nule 5. There were ne transactions within the
year in which the Directors had any interest.

Transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries are on an arm’s length basis and have been eliminated on consolidation ang

are not disclosed in this note. None of the Group's shareholders are deemed to have control or significant influence and therefore are
not classified as related parties for the purposes of this note.

26. Ultimate controlling party

Asat 31 March 2024 there is no ultimate controlling party of the Group. The largest shareholders in the Group are set out in the
Directors’ Report and are also published at alphafme.cam/invastars/aim-rule-26.

27. Events after the reporting period

Gn 20 June 2024, the Board of Directors announced a recommended cash offer to acauire the Group by Actium Bidco (UK) Limited,
a newly incorporated indirect subsidiary of certain funds managed by Bridgepoint Advisers Limited, which is expected to be implemented
oy way of a scheme of arrangement.

alphafme.com


===== page 149 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 145

Asat Asat
31 March 2024 31 March 2023
Note a £7000
Assets —— — ~ oes 7
Non-current assets
Investments 70,493 1,344
Deferred tax assets 4 560 1,028
Amounts owed by Group undertakings: 90,662 166,012
Total non-current assets : 0,715” 167,384
Gurrentassets ~ EE
Trade and other receivables 5 308 88
Corporation tax 264 383
Cash and cash equivalents 6 23 205
Total current assets ~~ ~ ee ee
Trade and other payables ? 4.957) 14,407)
Total currentiiabilities = gn aa
Net current liabilities 7 7 a 272) (13,771)
Non-current liabilities | ~ ~T oO i 7
Other non-current liabilities 8 26) 7
Total non-currentfiabilities ee 26) 7)
Netassts TT t00,817 89,556
Equity
Issued share capital 92 90
‘Share premium 119,438 119,438
Other reserves 16,094 13,546
Retained earnings 24,793 20,082
Total shareholders’ equity. 7 160.417 «158,556.

As permitted by Section 408 of the Companies Act 2006, a separate statement of comprehensive income of the parent Company nas
not been presented. The parent Company's profit for the year was £21.0m,

The notes on pp 147-153 form part of these financial statements. These financial statements were approved and authorised for issue
by the Board of Directors on 20 June 2024, They were signed on its behalf by:

Luc MJ Baqué
Cnief Executive Officer

Company registered number: 09968297

John C Paton
Chief F

ian OF cer

alphatme.com

2
z
§
a
5
g
F
H
g

ag



===== page 150 =====
146 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

For the year ended 31 March

Total

Issued share Share Other Retained shareholders”

capital premium reserves earnings ‘equity

ee _ oo _ _ oe £000 _ £000 _ oo £'000 _ £'000

As at 1 April 2022 119,438 9,224 17,420 146,171

Comprehensive income
Profit for the year - - ~ 19,437 15.437

Transactions with owners

Shares issued (equity) 1 - - 0) -
Share-based payment charge - - 7,023 - 7,028
Net settlement of vested share options - - (343) - (343)
Purchase of own shares by the EBT - - (1199) - (1,139)
Current tax recognised in equity - - 276 - 276
Deferred tax recognised in equity - - (1,095) - (1,098)
Dividends - - - (12,774) (12,74)
‘As at 31 March 2023 _ ~ "90 119,438 13,946 20,082 153,556
Gomprehensive income
Profit for the year - - - 20,959 20,959
Transactions with owners
Shares issued (equity) 2 - - @ -
Share-based payment charge - - 6,663 - 6,663
Net settlement of vested share options - - (457) - (457)
Purchase of own shares by the EBT - - 8,843) - (6.843)
Current tax recognised in equity - - 162 - 162
Deferred tax recognised in equity - - @7?) - (77)
vidends - - - (16,246) (16,248)
As at 31 March 2024 _ ee _ 92 119,438 16,094 24,793 160,417

Issued share capital
Issued share capital represents the nominal value of share capital subscribed.

Share premium

The share premium account is used to record the aggregate value of premiums paid when the Company's shares are issued at a
premium, net of associated share issuance costs.

Other reserves

The other reserves represent the cumulative fair value of the IFRS 2 share-based payment charge recognised for the Group each year,
associated current tax, deferred tax and net settlement of vested share options, equity-settied acquisition consideration reserves.
and purchases of the Company's own shares by the employee benefit trust ("FBT")

Retained earnings
The retained earnings reserve reoresents cumulative net profits and losses recognised in the statement of comprehensive income,
less dividends paid.

atphafme.com


===== page 151 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 147

1. Summary of significant accounting policies
General information

Aloha Financial Markets Censulting pic ‘the Company") is a public company incorporated, domiciled and registered in England,
in the UK. The registered number is 09965297 and the registered address is 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB,

The parent company financial statements present information about the Company as a separate entity and not about the consolidated Group.

Basis of preparation

These financial statements were prepared in accordance with FRS 101.

In preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement and disclosure requirements of
International Financial Reporting Standards ["FRS'), but makes amendments where necessary in order to comply with the Companies
Act 2006 and has set out below where advantage of the FRS 101 disclosure exemptions has been taken,

in these financial statamerts, he Company has applied the exemptions available under FRS 101 in respect of the following disclosures:
A cash flow statement and related notes;
Comparative period reconciliations for share capital, tangible fixed assets, intangible assets and investment properties;
Disclosures in respect of transactions with wholly awned subsidiaries;

— Disclosures in respect of capita! management:
The effects of new but not yet effective IFRS:

- The requirements of paragraphs 17 and 1A of IAS 24 Related Party Disclosures; and

z
3
2
&
2
ES
8
é

— The requirements in JAS 24 to disclose related party transactions entered into between two or more members of a group, pravided
that any subsidiary which is a party to the transaction is wholly owned by such a member.

As the consolidated financiat statements of the Group inciude the equivalent disclosures, the Company has also taken the exemptions
under FRS 101 available in respect of the foliowing disclosures:

— The requirements of FRS 2 Share-Based Payment in respect of Group settled share-based payments: and
The requirements of IFRS 7 Financial instruments: Disclosures.

The Company financial statements are prepared on the historical cost basis. Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale are
stated at the lower of the carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell

The presentational currency of these financial statements and the functional currency of the Company is pounds sterling. All amounts
in these financial statements have been rounded to the nearest £1,000.
Going concern

The Directors have, at the time of approving the financial statements, a reasonable expectation that the Company and the Group have
adequate resources to continue iri operation for the foreseeable future. For further details please refer to note 1 of the Group's
consoiidated financial statements.

Principal accounting policies

The accounting policies set out on pp 147-148 have, unless otherwise stated. been applied consistently to all periods presented
in these Company financial statements,

Siqnticant mdgements and

ates

The preparation of financial information in accordance with IFRS requires management to make judgements, estimates ang
assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses.

The Directors have made no judgements, excluging those involving estimations, in the process of applying the Company's accounting
Policies that are considered to have a significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements for the year ended
31 March 2024.

The Directors consider that there 1s no material leve! of estimation uncertainty associated with the Company's financial statements
at the balance sheet date.

Pees eis aL38

Investments in subsidianes are stated at cost less any provision for impairment. The Company monitors for indicators of impairment
throughout the reporting period, and a full impairment assessment is performed on an annual basis, or more frequently where such
indicators exist.

The Company applies 2 bock-value method of transferring control of subsidiaries between the Company and its wholly owned
subsidiaries. All entities involved in the transfer are part of a wider economic group. aré related parties within the Group, and are
transierred at 2 vaiue equal to the book value of the investment held relating to the transferred company at the date of transfer.

alphatme.com


===== page 152 =====
148 = Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Mote? sh a Dare

1. Summary of significant accounting policies cantinued

Dvvidendts

Group dividends proposed by the Board are recognised in the financial statements when they have been approved by shareholders at the
AGM. Interim dividends are recognised when they are paid.

Amounts owed by Group imdertasings

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less provision
for impairment. A provision for impairment of intercompany receivables is established using an expected credit loss model. Amounts owed
by Group undertakings are presented within non-current receivables where they are not expected to be settled within the Group’s
normal operating cycia.

Amouits owea to Group undertak.r
Amounts owed to Group undertakings, presented in trade and other ayables, are recognised initially at fair value anc subsequently
measured at amortised cost

Employee benefits

The cost of share-based employee compensation arrangements, whereby employees receive remuneration in the form of shares or
share options, is recognised as an employee benefit expense in the statement cf profit or loss,

The total expense to be apportioned aver the vesting period of the benefit is determined by reference to tne fair value (excluding the
effact of non-market-based vesting conditions) at the date of grant.

in determining the fair value of share-hased payments under IFRS 2, management has considered a number of internal and external
factors in order to judge the probability that management and emptoyee share incentives may vest. Such judgements involve estimating
fulure performance and other non-market-based factors.

At the end of each reporting period the assumptions underlying the eumber of awards exnacted to vest are adjusted for the effects
of non-market-based vesting conditions to reflect the conditions prevailing at that date. The impact of any revisions to the original
estimates is recognised in profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to equity, Fair value is measured by the use of a binomial
made!. The assumptions have been adjusted, based on management's best estimate, for the effects of non-transferability, lack of
dividend until vesting and exercise restrictions

The fair value calculations nave been externally assessed as reasonabie in the circumstances.

The Company applies an intra-group recharge arrangement to the share-based payments charge relating to employees of other
entities within the wider Group, to reflect the benefits received by the respective entity in relation to employees granted share options.

The Company is deemed to be the settiing entity in the intra-group arrangement, as share options granted are in relation to ordinary
sharas of the Company, and recognises the share-based payments charge for the ful Group in other reserves. The Gompany’s
subsidiaries are considered to be the receiving entities in the arrangement, in line with the benefit received for services provided
through ongoing employment.

Amounts relating to employees who provide services directly to the Company are recorded as an equity-seltled share-oased payment
charge through the Company's statement of comprehensive income and are not recharged

The remaining charge in relation to employees who provide Services to other Group entities ‘s initially recognised as an investment in
subsidiaries and is simultaneously reversed upon the recharge of this cost to the receiving entity through amounts owed by Group
undertakings. This charge is recognised within the profit and toss of the relevant receiving entities. The Company presents these
movements in investments on a net basis within note 2.

For further details on the background to share-based payment plans anc disclosures. please refer to nate 22 of the Group's
consclidated financial statements.

Shar
Shares held in treasury or by Alpha's employee benefit trust ("EBT") consist of ordinary shares in Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc.
These shares are recorded at cost and are deducted from equity.

veld m reasury or by Alora’s employee benefit must

Other significant accounting policies are consistent with those presented within the notes to the Group's consolidated financial statements.

Changes in accounting policies
Several standards, interpretations and amendments to existing standards bacame offactive for the year ended 31 March 2024,

or will become effective in subsequent periods, as detailed on p. 119 of the Group accounts, none of which had a material impact
on the Company.

alphafme.com


===== page 153 =====
2. Investments and amounts owed by Group undertakings

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 149

Amounts
‘owed by
Investments in Group:
Subsidiaries undertakings
" £1000
Cost — ~ ~ ~ OO - 7 ~— —
As at 1 April 2022 1,344 144,639
Additions - 27,608
Repayments - (7.407)
Foreign exchange = 172
AS at3t March 2023 ~ oO 7 — ~ “1344 ~ 165,012
Additions 204,029 25,550
Repayments - (99,535)
Foreign exchange = 25
Asat3iMarch2024s—s—“*S*S™*S*:*S™S™~*~*~<Cs*s~<“—*s*s~—~SsSSCSCSC*éi BB,
Impairment 3a
As at 1 April 2022 - - &
Impairment charge ee Be BO - #
As at 31 March 2023 - -
Impairment charge (134,880) 40)
Asat@iMarch2024, 0 ss—“—s™sS™S~sSSSCSCSC‘SCNC#*#*CN#C#HB8Q}" (QO)
Net book value as at 31 March 2024 70,493 90,662
Net book value as at 31 March 2023 1,344

During the year. amounts recognised in relation to the share-based payment charge, which are subsequently reversed thraugh
intra-group recharge arrangements, were £6.6m (FY 23: 25.8]. These amounts are presented net in the table above in line with
the Company's accounting policies

In October 2023, a number of transactions were undertaken as part of a project te simplify the holding company structure within

the Alpha Group. Additions to invastments in subsigiaries of £204.0m include £69.m arising from the issue of new shares in the
Company's subsidiaries, Promissory notes were issued in consideration for the issue of the new shares, resulting in a corresponding
decrease in the amounts owed by Group undertakings. Aiso included within additions is £134.9m arising from the distributions in specie
of shares in other Group companies received from the Company's subsidiaries.

The impairment of investments in subsidiaries of £134.9m recognised in the year effectively reverses the income received from the
distributions in specie that gave rise to the same investments. This impairment charge relates to four legacy holding companigs, which
are now dormant and have no remaining economic value. and therefore the recoveraible ammount of these investments is ni, The investments
in these companies have been fully impaired and their net book value at 31 March 2024 is nil. These companies are now in members’
voluntary liquidation.

Following these transactions, there is no overall change in the total economic value of the subsidiaries owned directly or indirectly by the
Company, with the increase in the vaiue of investments in subsidiaries offset by a corresponding decrease in amounts owed by Group
undertakings. Simitarly, there is no net impact on retained earnings.

The undertakings in which the Group and Company had interest at the year end of more than 20% are as foliows:

Glass and Glass and
percentage of percentage of
Country of Registered sharesheld- shares held ~
Subsidiary undertakings incorporation address Principat activity _ _ 81 March 202431 March 2023
Alpha FMC Trustee Limited UK 1 Dormant 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Midco Limited UK 1 Dormant 190% ordinary 100% ordinary
Aipna FMC Midco 2 Limited* UK t Dormant 100% ordinary 190% ordinary
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited UK 1 Intermediate holding company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited"* UK 1 Dormant 100% erdinary 190% ardinary
Aipha FMC Group Nominees Limited UK 1 Dormant 400% ordinary 190% ordinary
Alpha FMC Group Limited"® uk 1 Dormant 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting 1 100% ordinary

Group Limited

intermediate holding company

190% ordinary

25 These comaanas were miznamnas sowinary quidatian ag at 2° Afarsh 2026 andl earart ~ awnation 28.6 he datm gf he repors These companies are oxing lauiatens to SemB me
hstonga he ding company exveture wihin Ime Group

alphatme.com


===== page 154 =====
150

Annual Report & Accounts 2024

2. Investments and amounts owed by Group undertakings curlinued

‘Subsidiary undertakings

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
UK Limited

Alpha Tachnology Services
Consulting Limited

Aiviq Limited

Alpha Financial Markets
Consulting, Inc.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
SAS.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
(Luxembourg) S.A

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Netherlands B.V,

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Switzerland S.A.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Germany GmbH

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Singapore Pte. Ltd.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Hong Kong Limited

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Australia PTY Limited

Axxsys Limited

Axxsys Financial Software Consulting
Canada Limited

Axxsys Consulting USA inc.
Axxsys Danmark ApS
‘Obsician Solutions Limited

Alpha Technology Services
Consulting S.A.S.

Obsidian Alpha Data Solutions LLC
Belgrade

Alpha FM Consulting Canada Inc.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
(Insurance) France S.A.S.

Lionpoint Holdings, Inc
Lionpoint Group, LLG
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Lionpoint Group SA
Lionpoint Group Pty Limited
Lionpoint GmbH

Alpha Data Solutions Limited

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
MENA Ltd”?

Shoreline Asset and Wealth
Consulting Inc.®

Shoreline Consolidated PTY Ltd!
Shoreline Consulting Pte, Ltd.“*
Shoreline Consulting PTY Ltd

Country of

UK

UK
UK

USA

France

Luxembourg

Netherlands

Switzerland

Germany

Singapore

Hong Kong

Australia
UK
Canada

USA
Denmark
UK

France

Serbia
Canada
France

USA

USA

UK
‘Switzerland
Australia
Germany
UK

uK

Canada
Australia
Singapore

Australia

incorporation

Registered
address

1

n

12
13

a

22
23
22

Principal activity

Consultancy services

Dormant
Consultancy services

Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services

Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services

Dormant
Consultancy services
Consultancy services

Consultancy services

Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services

Intermediate holding company
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consuttancy services

Dormant

Consultancy services

Dormant

intermediate holding company
Consultancy services
Cansultaney services

Class and
percentage of
shares held —

31 March 2024

100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

Class and
percentage of
shares held
31 March 2023

100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary

NA

NYA
N/A
N/A

47 Alpha FIG |Newrco] Limited has changed 5 narne fo Alpha Financial Markets Gonsuiling MENA Ltc.

48 Al Shoreline entities were acquired in May 2023.

alphafme.com


===== page 155 =====
Annuai Report & Accounts 2024 151

Registered addresses

1 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7B8, UK

12 East 49" Street, New York, NY 10017, USA

6 Square de L'Opéra Louis Jouvet, 75009 Paris, France

19/21 Route d’Arlon - bloc B, L-8009 Strassen, Luxembourg
Strozzilaan 101, Amsterdam, 1083 HN, The Netherlands
Stockerstrasse 55, 8002 Zurich, Switzerand

Kurt - Blaum - Platz 8, 63450 Hanau, Germany

6A Shenton Way #04-01 Downtown Gallery, Singapore 068815

Pan oanean

22/F Neich Tower, 128 Gloucester Road. Wanchai, Hong Kong

10 Quay Quarter Tower, 50 Bridge Street, Syney NSW 2000, Austraia
1800-13401 108" Avenue, Surrey, British Columbia V3T $73, Canada

12 Incorp Services, Inc,, 919 North Market Street, Suite 950, Wilmington, DE 19801

12. Flaesketorvel 68, DK-1711 Copenhagen, Denmark

14 Dvadesetsedmog marta 6-6a, 11060 Palilula, Belgrade, Serbia

18 Suite 1700, Park Place, 666 Burrard Street, Vancouver, BC V6C2XB, Canada.
16 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, Delaware 19808-1674, USA

17 6 The Green, Suite A, Dover, Delaware 19901, USA

18 Rue ditalie 11, 1204, Geneva, Switzerland

18 Ground Floor, 123 Walker Street, North Sydney NSW, 2060, Australia

20 c/o KUNZ Rechtsanwalte, Antoniterstrae 14-16, KéIn, 50667, Germany

2

z
Fi
3
3
3
Es
2
3
s
2
3
&

199 Bay Street, Suite 5300 Commerce Court West, Toronto, Gntario, MSL 1B9 Canada
22 Accru Felsers, Level 6, 1 Chifley Square, Sydney, NSW 2000
23 Marina Bay Financial Centre, 8 Marina Boulevard #11-00, 018981, Singapore

3. Auditor remuneration

Amounts receivable by the Company's auditor and its associates in respect of services to the Company and its associates, other than
the audit of the Company's financial statements, have not been disclosed as the information is instead disclosed on a consolidated
basis in note 3 of the consolidated financial statements.

4. Deferred tax

Movements in deferred tax

Recognised Recognised
1 April 2023, Ie income inequity 31 March 2024
AsatgiMarch202$ _ tooo 00 0] g000
Share options 1,028 @y (877) 960
Deferred tax asset 1,028 (91) 77) 560
Recognised Recognised
1 April 2022 in income inequity 31 March 2023
As at 31 March 2023 000 0 £7000, £°000.

Share optior
Deferred tax asset 3,213 (1,090) (1,095)

For the year ended 31 March 2024, the Company has recognised a total charge of $0.2m (FY 23: £0.5m} of tax through equity, of which
£0.4m (FY 23: £1:im) relates to a reduction in deferred tax on share options outstanding, partly offset by 2 £0.2m credit (FY 23: £0,3m}
relating to current tax on the exercise of share options.

alphafme.com


===== page 156 =====
152. Annual Report & Accounts 2024

5. Trade and other receivables

Prepayments
Current trade and other receivables

6. Cash and cash equivalents

FY 24 FY 23

oe ee £'000 £'000

Gash inbankandathand : 8 205
Gash and cash equivalents TO 23 205

7. Trade and other payables

FY 24 FY 23

- ok £000 £'000

Amounts owed to Group undertakings OS : "1,050 18,332
Other payables 567 574
Social security tax on share options 340 501
Total amounts owed within one year ; eee 1,957 “14,407

Amounts owed to Group undertakings reduced by £12.2m to £1.1m (FY 23: £13.31} resulting from repayments of intercompany loans
during the year.

8. Other non-current liabili

FY 24, FY 23
£000 £000
Social security tax on share options 7 26 ‘67
Total amounts owed after one year . HC
9. Financial instruments
Carrying amount of financial instruments
The carrying amounts of the financial assets and liabilities include:
FY 24 FY 23
£000 £000
Financial assets measured at amortised cost : eee 90,685 165,285
Financial assets measured at historical cost 70,498 1944
Financial liabilities d at amortised c 1,983) (14,464)
Netfinancial assets i 7 — “159,195 152,165

The book value of the financial instruments is deemed to be approximate to fair value.

The Company's financial instruments comprise intercompany receivables, investments in subsidiaries, cash and trade and other
payables. These financial instruments arise in the ordinary course of business and their main purpose is to provide finance for the
Group's operations.

The Group's operations exoose it to credit risk arising from intercompany receivables. Management has overall responsibility for internal
control and risk management by the Company. The policies set oy management are implemented by the Company's finance team.

Credit risk

The Company's credit risk is primarily attributable to its intercompany receivables. The Company provides financing to other entities
within the Group on an unsecured and typically interest-free basis, repayable on demand. There is no collateral held on these receivable
balances, The expected credit loss on the Company's financial assets is measured annually based on historical datapoints and an
assessment of the forward-looking probability of default. The expected credit loss on the Company's intercompany receivables is
immaterial as at 31 March 2024.

The Directors consider the intercompany receivables to represent a low credit risk and credit risk is not considered to have increased
significantly since intial recognition. The wider Group has a strong liquidity position ang there is no current expectation by the Directors
for repayment of the intercompany balances in tha short term.

alphatme.com


===== page 157 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 153

10. Share-based payments
Options under the Group’s "Management incentive plan” share option schemes have Deen granted to employees of the Company.
For further information, including the terms and conditions of these awards please refer to note 22 of the Group's consolidated
financial statements.

_ FY24 FY 23
Weighted Weighted
average average
Exercise price remaining Exercise price remaining
of outstanding contractual of outstanding contractual
‘options lite options life
. es ee £ Years
Management incentive plan awards Nominal 13 Nominal 1

The Company's waighted average share price a! the date of exercised awards in the year was £3.50.

The Company recognised a share-based payment expense in the year of £0.1m FY 23: £1.2m), A credit of £0.1m (FY 28: a charge of £0.39)
to the statement of comprehensive incame was recognised in relation to the realignment of the associated social secunty liabilities to
reliect assumptions at the year end, including the Group's lower share price.

All share options granted in FY 24 will be forfeited due to the performance conditions associated with the awards not being satisted,
Therefore, there is no share-based payment charge or associated social security cost in relation to these awards. Refer to the
Remuneration Committee report on p. 85 for further details.

As disclosed in the FY 23 Annual Report and Accounts, Euan Fraser stepped down from the role of Chief Executive Officer and fram the
Board on 31 March 2023 and remained with the Group as a strategic adviser on a part-time basis. This rasuited in an acceleration to the
share-based payment charge in relation to Euan's share options in FY 23, as ail employment-linked conditions attached to these options
were removed.

Assumptions associated with the calculation of the social security tax lability due on vesting of share options include an estimation af
the forward-looking share prite at the vesting date based on applicable analyst research and applicable future tax rates. For these
Purposes, share price is updated at each reporting period to reflect historical tevels, and is assumed to grow ia line with the estimated
future performance of the business.

11. Related parties
Identity of related parties with which the Company has transacted

The Company has not engaged in any transactions with any related parties other than with whally owned subsidiaries,
These transactions have not been disclosed as the Company has taken advantage of examptions under FRS 101.

12. Events after the reporting period

On 20 June 2024, the Board of Directors announced a recommended cash offer to acquire the Company by Actium Bidco (Uk} Limited,
a newly incorporated indirect subsidiary of certain funds managed by Bridgepont Advisers Limited, which is expected to be implemented
by way of @ scheme of arrangement.

alphatme.com

z
Fi
3
5
2
=
ry
g
Fi
Ej
g
e.



===== page 158 =====
154 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

The mission of the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board
(‘SASB’} is to develop and disseminate sustainability accounting
standards that help public corporations disclose material,
decision-usefut information to investors. The Group adepts

the SASB framework as it allows organisations to provide
comparatle and consistent ESG-related data. As a “professional
and commercial services" organisation under SASB, the material
factors according to the SASB framework are as follows:

data security;
- workforce diversity & engagement; and
professional integrity.

The below tables provide the numeric metrics relating to these
factors over the past 12 months where applicable, in adgition to
the internal frameworks used to manage these risks on an ongoing
basis. Further qualitative data for each of the material factors is
provided throughout the Annual Report. The Group also recognises
the increasing importance of the environment to its investors,
employees and other stakeholders, which it describes in addition
to the required disclosure.

Data Security

Principal locations in this Annual Report
Risk management 9. 59
Looking after our peopie: emphasis on

culture and inclusion p. 37
Social: diversity and inclusion p. 44

Workforce Diversity
& Engagement

‘Professional Integrity Sustainable business: governance
pp 41-43; and community and social

responsibility pp 44-45

ESG metrics:

Topic: Data Security
Measurement, Y
Number of data breaches =

FY 23 ASB Code_
= SV-PS-230a.3

Desc pticn of to identifying and addressr
security 7 ots: Sv-PS-230u1

Alpha continues to moniter and maintain a robust security posture
across the organisation. Alpha seeks to address the ever-evolving
cyber threat landscape by monitoring and improving, as appropriate,
global security measures and controls.

juattes

The Group's IT and data security strategy also ensures that the
confidentiality, integrity and availability of data is maintained and
is frequently assessed and updated to remain aligned with global
data protection frameworks and regulations.

Alpha has identified a number of key risk areas that are regularly
monitored and considered including: the misuse of data; accidental
or intentional dissernination of data; loss, theft or compromise of
data and/or information; incorrect data Seing used for internal or
external purposes: and unauthorised access of equipment and/or
physical resources.

alphatme.com

fetes hd wales ae gave mor
Alpha maintains a suite of information security policies, which
are raviewed and updated regularly, Alphas |T and information
security function recommend relevant changes and they are
approved by the senior leadership lear. represented by the
Group Coordination Committee.

These policies are based! upon best practice from the National
Institute of Standards and Technology ("NIST") framework
Policies include but are not limited to:

Acceptable use;
Access control,

- Antivirus and threat management;
Asset management:
Data privacy;
Data encryption:
Information security training:
Password management,
Secure development;
Wireless network policy; and
Business continuity and disaster recovery.

The information security policies attest to the responsibility,
governance and business practices that Alpha applies to the
topics surrounding IT and data security, and enable the Group to
validate information security and risk posture on a constant basis,

Semor oversight and executive sponsorship

Alpha’s Head of IT, reporting into the Group Head of Operations,
is responsible for the oversight and management of incidents,
risks, and remedial activities pertaining to Alpha’s IT, infrastructure
and information security function, Executive sponsorship of IT and
data security in the leadership team is provided by the Group
Managing Director and day-to-day oversight is the responsibility
of the information Security Lead.

Alpha operates an internal Information Security Management
Forum (‘ISMF"), chaired by the Information Security Lead. The
ISMF meets regularly to review incidents, risk and mitigation
activities across the Group. This forum is also used to identify and
oversee the activities that are required to meet seourity accreditations
and certifications; for example, managing activities pertaining to
Aivio’s ISO-27001 certification. In the year, Aivia also successfully
obtained the Cyber Essential Plus certification.


===== page 159 =====
Worwior < cisegana aarens =

All Alpha employees are trained and empowered to take responsibilty
for data security across the organisation. Mandatory data handling
and information security training s issued annually with a positive
pass required of each employee. This mandatory annual training
is supplemented throughout the year with security awareness
training modules, delivered electronically.

Social engineering assessments are addltionally undertaken with
analysis and benchmarking against industry average statistics.
Further mandatory training is issued as a follow up following
completion of these assessments, Technical safeguards such as
multifactor authentication (*MFA', secure email gateway, secure
cloud access gateway, DMARC anti-spoofing contrats and
phishing reporting are also implemented.

Alpha continues to adopt market-leading cloud technolagies to
ensure @ multi-layered approach in defending its infrastructure,
people and data trom emerging cyber threats, Using these platforms,
Alpha had deployed a broad range of technical contrals around
encryption, intrusion detection and prevention, data leak prevention,
traffic inspection, and threat scanning. Additionally, new technologies
are regularly evaluated as Alpha continues to assess the security
landscape and identifies potential changes in risk, Given the
continuation of hybrid working, further investment nas also been
made in the Group's Endpoint protection and detection suite, which
includes best in olass technologies anc threat intelligence capabilty.

Proactive monitoring across Alpha’s core infrastructure is undertaken
by the security operations centre (°SOC"), for which Alpha leverages
a qualified third party (BDO Digital. The SOC enables the organisation
to assess robustly alerts and events, correlate with threat
intelligence and take the appropriate course of investigation,

Pobust nen ze eh sponse

The Group Head of Legal & Corporate Affairs oversees Alpna’s
protection and privacy framework, including compliance with all
relevant regulations. The Group Head of Operations oversees
operational procedures aligned to that framework with support
from the IT and business support teams,

fora

Alpha operates a unified global incident response and breach
managernent process, which ensures we are able to appropriately
assess and triage all data security incidents, and ensure that the
most effective remediation is applied. The response function
ensures the timely containment of any incident(s) and mpact
assessment, and handles both internal and external notifications
if and when required.

During the previous 12 months, there were no reportable data breaches.

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 155

beje Wa ranonens

Alpha fully understands its custodial obtgations around protecting
internal, employee and client intormation. In ling with this, Aipha
has implemented and annually reviews a global data protection
policy and privacy statement, which comprises relevant orvacy
notices relating to different areas of the business, Alpha’s privacy
statement axplains the types of information collected and processed,
and governance of the usage altributed to this data collection,
and outlines the appropriate data retention schedules,

In accordance with the privacy stalement, Aipha collects and
processes contact and organisational information for legitimate
business purposes, safeguarded by a suite of technical controls
to mitigate the risk of data breaches arising from external threats,

All systems and applications are configured on a least-privilege
basis, ensuring access to data is appropriate by job function, Al
cloud platforms are assessed at the point of implementation and
annually thereafter to assess data residency end ongoing
compliance with the appropriate regional legisiation

To further mitigate risks associated with data handling and
security, Alpha has deployed several risk controls including:

~ Annuai review and approval of global information security
policies by the Group Coordination Committee:

Executive spansorship of IT and data security in the leadership
team is provided by the Group Managing Director,

— Clear oversight of and responsibility tor the data protection and
privaay framework by the Global Head! of Legal & Corporate AVfairs:

~ Clear lines of operational responsibility and engagement
acrass ths global data protection governance. overseen
by the Group Head of Operations;

Training and awareness to promote good cyber hygiene and
build a secunty aware culture;

Social engineering assessments across the global workforce,
robustly analysed to benchmark attack susceptibility against
industry averages;

Security operations centre performing real-tme infrastructure
monitoring, correlating events and alerts with threat analytic
feeds and other sources of intelligence;

Adoption of a cloud-first !T architecture model, built upon
zero-trust security principles;

Due diligence, vetting and annual auditing of cloud providers
is undertaken to validate information security and nsk posture
zround these applications; and

- Regular external collaboration with cybersecurity specialists

aiphatme com

4
iq
3
g
a
5
2
£
3



===== page 160 =====
156 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

ESG metries: continued

Topic: Workforce Diversity & Engagement”
Measurement _ ee oo SASB Code
Percentage of qsnder representation Sv-PS-3308.1
Female Other N/Ae
Level a ar FY23 FY24FY23. | FY24FY23. = FY24FY23
Directors and equivalent 83.5% 65.8% 157% 13.3% 0.0% 0.0% 0.8% 0.9%
eee at couate associate 70.7% 69.3% 28.5% 30.5% 04% 0.0% 0.4% 0.2%
Analysts, consultants and equivalent 62.9% 37.9% 36.4% 0.0% 0.0% 12% 0.7%
Overall split oe "68.5% 30.6% 31.0% 0.2% 0.0% 08% 0.5%
Measurement SASB Code
Persentaye of sasial/ethnic group representation UK) “SVP S-330a.1
Asian or Black or Mixed White or
AsianBritish Black British background —_White British Other NA
level = :sCiRHOF2S)OFY2A OFY23 FY24 =FY23 FY24 =FY23 FY24 FY23  FY24 FY23_
Directors and equivalent 3.2% 18% 1.6% 18% 1.6% 1.8% 75.8% 89.5% 1.6% 0.0% 16.1% 5.3%
Managers, senior managers,
associate directors 14.7% 156% 21% 31% 2.5% 3.1% 66.0% 678% 25% 19% 122% 9.3%

and equivalent
Analysts, consultants
and equivalent ¢ 78% AAS BH BTR 85% SBEY
Overall split 12.7% 14.6% 2.8% 3.8% 3.5% 3.1% 64.6%

13.38% 175% 44% 53% 57% 3.5% 56.2% 62.6% 3.8% 3.5% 146% 7.6%

“68.4% 2.8% 2.0% 13.5% 8.2%

Measurement) ——
Percentage of racial/ethnic group representation (North Amence

Black or Hispanic

__Asian African American __or Latino === White Other N/A
Level FY 24 FY 23, FY 24 FY 23 FY24 FY 23 FY 24 FY 23 FY24  FY23 FY 24 FY 23
Directors and equivalent «8.1% © 11.1% 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% +0.0% 75.8% 778% 61% 37% 91% 7.4%
All other employees 15.8% 15.3% 3.2% 86% 2.3% 3.6% 42.4% 31.2% 23.8%
Overall split TB A% 14.9% 2.9% 3.2% 2.0% 3.2% 45.6% 51.6% 5.2% 4.5% 29.1% 22.4%
FY23 ___ SASB Code

Measurement

12.2% sv.

Voluntary turnover rate of empioyees Oa

Empinyee engagement as a percentage 81.0% 73.5% SV-PS-330a 3

46 Given the nelure of the mesnes, the perveniages used as part of ihe SASB disslosure seler io fotsl global headcount, 18, fap-Generating ConsuRanis as well as business opurat ges tals

50 'NIA’-ofers Ie unknown, undisclosed oF prefer not to say. AN important part 2f the aregomg diversity and inclusion initiatives at Aisha s to ancieavour to reduce the number cf "NIA
fynara appropriate) and to expand the date groups on wyhich Wig repariing 36 as to proviCe a wacer ew of Now itis performing against the topic. Please see the diversity andi nciusion
section of he regort for ore information

51 Employee angagemeni data tor FY 24 and FY 22 was baged on ine anonymo.s feednnek survey Conducted Gunng the yaar. nm which ail learns parhepates

alphatme.com


===== page 161 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 157

Topic: Professional Integrity

Measurement FY Ra FY23 ss SASB Gode__

Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with
professional integrity?

Acting with integrity is subscribed inte Alpha’s core values. To support this, Alpha maintains clear policies for its employees on such
topics as anti-bribery, contidentialty. IT security and acceptable use, whistleblowing and tax evasion. Annual performance reviews
include an assessment of professional integrity and compliance with company policies. The Group wil continue te review its adherence
to high professional standards and business ethics and introduce new policies and training for its teams as appropriate for the Group's,
business model and range of services.

phos oF Appr. wh se snsurng er

sonalimtea

Operating according to strong standards of transparency, honesty, business ethics and professional integrity means that Alpha is ablo
to identify, understand and rneet consistently the high expectations of its clients and wider stakeholders. Alpha is also cognisant of its
wider relationships and is developing its approach to managing business and supplier relationships in respect of human rights and
ethical standards, such as through its Living Wage application

Alpha is committed to delivering the highest relationship and delivery standards to alt clients and prospective clients. As part of this
commitmant, the professional conduct of the Group is al all times fair and professional, premised upon:

~ Promoting Alpna’s services honestly and fairly,
~ Preserving the confidentiality and privacy of client businesses:
Acting lawfully and ethically at all times; and
Delivering projects in line with the terms of the engagement as well as any wider services agreements.

Itis the responsibility of the Alpha engagement lead, supported by the client account owner, to ensure that client expectations are met
on each client project. The head of each business area then oversee the engagement and satisfaction of clients with the Group's
products and service offering, ensuring that they are aligned to the Group's high professional standards.

52 Ths covers losses ar-6ing ou! of legal nrcupetngs agains: Alora ngonnect on ih {6 relstoyah pth clents und the deluery of erctessiona Ter gee te As Clants

alphatme.com



===== page 162 =====
158 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Directors

Ken Fry
Lue Baque
John Paton
Penny Judd
Jill May
Maeve Byrne

Company number
09965297

Registered office
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting pte

60 Gresham Street
Londen EC2V 7BB.

Auditor
KPMG LLP

EastWest
Tallhouse Hill
Nottingham NGi 5FS

Registrar
Computershare

The Pavilions
Bridgewatar Road
Bristol BSOS 62Z

afphafme.com

Nominated Adviser

Investec Bank pic

30 Gresham Street

London EC2V 7QN

Joint Brokers

Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co.

60 Threadneedie Street

London EC2R 8HP-

Investec Bank ple

30 Gresham Street

London EC2V 7QN

Company Secretary
Georgina Shariey
company.secretary@alphatmo.com
Corporate and investor website
alphatme.com/investors

Client website
alphafme.com


===== page 163 =====
FSC WORLD
ian LAND
i Sines *” TRUST™

F380: 0091765

ron cacbonbalanvedpapceoin
Copii

Aloha Financial Markets Consulting plo’s comntment ie anwanmentsl
issues 1s reflected in this Annual Report winch has been orinted on
Magno Satin, an FSC* certfed material. Tris document was pnnted oy
Park Communteatiens using i's ervaranmental print
mnimises. the impact of printing on. ine emnerment. wi 99% of dry
‘waste diverted from landfil, Both the printer and the paper mil aie

registered to ISO 12001,

technology, which

reduced by

designportfolio
