

===== page 1 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited

Annual report and financial statements
Registered number 04710715
31 March 2020

i

~

NI |

a 1272020 #201
__COMPANIES HOUSE a )

WEDNESDAY


===== page 2 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2020

t
Contents
Company information 1
Strategic report 7 2
Directors’ report . 5
Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the Strategic report and the Directors’ report and the financial
‘Statements
Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited 8
Profit and Loss Account 10
Balance Sheet : rt
Statement of Changes in Equity 12

Notes . 13



===== page 3 =====
Company Information

Directors

Company number

Registered office

Auditor

Bankers

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

ENB Fraser

S McNulty

‘A Heasman (Appointed 1 April 2019)
B Scaysbrook (Appointed 1 April 2019)
JP Benson

NS Curham

I Docker .

G Faragher-Thomas

N Fienberg

B Lantorp

J Reed

MD Smith

D Spencer

N Spencer

AS Glessing

KR Taylor

GD Glass

B West

K O'Shaughnessy

+: OJ Vinden

JC Paton ©
04710715

60 Gresham Street
London
EC2V 7BB

KPMG LLP.

St Nicholas House
31 Park Row
Nottingham

NGI 6FQ

Lloyds Bank Ple
10 Gresham Street

London .
EC2V 7AE :

HSBC Bank UK

” 71 Queen Victoria Street

London
EC4V 4AY

Page 1


===== page 4 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
Annual report and financial statements
‘ 31 March 2020

Strategic report

Business review

For the year ended 31 March 2020 (FY 20"), the Company recorded a tumover of £47,031,000 (FY 19: £50,458,000). Profit after tax decreased
18.6% to £9,695,000 (FY 19: £11,915,000), despite improved gross profit margin as a result of reduced contracting spend. This was driven by
increased Group” and general overhead expenditure reflecting the Companys increased headcount in the year. Continued investment was made in the
UK team, with the number of employed consultants increasing by 20% to 172 at 31 March 2020. Trade receivables reduced to £7,321,000 from
£9,702,000, a decrease of 24.5%, due to consistent months of strong cash collection. There are no concerns about the recoverability of the main
unprovided debtors.

Future developments

The business plan developed by the Directors in light of the ongoing outbreak of COVID-19 in the UK expects an anticipated drop in revenue
‘generation in the early months of FY 21. However, the Directors anticipate a strong recovery in late FY 21, and a return to normal trading conditions
in FY 22, The Company has retained a relatively strong pipeline of core work through the first half of FY 21 despite measures put in place relating to
the pandemic. .

Key performance indicators

‘The Directors monitor performance on both a weekly and a monthly basis using a range of financial and non-financial metrics. Working capital
‘management is the primary indicator which is reviewed on a weekly basis to monitor cashflow, liquidity and the recovery of trade receivables.

Each month the Directors review the management accounts for each Group undertaking and compare actual performance against budget, Costs and
utilisation are also reviewed to monitor profitability.

Principal risks and uncertainties

‘The performance of the Company in the short-term is subject to uncertainty arising from the macro-economic impact of the COVID-19 outbreak,
however the future pipeline of work for the Company is considered relatively strong despite the uncertainty. The Company continues to generate
substantial cash after retaining a proportion of profits to fund increased working capital requirements resulting from growth. Management continue
to operate conservative cash management policies, which have been supplemented by strategic decisions made to safeguard liquidity during the
pandemic, as described below. The Directors are satisfied with performance forthe year.”

Risk Management and the impact of COVID-19

‘The Directors note that the World Health Organisation declared a pandemic relating to COVID-19 on 11 March 2020, and social distancing
‘measures were introduced in the UK diiritig March 2020. The Directors have therefore considered the impact of the pandemic on the Company's
‘operations, with a focus primarily on the Company's going concer assessment, forward looking forecasts and recoverability of assets, including
trade receivables and intercompany funding to other Group entities. .

The Directors have taken mitigating actions designed to manage the risk and reflect the uncertainty associated with the pandemic and protect the
balance sheet and maintain a strong liquidity position. Actions taken include the delay of profit share payments to employees, and delays to all but
essential recruitment processes in the short-term.

‘The Directors and the executive team continue to monitor the geopolitical developments surrounding the UK’s decision to leave the European Union
(Brexit”) closely. The Company has assessed that it does not expect Brexit to have a material direct impact on its ongoing growth and development
of the business, given arrangements between the UK and EU countries, and its network of offices across Europe. The most likely impact of Brexit on
the business is a potential short-term delay to client decision making, which is not expected to have any adverse effects over the medium term. The
impact of Brexit has been overshadowed in recent months by the emergence of a major severe macro-economic crisis associate with COVID-19 as
above. The Company is conscious that this position may change, and unexpected new challenges could arise that affect this risk assessment,
including the broader impact that Brexit has on the UK economy as a whole.

"FY 20 is the financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2020. By comparison, FY 19 is the previous financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2019;
FY 21 is the subsequent financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2021; and FY 22 is the financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2022.

Group refers to the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc and its subsi

Page 2


===== page 5 =====
- ; _ Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Strategic report (continued)

Section 172 statement

Under Section 172(1) of the Companies Act 2006, a director of a company must act in the way he or she considers, in good faith, would be most
likely to promote the success of the company for the benefit of its members as a whole, and in doing so have regard (amongst other matters) to:

+ The likely consequence of any decision in the long term;

© The interests of thé company’s employees; .

‘= The need to foster the company’s business relationships with suppliers, customers and others;

‘+ The impact of the company’s operations on the community and the environment;

+ The desirability of the company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct; and
+ The need to act fairly as between members of the company.

‘The following disclosure describes how the Directors have had regard to the matters.set out in Section 172(1)(a) to (f) and forms the Directors’
statement under section 414CZA of The Companies Act 2006,

‘The Directors remain committed to engaging with all ofthe Compasiy’s stakeholders and considering their interests when making any strategie
decisions.

Engagement with key stakeholders

‘The Board considers its key stakeholders to be its employees, its shareholders, its clients and the communities in which the Company operates. The
Board also recognises other stakeholder groups including suppliers, industry bodies and competitors with whom Alpha works or associates in the
marketplace, The Board understands that engaging wit these stakeholders strengthens the Company's business relationships and facilitate its
decision making at an execitive level, whichis very important for Alpha's longstem succes. - _~

Employees
Attracting, retaining and developing the very best people in the industry is integral to the Company’s culture and ongoing success. The Company is
‘committed to providing a highly rewarding place to work, and to maintaining a unique and inclusive culture that places people at the heart of the
business, To achieve this, there is a strong emphasis on interaction, open communication and the exchange of proactive insights from the employee
base. Employee feedback has always been a significant component of that picture.

‘Shareholders

‘The Company places a strong emphasis on maintaining effective engagement with its shareholders, which it considers to be integral to longer-term
growth and success. The Board is committed to providing good, consistent and open engagement with shareholders.

Clients

Alpha’s successful business model is built upon keeping clients’ needs at the core of its proposition, which includes the Company's geographic
network, the services it offers and the types of project that it delivers. Central to Alpha’s growth strategy is continuous investment in people,
locations and knowledge to help all clients address their challenges and best capitalise on opportunities. The Company holds a very strong emphasis,
on developing and sustaining long-term client relationships.

Communities

Alpha is committed to building positive relationships with the communities and environment in which it operates. This includes supporting
communities and organisations local and relevant to the Company's operations; and considering how to maximise the benefits and minimise the
downsides of its environmental and social impacts.

Please refer to pp 35-36 of the Annual Report & Accounts 2020 of the ultimate parent company (Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc) for further
detail on the above key stakeholders of the Company, and the Company's approach to engagement with each class of stakeholder.

Page 3


===== page 6 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
. 31 March 2020

Strategic report (continued)

Key Board decisions during the year

The Directors consider the following to be key decisions and considerations they have made in the year to 31 March 2020. These decisions have been
discussed and ratified by the Board of the Companys ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple.

For further information please refer to p,37 of the Annual Report & Accounts 2020 of the Companys ultimate parent (Alpha Financial Markets

Consulting Plc).

Issued the FY 19 Annual Report & Financial statements to
shareholders.

To provide transparent and accurate information to the market.

The Board reviewed the results of an employee engagement plan and
approved a number of initiatives to be carried out by the Global
Management Board and the HR team.

/To understand the feedback provided by employees, to take appropriate
actions and to ensure the ongoing engagement of Alpha’s employees in
respect of implementing positive changes. When reviewing the actions to be
implemented, the Board considered the financial consequences and the
impact on long-term value and growth for the shareholders.

The Board agreed the FY 20 interim dividend payable to the
Company's parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group
Limited,

'To provide transparent and accurate information to the market

[The Board considered the Company's strategic priorities at its
dedicated strategy session.

To ensure the strategy is still appropriate and to review progress against
strategic goals.

The Board considered the impacts of COVID-19 and agreed a number
lof mitigating measures including short-term changes to remuneration.

/To address the long-term interests of all stakeholders and protect the
Company's balance sheet.

The Board considered the payment of a final dividend for FY, 20 and
lagreed that it would not be recommending a final dividend for the year
jended 31 March 2020.

f\

'To address the best interests of all stakeholders. To preserve the strength of
the Company’s balance sheet and provide meximum flexibility throughout
the COVID-19 uncertainty so that Alpha is as well positioned as it can be for}
the future,

By order pf the Board.

Page 4


===== page 7 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Directors’ report ‘ |

‘The Directors present their report and the audited financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2020.
Principal activities

The principal activity of the Company continued to be the provision of consulting and related services to clients in the asset and wealth management
industries. °

Results and dividend : 1.
‘The results forthe year are set out inthe attached profit and loss account,

‘During the year, an ordinary dividend payment totalling £10,000,000 was made to the Company's sole shareholder Alpha Financial Markets
Consulting Group Limited (FY 19: £18,265,000), to facilitate the payment of the Group dividend made by the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha
Financial Markets Consulting Pic, to its shareholders. The Directors have not recommended the payment of a final dividend (FY 19: £nil).

For further information on the likely future developments of the business, please refer to the Strategic report.
After deducting taxation, £9,695,000 profit was transferred to reserves (FY 19: £11,915,000).

Directors
The Directors who held office during the year were as follows: '

ENB Fraser
S McNulty . an ne
A Heasman (Appointed 1 April 2019) .

B Scaysbrook (Appointed 1 April 2019)

JP Benson

NS Curham

I Docker

G Faragher-Thomas . :

N Fienberg

B Lantorp
TReed

MD Smith

D Spencer

N Spencer

AJ Glessing

KR Taylor

GD Glass

B West

K O'Shaughnessy
Of Vinden

JC Paton

Political contributions .
‘The Company made no political donations or incurred any political expenditure during the year.

Employee involvement

‘The health and welfare of the Company's employees remains a key priority for the Directors, as reflected by the Company's position on the ‘Sunday
Times 100 Best small companies to work for’ 2017-2020. The Company has the intent to attract, recruit, develop and retain key employees, and the
‘Company maintains policies and procedures on the Group intranet, with access to this:documentation provided to employees via the Company's,
Human Resources department. Appropriate education and training,and development opportunities are provided to all employees to encourage
continuous development, and employees are kept abreast of key financial,and economic updates on the Company's performance and other matters on
a regular basis, and in monthly meetings hosted by senior management, where employees have an opportunity to raise questions or provide feedback.

Itis the Companys policy to give full and fair consideration to all applications for employment including from disabled people, having regard to
their abilities and aptitudes. Full consideration is given to continuing the employment of staff who become disabled, including considering them for
other reasonable positions and arranging appropriate training where required. The Company aims to provide an inclusive environment for all
employees, regardless of sex, marital status, race, nationality, age, sexual crientation or religion.

Page 5


===== page 8 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Directors’ report (continued)

Employee involvement (continued)

‘The Company provides an opportunity for increased employee engagement with the Company's performance through the employce share incentive
scheme for new joiners and the Company's profit share scheme.

Engagement with suppliers and customers

‘The Directors note the importance of fostering strong relationships with the Companys customers and suppliers through open communication and
having regard for these relationships in strategic decisions made relating to the Company.

Disclosure of information to auditor

‘The Directors who held office at the date of approval of this Directors’ report confirm that, so far as they are each aware, there is no relevant audit
information of which the Company's auditor is unaware; and each Director has taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as a Director to make
themselves aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the Company's auditor is aware of that information.

Auditor
Pursuant to Section 487 of the Companies Act 2006, the auditor will be deemed to be reappointed and KPMG LLP will therefore continue in office.

{L- ad

Fohe.C Paton
Director

‘, 60 Gresham Street
\Londbn EC2V 7BB

4 December 2020

Page 6


===== page 9 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
i Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2020
Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the Strategic Report and the Directors’
report and the financial statements |

‘The Directors are responsible for preparing the Strategic Report, the Directors’ Report and the financial statements in accordance with applicable law
and regulations. '

‘Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law they have elected to prepare the financial
statements in accordance with UK accounting standards and applicable law (UK Generally Accepted Accounting Practice), including FRS 101
Reduced Disclosure Framework.

Under company law the Directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of
affairs of the company and of the profit or loss of the company for that period. In preparing these financial statements, the directors are required to:

* select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;

+ make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

* state whether applicable UK accounting standards have been followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in the
financial statements;

* assess the Company’s ability to continue as a going concem, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern; and

* use the going concem basis of accounting unless they either inténd to liquidate the Company or to cease operations or have no realistic
alternative but to do so. .

‘The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the company’s transactions and
disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the conipany and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply
with the Companies Act 2006. They are responsible for such intemal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have general responsibility for taking such steps as are
reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the company and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.

Page 7


===== page 10 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK
Limited

Opinion
‘We have audited the financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited (“the company”) for the year ended 31 March 2020

which comprise the balance sheet, profit and loss account and statement of changes in equity and related notes, including the accounting policies in
note 1. :

In our opinion the financial statements:

* give a true and fair view of the state of the company’s affairs as at 31 March 2020 and of its profit for the year then ended;
‘+ have been properly prepared in accordance with UK accounting standards, including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework; and
‘+ have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion

‘We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and applicable law. Our responsibilities are
described below. We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and are independent of the company in accordance with, UK ethical
requirenients including the FRC Ethical Standard, We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis for our
opinion.

Going concern

‘The Directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concen basis as they do not intend to liquidate the company or to cease its
operations, and as they have concluded that the company’s financial position means that this is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no
material uncertainties that could have cast significant doubt over its ability to continue as a going concem for at least a year from the date of
approval of the financial statements (“the going concern period”).

‘We are required to report to you if we have concluded that the use of the going concer basis of accounting is inappropriate or there is an
undisclosed material uncertainty that may cast significant doubt over the use of that basis for a period of at least a year from the date of approval of
the financial statements. In our evaluation of the Directors’ éonclusions, we considered the inherent risks to the company’s business model and
analysed how those risks might affect the company’s financial resources or ability to continue operations over the going concern period. We have
nothing to report in these respects.

However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in outcomes that are inconsistent with judgements
that were reasonable at the time they were made, the absence of reference to a material uncertainty in this auditor's report is not a guarantee that the
company will continue in operation. .

Strategic report and Directors’ report

‘The Directors are responsible for the Strategic report and the Directors" report. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover those reports,
and we do not express an audit opinion thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the Strategic report and the Directors? report and, in'doing so, consider whether, based on our financial statements audit
work, the information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with the financial statements or our audit knowledge. Based solely on that
work: :

+ we have not identified material misstatements in the Strategic report and the Directors’ report;

+ in our opinion the information given in those reports for the financial year is consistent with the financial statements; and

* in our opinion those reports have been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception
Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:
+ adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received from branches not visited
by us; or . ‘
the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and retums; or
* ‘certain disclosures of Directors" remuneration specified by law are not made; or

© we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit.

We have nothing to report in these respects.

Directors’ responsibilities
As explained more fully in their statement set out on page 7, the Directors are responsible for: the preparation of the financial statements and for
being satisfied that they give a true and fair view; such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, assessing the company’s ability to continue as a going concern,
disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern; and using-the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the
company or to cease operations, or have no realistic altemative but,to do so.

Page 8


===== page 11 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK
Limited (continued) .

Auditor’s responsibilities
(Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether
due to fraud or error, and to issue our opinion in an auditor’s report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but does not guarantee that
an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or
error and are considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users
taken on the basis of the financial statements.

A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC’s website at www.fre.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities,

The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities
This report is made solely to the company’s members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006. Our audit
work has been undertaken so that we might state to the company's members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor's report and
for no other purpose. To the fillest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the company and the
company's members, as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Craig Parkin (Senior Statutory Auditor)

for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
‘Chartered Accountants

StNicholas House

31 Park Row

Nottingham

NGI 6FQ

4 December 2020

Page 9


===== page 12 =====
Alpha Financial! Markets Cénsulting UK Lhihited:
Annual report and financial statements

' 31. Mareh'2020,
Profit & loss account,
‘for the year ended 31 March'2020
4
Note . FY 20, FY19.
£000: £000

Turnover ia . 147,031 50,458
Rechargeable expenses : (e41) (796)
Not fééineome 46,190) 49,662,
Cost of sales , : (26,034) (29,170)
Gross profit. { 20,156; 20,492.
‘Adininistrative expenses: 455 (6414) (6379)
Operating profit 11,742,
Other interest payable'ond similar expense. 6 (64):
Profit before taxation 11,688; 14,088
Texation a 4.993), (2,173)
‘Profit for the financial year: 9,698: 11,915

Invboth the current and preceding year, the Company made no material acquisitions axid had no‘discontinued opérations..

‘There were no recognised gains or losses‘ either the currentor preceding year other than those disclosed in the.profit and loss account, and.
thereforo no separate statement of other comprehensive income has been'presented.

Page 10.


===== page 13 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2020
Balance sheet
As at 31 March 2020
Asat Asat
Note  , 31 March 2020 31 March 2019
+ 8000 £000 £000 £000
Non-current assets
Tangible fixed assets 8. _ 266 22
Right-of-use assets 9 _ 972 -
Amounts owed by Group undertakings . i “2,985 ° -
4,223 22
‘Current assets : : .
Debtors 2s 10 38,030 34,909
Cash at bank and in hand 7,615: :
45,645 45,381
Current liabilities
Creditors: amounts falling due within one year 11 (28,095) (25,874)
Lease liabilities 9 (21) ° : -
Corporation tax (2,594) (1,474)
(30,910) (27,348)
Net current assets 14,735, 18,033
Total assets less current liabilities : 18,958 18,255
Non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities 9 72) -
Non-current lisbilii 2° (93) -
Deferred tax liability B (60) an
Net assets a ue 18,043 18,238
Capital and reserves
Called up share capital soo 25 - 278
Other reserves ¥ 181 181
Profit and loss account “47,587
Shareholders' funds * 18,043 18,238

The notes on pages 13-26 form part of these financial statements. Thes¢ financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of

Directors on 4 December 2020. They/Mpre signed on its behalf by:
Raton

gistered number: 04710715.

Page 11


===== page 14 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited

‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020
Statement of changes in equity
. Called up Other Profit and Total
share capital reserves loss account ‘equity
, 2000 2000 £000 £000
Asat 1 April 2018 205 - 24,132 24,407
Total comprehensive income for the period eae
Profit for the period i : - 11915 gis
‘Transactions with owners Hoy
Dividends : - (18,265) (18,265)
Share-based payment charge : : 181 : 181
‘Asat 31 March 2019 2715 181 17,782 18,238
Effect of changes in accounting standards” . - 110 110
‘Asat 1 April 2019 . 278 181 17,892 18,348
Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit for the period : : - 9,695 9,695
Transactions with owners
Dividends : - (10,000) (10,000)
Balance at 31 March 2020. - ae 275 181 17,587 18,043

Opening adjustment as at 1 April 2019 relates to the Company's adoption of IFRS 16 in the period.

Page 12


===== page 15 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Notes "
(forming part of the financial statements)

1 Accounting policies

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Limited (the “Company”) is a company limited by shares, domi
number is 04710715 and the registered address is 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V-7BB.

‘These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101. Reduced Disclosure Framework (“FRS 101”).

led and registered in the UK. The registered

In preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measureinent and disclosure requirements of Intemational Financial
Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU (“Adopted IFRSs”), but makes amendments where necessary in order to comply with Companies Act
2006 and has set out below where advantage of the FRS 10i disclosure exemptions has been taken. Further, in accordance with Section 414A(2) of
the Companies Act 2006, the Company has taken the small company exemption from the requirement to prepare a strategic report.
‘The Company’s parent undertaking, Alpha Financial Markets Consultiig Plc, includes'the Company in its consolidated financial statements. The
consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc are available to the public and may be obtained from 60 Gresham
Street, London, EC2V 7BB.
In these financial statements, the Company has applied the exemptions ivailable under FRS 101 in respect ofthe following disclosures:

* A cash flow statement and related notes;

‘* Comparative period reconciliations for share capital; tangible fixed assets, intangible assets and investment properties;
iselosures in respect of transactions with wholly owned subsidiaries
isclosures in respect of capital management;
+ ‘The effects of new but not yet effective IFRSs;
llosures in respect of the compensation of Key Management Personnel; and
losures of transactions with a management entity that provides key management personnel services to the Company.
‘As the consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple include the equivalent disclosures, the Company has also taken
the exemptions under FRS 101 available in respect of the following disclosures:

© IFRS 2 Share Based Payments in respect of Group settled share based payments; and

* Certain disclosures required by IFRS 16 Leases in relation to disclosure of the Companys leasing activities.

* Certain disclosures required by IFRS 3 Business Combinations in respect of business combinations undertaken by the Company.
‘The accounting policies set out below have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods presented in these financial statements.
‘There are no judgements made by the Directors, in the application ofthese accounting polices that have significant effect onthe financial statements
and estimates with a significant risk of material adjustment in the next year.

Ld Measurement convention
I statements are prepared on the historical cost basis.

12 ‘Significant judgements and estimates
‘The preparation of financial information in accordance with IFRS requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect
the application of accounting policies and reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses.

The Directors have made no judgements, excluding those invélving estimations, in the process of applying the Company's accounting policies that
are considered to have a significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements for the period ending 31 March 2020.

‘The Directors have identified the following areas as key estimates that are considered to have a significant risk of resulting in a material adjustment
to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities within the next financial year.

Share-based payments

Management have estimated the share-based payments expense under IFRS 2. In determining the fair value of share-based payments, management
have considered several internal and extemal factors in judging the probability that management and employee share incentives may vest and in
assessing the fair value of share options at the date of grant. Such assumptions involve estimating a number of future performance and other factors.
‘The fair value calculations have been externally assessed for reasonableness in the current and prior period.

Coronavirus (COVID-19) “

For the purposes of considering Going Concern, management have applied a number of key assumptions that relate to the ongoing outbreak of
COVID-19 and the associated market uncertainty in Alpha’s operational territories. The key assumptions applied for these purposes relate to the
potential length of the ongoing lockdown periods and subsequént environment as determined by government bodies globally, and the associated
‘assumptions as to the potential impact of these factors on the Group’s going concérn considerations.

Page 13


===== page 16 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Notes (continued)

12 Significant judgements and estimates (continued)
Management consider that the impact of uncertainty related to COVID-19 will be most epparent in the following areas of the financial statements.

* Going concer: refer to the “Going Concern’ section below for further detail on the impact of COVID-19.
* Valuation of expected credit loss on financial assets: refer to note 10 for details of consideration given to the valuation of the expected
credit loss of receivables in light of the COVID-19 uncertainty.

13 Going concern
The financial statements have been prepared on a going concem basis which the Directors consider to be appropriate for the following reasons:

(a) The Directors have prepared cash flow forecasts for a period of 12 months from the date of approval of these financial statements
which indicate that, taking account of reasonably possible downsides including COVID-19 factors, the Company will have sufficient
funds to meet its liabilities as they fall due for that period,

(b) The Directors are confident that the Company will have sufficient funds to continue to meet its liabilities as they fall due for at least 12
months from the date of approval of the financial statements,

Impact of COVID-19

‘The Directors note that the World Health Organisation declared a pandemic relating to COVID-19 on 11 March 2020, and social distancing,
‘measures were introduced in the UK during March 2020. Therefore, the Directors have considered the significance of the economic ramifications of
the virus before the end of the Company's financial year and its potential effect on the financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2020. In
particular, the Directors have assessed the impact of incorporating additional COVID-19 risk factors in applying downside sensitivities in the going
‘concer assessment over a period of 12 months after the signing of these financial statements. The Directors have also considered the impact of the
pandemic on the expected credit loss calculation on the Company's receivables.

Key assumptions considered by management when assessing going concern include adjusting managements best estimate of forecasted performance
for factors including the length and extent of current lockdown restrictions, the resulting general business environment, the speed of recovery of
trading after lockdown restrictions ease and utilisation of relevant goverment support schemes. These have been estimated for their respective
impacts on the Company's revenues, fixed and variable costs and resultant expected cash flow requirements.

‘The Company's forecasts and projections, taking into account reasonable estimate of a possible downtum in trading performance arising from the
‘COVID-19 outbreak, show that the Company has sufficient financial resources, both from the Company's robust balance sheet and its expected cash
flow generation, sufficient for the going concer period. The Company also has access to additional funding through other Group entities, via the
Group's revolving credit facility and the strength of the Group's cash position at 31 March 2020. Accordingly, the Directors have adopted the going
concern basis in preparing these financial statements.

14 Foreign currency

‘Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the Company’s functional currencies at the foreign exchange rate ruling at the date of the
transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the balance sheet date are retranslated to the functional currency at
the foreign exchange rate ruling at that date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency
are translated using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are
stated at fair value are retranslated to the functional currency at foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates the fair value was determined. Foreign
exchange differences arising on translation are recognised in the profit and loss.

LS Financial instruments

‘The Company uses financial instruments comprising cash and cash equivalents, preference shares, loan notes and other short-term instruments, such
as trade payables that arise from its operations. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to fund the Group's business strategy and working
capital requirements.

Accounting policies in respect of financial instruments are outlined below.

Financial assets ;

Financial assets are initially measured at fair value plus or minus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction
costs. The Company has not reclassified any financial assets subsequent to initial recognition as at the balance sheet date. Reclassification of classes

of financial assets is accounted for prospectively in accordance with IFRS 9, where this is required. Any difference on reclassification from amortised
cost to fair value through profit or loss is recognised in the profit and loss at the reclassification date.

Financial assets are assessed at each reporting date to determine a lifetime expected credit loss that reflects the credit risk associated with the
portfolio of assets. A financial asset is impaired in line with the simplified approach under IFRS 9 which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance.

_ Page 14


===== page 17 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Notes (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)

Ls Financial instruments (continued)

‘An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured at amortised cost is calculated as the differeiice between its carrying amount and the
present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the asset’s original effective interest rate. For financial instruments measured at cost
less impairment, impairment is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the best estimate of the amount that the Company would
receive for the asset if it were to be sold at the reporting date. Interest on the impairment asset continue’ to be recognised through the unwinding of
the discount, Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. When a subsequent event causes the amount of the impairment to decrease, the

decrease in impairment loss is reversed through statement of comprehensive income.
Trade and other debtors
‘Trade and other debtors are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less provision for impairment. A

provision for impairment of trade debtors is established when there is objective evidence that the Company will not be able to collect all amounts due
according to the original terms of the receivables. The provision is recognised in the income statement as an operating charge.

‘The trade debtors’ balances recorded in the Company's statement of financial position comprise a relatively small number of large balances and are
held until realised in cash.

Alpha provides services to customers on credit terms with mainly arrears billing. Certain receivables may not be paid. The Company applies the
IFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables. To measure
expected credit losses, trade debtors have been grouped based on shared credit characteristics and the days past due, The Company consider
historical loss rates for each ageing category as a starting point for estimating the expected credit loss. This historical loss rate is subsequently
adjusted for macro-economic and customer specific factors of receivables within each ageing category. Characteristics considered by the Company
for these purposes include historical collection experience for each‘customer, the absessed liquidity of key customers within the debtors balance, and
other relevant macro-economic factors such as COVID-19'and Brexit ih order to determine a reasonable and supportable assessment ofthe expected
lifetime credit risk in the context of the overall year-end trade receivables due.

Amounts owed by Group undertakings

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less provision for
impairment. A provision for impairment of intercompany receivables is established using an expected credit loss model. The Group classifies all
intercompany receivables that form a part of the normal trading cycle of the Group as current, as well as non-trading balances where the counterparty
has sufficient resources to settle the balance within a twelve month period from the balance sheet date. All other amounts owed by Group
undertakings are considered as non-current assets. This represents a change in accounting policy in the year. All balances were considered current in
the comparative period.

Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and call deposits and are recorded and subsequently measured at amortised cost in line with IFRS
9.

"Financial liabilities

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities designated upon initial
recognition as at fair value through profit or loss. Financial liabilities are‘classified as held for trading if they are acquired for the purpose of selling
in the near term. This category includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Company that are not designated as hedging instruments
in hedge relationships as defined by IFRS 9. As at 31 March 2020, the Company had no such financial liabilities.

Other financial liabilities held by the Group are recognised at amortised cost.

Trade and other creditors

Trade and other creditors are recognised initially at fair value. Subsequent io initial recognition they are measured at amortised cost using the
effective interest method.

Amounts owed to Group undertakings

Amounts owed to Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost.
Leases

Lease liabilities are recognised on the balance sheet at the pfesent value of minimum lease payments. For further information refer to the ‘New
Accounting Standards and interpretations’ section below on the accounting treatrient for leases under IFRS 16 and note 9.

Comparative period numbers relating to leases were not restated and continue to be presented under IAS 17. FY 19 rentals paid under operating
Teases are charged to the consolidated statement of comprehensive income on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease, Benefits received and
receivable as an incentive to sign an operating lease are recognised on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease.

Investments in subsidiaries

Investments in subsidiaries are carried at cost less impairment.

Page 15


===== page 18 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Notes (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)
LS Financial instruments (continued)
Interest-bearing borrowings

Interest-bearing borrowings are recognised initially at fair value less attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, interest-bearing
borrowings are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less any impairment losses.

16 Tangible fixed assets

‘Tangible fixed assets are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.

Leases in which the Company assumes substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the leased asset are classified as finance leases. Where
land and buildings are held under leases the accounting treatment of the land is considered separately from that of the buildings. Leased assets
acquired by way of finance lease are stated at an amount equal to the lower of their fair value and the present value of the minimum lease payments

at inception of the lease, less accumulated depreciation and less accumulated impairment losses. Lease payments are accounted for as described
below.

Depreciation is charged to the profit and loss account on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of each part of an item of tangible fixed
assets, Land is not depreciated. The estimated useful lives are as follows:

Computer equipment 3 years straight line
Fixtures, fittings and equipment 4 years straight line -
Leaschold improvements S years straight line’

Depreciation methods, useful lives'and-residual values are reviewed at each balance sheet date.

17 Impairment
Financial assets (excluding trade and other debtors)
AA financial asset not carried at fair value through profit or loss is assessed at each reporting date to determine whether there is objective evidence that

it is impaired. A financial asset is impaired if objective evidence indicates that a loss event has occurred after the initial recognition of the asset, and
that the loss event had a negative effect on the estimated future cash flows of that asset that can be estimated reliably.

‘An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured at amortised cost is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the
present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the asset’s original effective interest rate. For financial instruments measured at cost
Jess impairment an impairment is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the best estimate of the amount that the Company
‘would receive for the asset if it were to be sold at the reporting date. Interest on the impaired asset continues to be recognised through the unwinding,
of the discount, When a subsequent event causes the amount of impairment loss to decrease, the decrease in impairment loss is reversed through
profit or loss.

Non-financial assets

‘The carrying amounts of the entity's non-financial assets, other than deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether
there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the assets’ recoverable amount is estimated. The recoverable amount of an
asset or cash-generating unit is the greater of its value in use and its fair value, less costs to sell. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash
flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current'market assessments of the time value of money and the
risks specific to the asset.

For the purposes of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates
independent cash inflows (the “cash-generating unit”); that is, cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of
other assets or groups of assets.

‘An impairment oss is recognised ifthe carrying amount ofan asst of its CGU exceeds it estimated recoverable amount. Impairment losses are
recogaited in poftor loss, Impairment losses are alloted between the carrying amounts of other assets in the mnt (or group of units) ona pro-rata
basis as a reduction in the value of the asset.

‘An impairment loss is reversed if and only if the reasons for the impairment have ceased to apply.

Impairment losses recognised in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indication that the loss has decreased or no longer exists.
‘An impairment loss is only reversed to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been
determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

18 Employee benefits
Defined contribution plans

A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which the.Company pays fixed contributions into a separate entity and will have
no legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts. Obligations for contributions to defined contribution pension plans are recognised as an
expense in the profit and loss account in the periods during which services are rendered by employees.

Page 16


===== page 19 =====
yoo - "Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
a Annual report and financial statements
7 31 March 2020

Notes (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)
18 Employee benefits (continued)
‘Share-based payments

The Company's management and employees have access to an equity settled share-based payment arrangement for new employees which forms a
part of the wider schemes offered across the Group, which are settled in Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc shares. The Company offers two
distinct schemes, the ‘Management Incentive Plan’ (MIP) and the ‘Employee Incentive Plan’ (EIP). These are described below.

The Management Incentive Plan ("MIP")
‘The Company hes @ MIP to retain and incentivse the Directors and senior management,

Options granted inthe current and prior years to the Diréctors and senior management ofthe Company are subject tothe fulfilment of two or more
performance conditions determined by the Group's remuneration cominitiee. |

MIP awards have either nil exercise price payable (or no more than a nominal purchase price payable) in order to acquire shares pursuant to options.
MIP awards have either 3- or 4-year vesting periods from the date of grant and can be equity-settled only.

The Employee Incentive Plan (“EIP")

Under the EIP, a broad base of the Group’s employees have been granted share optioris or share awards over a small number of Alpha Financial
Markets Consulting Plc shares, The EIP has been structured as is most appropriate under the local tax, legal and regulatory rules.

Further disclosure of these schemes is provided within the consolidated’ Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc 2020 Annual Report & Accounts,
and the share-based payment arrangement concems equity instruménts of the Company's ultimate parent company, Alpha Financial Markets,
Consulting Ple, and therefore the Directors have applied disclosure exemptions for the subsidiary accounts as permitted under FRS 101.

19 Provisions

A provision is recognised in the balance sheet when the Company has a present legal-or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, that can be
reliably measured and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation. Provisions are determined by
discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects risks specific to the liability.

110 Revenue recognition

Revenue consists of the value of work executed for clients during the year and expenses recharged, exclusive of VAT. Revenue is classified into net
fee income and recharged expenses. Net fee income represents the Company’s personnel, subcontractor and related expertise and services sold to
clients, Recharged expenses is the recharge of costs incidental to fulfilling contracts including flights, subsistence and accommodation on which nil
or negligible margin is earned by the Company. i —_

‘The Company delivers services that have no alternative usé to Alpha (advice to clients, feports, etc) as.the services are specifically tailored to clients?
projects and scope of work. The significant majority of Alpha’s revemie is contracted on a time and materials basis, where the performance
obligation is to provide consultancy resources at agreed day rates. In such contracts, revenue is recognised over time, as the number of consultant
days worked are delivered. Modifications or extensions to such projects are recognised as delivered. Significant extensions, where the scope or price
of the contrat increases, are ented as Separate contracts, Contracts accounted for on atime and materials bass are billed incrementally, typically
monthly, for incurred time and materials. :

Revenue recognition for fxed fee projects is based on the actual service provided tothe end of the reporting period as a proportion of total services
to be provided either over time or in line with internally or externally identified project milestones, depending on the nature of the performance
obligations for the project. Material scope changes are managed via a new agreement with the client. Fixed fee projects are typically billed in
accordance with the nature of the performance obligations when a right to payment crystalises.

For milestone projects, revenue is recognised at a point in time upon delivery of each performance obligation and these projects are billed as
contractual milestones are delivered and the right to payment exists.

Activity performance recognised as revenue in excess of invoices raised are contract assets and are included within accrued income, up to the value
of the relevant project delivery milestone, where applicable. On invoicing, the contract asset is reclassified to trade receivables. Where amounts have
been invoiced in excess of work performed and recognised, the excess is a contract liability and is included within deferred income and valued in line
with the nature of the project and related performance obligations as described above and recognised in future periods.

Revenue is wholly attributable to the principal activities of the Company. For all revenue types, payment is typically due between 30 and 60 days
after the invoice date or receipt of invoice, depending on the client; .

Page 17


===== page 20 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Notes (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)
Lu Expenses
Operating lease payments

In the comparative period ended 31 March 2019, payments (excluding costs for services and insurance) made under operating leases were recognised
in the profit and loss account on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. Leaselincentives received were recognised in the profit and loss
account as an integral part of the total lease expense. In the current year IFRS 16 has been adopted on a modified retrospective basis by the
Company. Refer to the ‘new accounting standards and interpretations’ section below for the accounting treatment of leases in the year ended 31
March 2020.

Interest receivable and interest payable

Interest payable and similar expenses include interest payable, finance expense on shares classified as liabilities, unwinding of the discount on
provisions, and net foreign exchange losses that are recognised in the profit and loss account (see foreign currency accounting policy). In the
‘comparative period ended 31 March 2019, interest arising from finance leases was recognised in profit or loss using the effective interest method. In
the current year the Company adopted IFRS 16 on a modified retrospective basis. Refer to the ‘new accounting standards and interpretations’ section
below for the accounting treatment of leases in the year ended 31 March 2020. Other interest receivable and similar income include interest
receivable on funds invested and net foreign exchange gains.

Interest income and interest payable is recognised in profit or loss as it accrues, using the effective interest method.
Dividend expense .
Dividend expenses are recognised in the profit and loss account on the date the entity’s right to pay the dividend is established.

112 Taxation ©

‘Tax on the profit or loss for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the profit and loss account except to the extent that it
relates to items recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive income, in which case jt is recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive
income. .

Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the
balance sheet date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

Deferred tax is provided using the balance sheet liability method, providing'for temporary differences between the carying amounts of assets and
liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. The amount of deferred tax provided is based on the expected
manner of realisation or settlement ofthe carrying amount of assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the balance
sheet date.

‘The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that itis no longer probable that
sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a
legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities, and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation
authority and the Company intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

113 New accounting standards and interpretations
‘The Intemational Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) have issued the following standards and
interpretations which are now effective: .

« IFRS 16 Leases (IFRS 16); and

+ IFRIC 23 Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments (IFRIC 23)
‘The Directors reviewed the nature and effect that these new standards have had on the Company and do not believe that the impact is material. These
standards have been adopted by the Company:
IFRS 16 Leases (effective for periods commencing on or after 1 January 2019)
IFRS 16 Leases is effective for periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019 and is therefore applicable to the current period. This standard replaces
accounting treatment for leases previously depicted in IAS 17. IFRS 16 introduced a single lessee accounting model whereby a lessee is required to
recognise a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for all leases with a term of more than 12 months. The depreciation on the right-of-use asset will be
accounted for separately from the interest expense incurred on the Icase liability in the income statement.

Nature of leases within the Company .

‘The Company leases office premises for use in operations. Leases are negotiited on an individual basis, and for a variety of terms over which rentals
are fixed with break clauses and options to extend for a further period at the then prevailing market rate. Rental agreements to which IFRS 16 has
‘been applied, spans anywhere from 18 months to 10 years. Contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components. Non-lease components are
separately identifiable and excluded from the lease for the purpose of IFRS 16 implementation.

‘The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than thé security interests‘in the leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may
not be used as security for borrowing purposes.

Alongside the rental leases associated with the office spaces, the company also hold leases associated with office equipment. These form the
population of leases subject to review under IFRS 16.

Page 18


===== page 21 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Notes (continued) .

1 Accounting policies (continued)
113 New accounting standards and interpretations (continued) °
Adoption methodology

‘The Company has adopted IFRS 16 on a modified retrospective approach for transition and has not restated comparative amounts, which are shown
under IAS 17. The Company recognised the cumulative effect of initially applying the new standard as an adjustment to the opening balance of
retained earnings at 1 April 2019. Please see note 9 for further details on the impact of the adoption of this new standard.

(On initial recognition of new lease, the lease liability is recognised as the present value of future payments, discounted using the incremental
borrowing rate (unless the interest implicit othe lease is availabe for use) Further, the existing rent free accrual of £0.1m was released through the
‘Company's brought forward retained earnings.

‘The Company has used the practical expedients permitted by IFRS 16 in relation to accounting for leases with a remaining lease term of less than 12
‘months as at 1 April 2019 as ‘short-term leases’, and those with a low value as ‘low value leases’. Consequently, no lease liability or right-of-use
asset was calculated thereon. These leases are expensed in the statement of profit and loss. The Company has also used the practical expedient
permitted by IFRS 16 to apply a single discount rate to a portfolio of leases with reasonably similar characteristics.

Measurement of lease liabilities
On initial recognition of a new lease, the lease liability is recognised as the present value of future payments, discounted using the incremental
borrowing rate (unless the interest implicit to the lease is available for use).

Lease payments to be made subsequent to optional termination options have been included within the lease, liability measurement, where it is
reasonably certain that such options will be exercised.

Lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. Ifthat rate cannot be easily determined, the incremental borrowing rate is
applied, being the rate that the individual lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value to the right-of-
use asset in a similar economic environment with similar terms, security and conditions.

‘The Company accounts for lease payments by allocating them to a finance cost element and against the lease liability. The finance cost is charged to
profit or loss over the lease period.

‘When the Company revises its estimate of the term of any lease (because, for example, it re-assesses the probability of a lessee extension or
termination option being exercised), it adjusts the carrying amount of the lease liability to reflect the payments to make over the revised term, which
are discounted using a revised discount rate. In such cases, an equivalent adjustment is made to the carrying value of the right-of-use asset, with the
revised carrying amount being amortised over the remaining (revised) lease term. If the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset is adjusted to zero,
any further reduction is recognised in profit or loss. .

In determining the incremental borrowing rate, the Company has:
‘+ Adopted the rate implicit in the lease, where this rate can be readily determined, or used the Incremental Borrowing Rates (“IBR") as
assessed for each lease. ‘
‘+ Made adjustments to the IBR for relevant factors such as lease term, lease value, country and asset specific considerations
‘The Company has no material exposure to variable lease payments that qualify for accounting treatment under IFRS 16.
Measurement of right-of-use assets

The right-of-use asset for lease agreements entered into after transition date is measured on initial recognition as the amount equal to the lease
liability on initial measurement, less any lease incentives, plus any initial direct costs. Right-of-use assets are depreciated over the shorter of the
asset's useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis.

Initial adoption of the standard has resulted in the recognition as at 1 April 2019 of right-of-use assets of £1.2m and lease liabilities of £1.2m. Refer
to note 9 for further detail.

‘The weighted average incremental borrowing rate applied to the lease liabilities on 1 April 2019 was 4.75%.
The discounted remaining lease payments are reconciled to the lease liability recognised on initial application as follows:

1 April 2019

£7000
Operating lease commitments disclosed as at 31 March 2019 . 1,434
Discounted using the average incremental borrowing rate (167)
Less: short-term leases recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis (72)
Other (UK printing lease not included in commitments March 2019) . u

Lease lial

ity recognised as at 1 April 2019

Page 19


===== page 22 =====
: Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
" ‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Notes (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)
Ld3 New accounting standards and interpretations (continued)
1 April 2019
£'000
Of which are:
Current lease liabilities | . 212
‘Non-current lease liabilities re 7 994
: 1,206

The change in accounting policy affected the following items in the balance sheet on 1 April 2019:
Right-of-use assets Increase by 1,206
Lease liabilities Increase by . 1,206
Deferred tax assets Increase/decrease 3

IFRIC 23 — Uncertainty Over Income Tax Treatments (effective for periods commencing on or after 1 January 2019)

‘The IFRIC 23 ‘Uncertainty Over Income Tax Treatments’ interpretation is effective for accounting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019 and
provides further clarification on how to apply the recognition and measurement requirements in IAS 12 ‘Income Taxes’.

IFRIC 23 has not had a material impact on the financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2020.

‘There are no accounting standards that are not yet effective that would be expected to have a material impact on the Company in the current or next
reporting periods. .

2 Turnover
FY 20 FY19
. . £000 £000
Rendering of services Looe, 46,190 49,662
Rechargeable expenses rer : 841 796
. 47,031 50,458
FY 20 FY19
2000 £000
By activity
Management consulting : _ 47,031 50,458
3 Auditor's remuneration
FY20 FY19
: £000 £000
Audit of these financial statements 64 40

Amounts receivable by the Company's auditor and its associates in respect of services to the Company and its associates, other than the audit of the
‘Company's financial statements, have not been disclosed as the information is required instead to be disclosed on a consolidated basis in the
consolidated financial statements of the Company’s parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc.

4 Staff numbers and costs
‘The average number of persons employed by the Company (including Directors) during the year, analysed by category, was as follows:

‘ Number of employees

FY20 FY 19
Administrative 9 7
Sales . : 153 143
162 150

Page 20


===== page 23 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2020
Notes (continued) .
4. Staff numbers and costs (continued).
‘The aggregate payroll costs of these persons were as follows:
FY20 FY19
£000 £000
‘Wages and salaries . . 17,591 16,660
Social security costs . : 1,646
Contributions to defined contribution plans : 366

At the year end, 3,142,421 share options over the equity in Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple, the parent company, remained outstanding to
the Companys management and employees, and no stare option vested inthe year. The Company hes inured a charge tothe profit ass account
in FY 20 of £641,433 (FY 19: £181,000) relating to these schemes.

5 Directors' remuneration
FY 20 FY 19
£000 £000
Directors' remuneration 5,455 4,560

Company contributions to money purchase pension plan 7 - -

Number of Directors
FY 20 FY19
Retirement benefits are accruing tothe following number of Ditestors under:
Money purchase schemes . : 18 -

‘The aggregate of remuneration and amounts receivable under Company long term incentive schemes of the highest paid director was £439,635 (FY
19: £399,000)

‘Amounts paid or payable to the Company's Directors through the Company's parent undertakings have been excluded from the above disclosure and
included within the disclosures of other Group companies, on the basis that their sérvices are predominantly provided to the wider Group.

6 Other interest payable and similar expense
FY 20 FY 19
£000 £000
Interest payable 54
7 Taxation
Recognised in the profit and loss account
FY 20 FY 19
£000 £000 £000 £000
Current tax
‘Current tax on income for the period . 2,253 2,432
Adjustments in respect of prior periods (293) (273)
Total current tax 1,960 2,159
Deferred tax (see note 13) 7 . : .
Origination and reversal of timing, differences a (6)
Effect of tax rate change on opening balances 4 -
Adjustments in respect of prior periods 2 20
33 14
1,993, 2,173

Page 21


===== page 24 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2020
Notes (continued)
7 ‘Taxation (continued)
Reconciliation of effective tax rate
FY 20 FY 19
£000 £000
Profit for the year 9,695 11,915
Total tax expense : 1,993 2,173
Profit excluding taxation : 11,688 14,088
‘Tax using the UK corporation tax rate of 19% (FY 19: 19%) 2,221 2,677
Reduction in tax rate on deferred tax balances 5 20
‘Non-deductible expenses 40 5
Fixed asset differences : - 3
Group relief claimed - (329)
Under / (over) provided in prior years . 73) 273)
Total tax expense 1,993
8 Tangible fixed assets
Fixtures,
Leasehold © Computer fittings and
improvements equipment equipment Total
£000 £000 £000 £000
Cost
Balance at 1 April 2019 202 658 17 on”
Additions 93 108 2 213
Disposals - (50) - (50)
295 716 129 1,140
Depreciation and impairment . :
Balance at 1 April 2019 . (182) (472) on) (755)
Depreciation charge for the year (26) (104) @) (139)
Disposals . . - 20 - 20
(208) (556) (110) (874)
Net book value . :
At31 March 2020 : 87 160 19 266
At April 2019 7 : 20 186 16 222

Page 22


===== page 25 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Notes (continued)

9 Leases

As set out in note 1, the Company has adopted IFRS 16 Leases during the year using the Modified Retrospective approach. This new accounting
standard replaces accounting treatment for leases previously depicted in LAS 17. IFRS 16 introduced a single lessee accounting model whereby a
lessee is required to recognise a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for all leases with a term of more than 12 months.

(@ Amounts recognised in the statement of financial position
The balance sheet shows the following amounts relating to leases:

Equipment
Right-of-use assets Buitdings under lease Total
£000 £000 £000
Cost
At April 2019 ‘ 1,195 u 1,206
Additions . - - -
Disposals and other movements - -
‘At 31 March 2020 1,195 sty 1,206
Depreciation
At 1 April 2019 7 - - -
Charge for the period ; (229) ‘) (234)
Disposals -
At31 March 2020 . (229) {0} (234)
Net book value at 31 March 2020 966 6 97
‘A summary of the Company’s lease liabilities as at 31 March 2020 is presented below:
FY 20 FY 19
£000 £000
Lease liabilities :
Current 221 -
‘Non-Current ™m -
993 -
Gi) Amounts recognised in the income statement
‘The income statement shows the following amounts relating to leases:
FY20 Fy19
£000 £000
Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets
Buildings ng -
Equipment : 4 -
233 -
Tnterest expense 54 -
Expense relating to short-term leases (included in administrative expenses) 33 -

‘Variable service charge costs associated with the Company’s property leases represent future outflows relating to the lease arrangements are also not
included within the IFRS 16 lease liability. These currently amount to £0.1m per annum and are expensed as incurred.

The Group has no income associated with sub-leasing arrangements, or gains/losses associated with sale-and-leaseback transactions in the current
year.
Detailed accounting policies related to the implementation of IFRS 16 are set out in note 1.

In order to aid comparability between periods, the table below shows the income statement captions to 31 March 2020 as if IFRS 16 had not been
adopted:

Page23


===== page 26 =====
Notes (continued)

9 Leases (continued)

Continuing operations
Revenue

Rechargeable expenses
Net fee income

Cost of sales

Gross profit
Administrative expenses
Operating profit

Net finance expenses

Profit before tax

10 Debtors

Trade debtors
Amounts owed by Group undertakings
Other debtors,

Prepayments and accrued income

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are interest free and are repayable on demand.
‘Trade debtors are stated after provisions for impairment of £157,603 (FY 19: £206,839)

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
Annual report and financial statements

FY 20 under

IFRS 16

JAS 17 adjustments

£000

47,031
(841)
46,190
(26,034)
20,156
(8,447)
11,709

11,709

FY 20
£000
7321
29,847
49
813

"38,030

£'000

33

(64)

@1y

‘The Directors are satisfied that all outstanding amounts from subsidiary group undertakings are recoverable. Expected credit loss

in relation to amounts owed by Group undertakings was immaterial in both the current and prior year.

31 March 2020

FY 20 under
IFRS 16
£1000

47,031
(841)
46,190
(26,034)
20,156
(8,414)
11,742
G4)
11,688

FY19
£000
9,702
23,333
134
1,740

34,909

Contract assets are recognised in accrued income and relate to satisfied performance obligations recognised and not invoiced at the year end. All
such contract assets are expected to be realised within one year and classified within current assets. Contract assets are recorded on a time spent basis.
and as performance obligations are met on agreed fees and day rates, billed in arrears. These are typically short-term timing differences which are
administrative in nature at each year end date. Contract asset payments are due on standard terms once the invoices are raised. The contract assets
‘movement in the year represents these timing differences across contracts at each year end, The following table sets out a reconciliation of the

‘movement in contract assets in the current and prior years.

Contract assets relating to contracts with customers 1 April 2019

Increase in contract assets in the period
Contract assets released

Balance as at 31 March 2020

Page 24

FY20
£000

4,199
501
(4,199)

501

FY 19
£000
1,786
1,199
(1,786)

1,199


===== page 27 =====
. Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
. Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2020
Notes (continued)
tT Creditors: amounts falling due within one year
FY20 FY 19
£000 £000
Trade creditors 679 TR
Amounts owed to Group undertakings 19,678 17,659
Taxation and social security ‘ 2,080 2,606
Accruals and deferred income : , 5,658 6,305

28,095 27,348

Amounts owed to Group undertakings are either interest-bearing or non interest-bearifig depending on the type of the creditor relationship and are
repayable on demand,

Deferred income recognises contract liabilities arising from the Company's revenue generating activities relating to payments received in advance of
performance delivered under a contract. These contract liabilities typically arise on short-term timing differences between performance obligations in
some milestone or fixed fee contracts and their respective contracted payment schedules. The contract liability movement in the year represents these
timing differences across contracts at each year end. The following table Sets out the revenue recognised in the current year that relates to carry
forward contract liabilities and the liabilities recognised in the current year which have been deferred to the next reporting period. All current
deferred income is expected to be recognised through revenue within one year.

FY 20 FY19
£000 £000
Contract liabilities relating to contracts with customers at start of period 220 441
Increase in contract liabilities in the period 94 220
Contract liabilities released 220) (441)
Balance as at 31 March 2020 94 220
Revenue arising from unperformed performance obligations are not matetial to the Company °
12 Other non-current liabilities .
. 2020 2019
£000 £000
Other non-current liabilities 93 -
93 -
13 Deferred tax assets and liabilities
Recognised deferred tax assets and liabilities
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are attributable to the following:
Assets Liabilities Net
FY20 FY19 FY 20 FY19 FY 20 FY19
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Tangible fixed assets, : - 50 34 50 34
Other - . an - : : (7)
Net tax (assets) / liabilities - an 50 34 50 7

In addition to the deferred tax asset above, the Company has no unrecognised grogs tax losses (FY 19: fnil). The UK corporation tax rate legislation
announced is set to hold the corporation tax rate at 19% for the 2019/20 and 2020/21 tax years. This rate has been reflected in the calculation of
deferred tax for the year ended 31 March 2020.

Page 25


===== page 28 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2020
Notes (continued)
14 Capital and reserves
Share capital
FY 20 FY 19
. £000 £000
Allotted, calted up and fully paid
275,000 ordinary shares of £1 each’ ‘ . 275 275
215 215
Shares classified in shareholders’ funds . 275 278
215 295

‘The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the
‘Company. So,

Dividends

An interim ordinary dividend payment totalling £10,000,000 was made to its sole shareholder Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
(FY 19: £18,265,000), to facilitate the payment of the Group dividend made by the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting,
Plc, to its shareholders. The Directors have not recommended the payment of a final dividend (FY 19: £nil).

15 Related parties
Identity of related parties with which the Company has transacted

‘The Company has not engaged in any transactions with any related parties other than with wholly owned subsidiaries. These transactions have not
been disclosed as the Company has taken advantage of exemptions under FRS101.

16 Events after the reporting period 5
The Directors consider that the outbreak of COVID-19 globally represents an adjusting evedt at the balance sheet date on the basis that the
significance of the social and economic impact was apparent at that date, The Group has therefore considered all conditions up to the date of
issuance of the financial statements as adjusting events. As disclosed in note 1, the impact of COVID-19 has been assessed in relation to: impairment
of non-financial assets, going concer (note 1), and expected credit loss.

Renewal of the Group's revolving credit facility 7

‘The Group has one principal bank facility, which as at 31 March 2020, comprised a £5.0m committed revolving credit facility (“RCF”) with Lloyds
Bank Ple, which was signed in October 2017, on AIM admission, expiring in October 2020. Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited are a
cross guarantor for this facility which has been drawn to the extent of £5.0m in March 2020.

Subsequent to the year end, in June 2020, the Group signed an extension and tpscaled its RCF with Lloyds Bank Ple to provide further funding
flexibility. Further disclosure is provided in the Annual Report and Accounts of the Companys ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Ple. The Group subsequently repaid the drawn amount of £5.0nm in full in September 2020.

7 Ultimate parent company and parent company of larger Group
‘The Company is a subsidiary undertaking of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, incorporated in England and Wales. The ultimate controlling.
party is Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc.

Both the largest and smallest Group in which the results of the Company are consolidated is that headed by Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc,
incorporated in England and Wales. The consolidated financial statements of the Group are available to the public and may be obtained from 60
Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB, or the website investors.alphafime.com.

"Page 26
