

===== page 1 =====
Lot

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited

Annual report and financial statements
Registered number 04710715
31 March 2021

wun :

sarraoe! #332 |
COMPANIES HOUSE 3

SATURDAY


===== page 2 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2021
Contents
Company information 1
Strategic report 2
Directors’ report 5
Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the strategic report and the Directors’ report and the financial
statements
Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited 8
Profit and Loss Account : 11
Balance Sheet 12
Statement of Changes in Equity 13

Notes 14

a


===== page 3 =====
Company Information

Directors

Company number

Registered office

Auditor

Bankers

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

ENB Fraser

JC Paton

S McNulty

B Lantorp (Resigned 27 November 2020)
KR Taylor (Resigned 27 November 2020)
N Fienberg (Resigned 27 November 2020)
OJ Vinden (Resigned 27 November 2020)
N Spencer (Resigned 30 November 2020)
AJ Glessing (Resigned 2 December 2020)
B Scaysbrook (Resigned 3 December 2020)
B West (Resigned 3 December 2020)

G Faragher-Thomas (Resigned 3 December 2020)
NS Curham (Resigned 3 December 2020)
K O'Shaughnessy (Resigned 6 December 2020)
‘A Heasman (Resigned 7 December 2020)
D Spencer (Resigned 7 December 2020)
GD Glass (Resigned 7 December 2020)

J Docker (Resigned 7 December 2020)

JP Benson (Resigned 7 December 2020)

J Reed (Resigned 7 December 2020)

MD Smith (Resigned 8 December 2020)

04710715

60 Gresham Street
London
EC2V 7BB

KPMG LLP
St Nicholas House
31 Park Row
Nottingham

NGI 6FQ

Lloyds Bank Ple
10 Gresham Street
London

EC2V TAE

HSBC Bank UK

71 Queen Victoria Street
London

ECAV 4AY

Page |


===== page 4 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Strategic report

Business review

For the year ended 31 March 2021 (FY 21'), the Company recorded a turnover of £48,482,000 (FY 20: £47,031,000), Profit after tax increased 7.7%
to £10,445,000 (FY 20: £9,695,000). Improved profitability is driven by a significant reduction in discretionary expenditure, staff entertainment costs
and employee travel, as a result of the prevalence of the COVID-19 pandemic throughout the financial year, offset by an increased level of Group”
recharges. Gross profit was £20,310,000 (FY 20: £20,156,000), reflecting revenue growth, alongside continued investment in our people and a
resilient fee rate performance in a competitive market. The Company's team of consultants is slightly up, closing at 161 at the year end (FY 20: 157),
reflecting the Company's commitment to retaining the best talent despite a challenging macro-economic environment. Trade receivables stayed
consistent at £7,923,000 compared to £7,321,000 in FY 20, due to continued strong cash collection and increased revenue in the year. There are no
concerns about the recoverability of the main unprovided debtors.

Future developments

The business plan developed by the Directors shows growth is expected to continue in the forthcoming year despite a retum in the Company's cost
base to pre-COVID-19 levels, The Directors are confident of achieving their plan for the year ahead, based on the level of on-going work at the start
of the financial year, the level of work already sold but still to be delivered and the pipeline of future opportunities.

Key performance indicators

‘The Directors monitor performance on a monthly basis using a range of financial and non-financial metrics. Working capital management is the
primary indicator which is reviewed on a more frequent basis to monitor cashflow, liquidity and the recovery of trade receivables.

Each month the Directors review the management accounts for each trading Group undertaking and compare actual performance against budget.
Costs, utilisation, and fee rates are also reviewed to monitor profitability
Principal risks and uncertainties

The performance of the Company is subject to only limited risk in the short and medium term as the future pipeline of work is good. The Company
continues to generate substantial cash after retaining a proportion of profits to fund increased working capital requirements resulting from growth.
Management continue to operate conservative cash management policies. The Directors are satisfied with performance for the year.

Risk management and the year ahead

‘The Directors are pleased with trading in a year of huge challenge and uncertainty with the ongoing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. The
Directors took pre-emptive actions in the first half of the year to preserve financial flexibility, including temporary salary sacrifices made by the
wider Director team and the deferral of employee profit share payments. However, the Company's financial performance strengthened throughout
the year and all precautionary final measures in response to COVID-19 were withdrawn and reversed.

‘The Company enjoyed growing momentum through the second half of the year and that has continued into the early part of the new financial year,
along with an excellent pipeline of new business opportunities under discussion, The Directors therefore look to the future with confidence.
Section 172 statement

Under Section 172(1) of the Companies Act 2006, a director of a company must act in the way he or she considers, in good faith, would be most
likely to promote the success of the Company for the benefit of its members as a whole, and in doing so have regard (amongst other matters) to:

* The likely consequence of any decision in the long term;
* The interests of the Company's employees;

* The need to foster the Company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others;

‘* The impact of the Company's operations on the community and the environment;

+ The desirability of the Company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct; and

* The need to act fairly as between members of the Company.

'FY 21 isthe financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2021. By comparison, FY 20 is the previous financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2020;
FY 22 is the subsequent financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2022

Group refers to the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ple and its subsidiaries.

Page 2


===== page 5 =====
1
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Strategic report (continued)

Section 172 statement (continued)

The following disclosure describes how the Directors have had regard to the matters set out in Section 172(1)(a) to (f) and forms the Directors’
statement under section 414CZA of The Companies Act 2006.

The Directors remain committed to engaging with all of the Company's stakeholders and considering their interests when making any strategic
decisions.

Environmental reporting

In accordance with the Companies Act 2006 and HM Government's ‘Environmental Reporting Guidelines’, the Company has not re-disclosed those
disclosures required by the Company's environmental reporting responsibilities (including Streamlined Energy and Carbon reporting) on the basis
that this information is available on our website in the Group's ‘Annual Report & Accounts 2021’ on pp.74-77.

Engagement with key stakeholders

‘The Board considers its key stakeholders to be its employees, its shareholders, its clients and the communities in which the Company operates. The
Board also recognises other stakeholder groups including suppliers, industry bodies and competitors with whom Alpha works or associates in the
marketplace, The Board understands that engaging with these stakeholders strengthens the Company's business relationships and facilitates its
decision making at an executive level, which is very important for Alpha’s long-term success.

Employees

Attracting, retaining and developing the very best people in the industry is integral to the Company’s culture and ongoing success, The Company is
committed to providing a highly rewarding place to work, and to maintaining a unique and inclusive culture that places people at the heart of the
business. To achieve this, there is a strong emphasis on interaction, open communication and the exchange of proactive insights from the employee
base. Employee feedback has always been a significant component of that picture. An inclusive environment for all employees is encouraged through
the prevalence of the Company's Diversity & Inclusion programme, and employees are incentivised to engage further with the wider objectives of the
business through a generous profit share scheme, and a share incentive plan available to senior management.

Clients

Allpha’s successful business model is built upon keeping clients’ needs at the core of its proposition, which includes the Company's geographic
network, the services it offers and the types of project that it delivers. Central to Alpha’s growth strategy is continuous investment in people,
locations and knowledge to help all clients address their challenges and best capitalise on opportunities. The Company holds a very strong emphasis,
on developing and sustaining long-term client relationships.

Communities

Alpha is committed to building positive relationships with the communities and environment in which it operates. This includes supporting
communities and organisations local and relevant to the Company's operations; and considering how to maximise the benefits and minimise the
downsides of its environmental and social impacts.

Please refer to pp 34-36 of the Annual Report & Accounts 2021 of the ultimate parent company (Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc) for further
detail on the above key stakeholders of the Company, and the Company's approach to engagement with each class of stakeholder.

Page 3


===== page 6 =====
Strategic report (continued)

Key Director decisions during the year

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

‘The Directors consider the following to.be key decisions and considerations they have made in the year to 31 March 2021.
For further information please-refer to p.37 of the Annual Report & Accounts 2021 of the Company's ultimate parent (Alpha Financial Markets

Consulting Pic),

shareholders.

{Issued the FY 20 Annual Report and financial statements to To ensure compliance with the requirements of the Companies Act and the

relevant accounting framework.

The Board considered the impacts of COVID-19 and the mitigating
Imessures, including short-term reductions to the remuneration of the
{Board, senior leadership and broader Alpha director team.

To address the long-term interests of all stakeholders and protect
the Company's balance sheet,

|The Board reviewed the results of an employee engagement plan and
approved a number of initiatives to be carried out by the Global
|Management Board and the HR team.

}To understand the feedback provided by employees, to take appropriate
lactions and to ensure the ongoing engagement of Aipha's employees in
respect of implementing positive changes. When reviewing the actions to be
|implemented, the Board considered the financial consequences and the
impact on long-term value and growth for the sharcholdcrs.

|The Board agreed the FY 21 interim dividend payable to the
|Companyss parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group
Limited.

To facilitate the payment of Group dividends to the shareholders of the
[Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Pic.

The Board agreed a provision to repay an element of the salary
sacrifice agreed earlier inthe year.

To incentivise the management of the Company and ensure the alignment of
interests between employees and shareholders.

|The Board considered the Company's strategic priorities at its
dedicated strategy sessions.

'To ensure the strategy is still appropriate and to review progress against
strategic goals.

Page 4


===== page 7 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Directors’ report
The Directors present their report and the audited financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2021.

Principal act

ies

The principal activity of the Company continued to be the provision of consulting and related services to clients in the asset, wealth management and
insurance industries.

Results and dividend
The results for the year are set out in the attached profit and loss account.

During the year, an ordinary dividend payment totalling £10,000,000 was made to the Company's sole shareholder Alpha Financial Markets
Consulting Group Limited (FY 20: £10,000,000), to facilitate the payment of the Group dividend made by the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha
Financial Markets Consulting Plc, to its shareholders. The Directors have not recommended the payment of a final dividend (FY 20: £nil).

For further information on the likely future developments of the business, please refer to the strategic report.
After deducting taxation, £10,445,000 profit was transferred to reserves (FY 20: £9,695,000).

Directors

The Directors who held office during the year were as follows:

ENB Fraser

JC Paton

$ McNulty

B Lantorp (Resigned 27 November 2020)
KR Taylor (Resigned 27 November 2020)
N Fienberg (Resigned 27 November 2020)
4 Vinden (Resigned 27 November 2020)
N Spencer (Resigned 30 November 2020)
‘AJ Glessing (Resigned 2 December 2020)
B Scaysbrook (Resigned 3 December 2020)
B West (Resigned 3 December 2020)

G Faragher-Thomas (Resigned 3 December 2020)
NS Curham (Resigned 3 December 2020)
K O'Shaughnessy (Resigned 6 December 2020)
‘A Heasman (Resigned 7 December 2020)
D Spencer (Resigned 7 December 2020)
GD Glass (Resigned 7 December 2020)

J Docker (Resigned 7 December 2020)

JP Benson (Resigned 7 December 2020)

J Reed (Resigned 7 December 2020)

MD Smith (Resigned 8 December 2020)

Political contributions

The Company made no political donations and incurred no political expenditure during the year.

Employee involvement

The health and welfare of the Company's employees remains a key priority for the Directors, as reflected by the Company's position on the ‘Sunday
Times 100 Best small companies to work for 2017-2020, and in the 'UK's 100 Best Large Companies to Work for’ in 2021. The Company has the
intent to attract, recruit, develop and retain key employees, and the Company maintains policies and procedures on the Group intranet, with access to
this documentation provided to employees via the Company's Human Resources department. Appropriate education and training and development
‘opportunities are provided to all employees to encourage continuous development, and employees are kept abreast of key financial and economic
updates on the Company's performance and other matters on a regular basis, and in monthly meetings hosted by senior management, where
employees have an opportunity to raise questions or provide feedback.

Page $


===== page 8 =====
‘Alpha Financial Markeis Consulting UK Limited
Anmual report and financial statements
31 March 2021.

Directors’ report (continued)

Employee involvement (continued)

itis the Company’ policy to give full and fair consideration to all applications for employment including from disabled people, having regard to
their abilities and aptitudes, Full consideration is givén to continuing the employment of staff who become disabled, including considering them for
other reasonable positions and arranging appropriate training where required. The Company aims to provide an inclusive environment for all
‘employees, regardless of sex, marital status, race, nationality, age, sexual orientation or religion.

‘The Company provides an opportunity for increased employee engagement with the Company's performance through the employee share incentive
scheme and the Company's profit share scheme.

Engagement with suppliers and customers

‘The Directors note the importance of fostering strong relationships with the Company's customers and suppliers through open communication and
having regard for these relationships in strategic decisions made relating to the Company.

Disclosure of information to auditor

The Directors who held office at the date of approval of this Directors’ report confirm that, so far as they are each aware, there is no relevant audit
information of which the Company's auditor is unaware; and each Director has taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as a Director to make
themselves aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the Company's auditor is aware of that information.

Auditor
‘Pursuant to Section 487 of the Companies Act 2006, the auditor will be deemed to be reappointed and KPMG LLP will therefore continue in office.
By order of the Board.

13 December 2021

Page 6


===== page 9 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the strategic report, the Directors’ report
and the financial statements

The Directors are responsible for preparing the strategic report, the Directors’ report and the financial statements in accordance with applicable law
and regulations.

Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year, Under that law they have elected to prepare the financial
statements in accordance with UK accounting standards and applicable law (UK Generally Accepted Accounting Practice), including FRS 101
Reduced Disclosure Framework.
Under company law the Directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of
affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for that period. In preparing these financial statements, the Directors are required to:
* select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;
+ make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent;
* state whether applicable UK accounting standards have been followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and explained
in the financial statements;
‘+ assess the Company's ability to continue as a going concer, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern; and
* use the going concer basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations or have no
realistic alternative but to do so.

The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the Company’s transactions and
disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply
with the Companies Act 2006. They are responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have general responsibility for taking such steps as are
reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the Company and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.

Page 7


===== page 10 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha
Limited

ancial Markets Consulting UK

Opinion
We have audited the financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited (“the Company”) for the year ended 31 March 2021

which comprise the profit and loss account, balance sheet, statement of changes in equity and related notes, including the accounting policies in note
1.

In our opinion the financial statements:

* give a true and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs as at 31 March 2021 and of its profit for the year then ended;

‘+ have been properly prepared in accordance with UK accounting standards, including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework;
and

+ have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and applicable law. Our responsibilities are
described below. We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and are independent of the Company in accordance with, UK ethical
requirements including the FRC Ethical Standard. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis for our
opinion

Going concern

The Directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concem basis as they do not intend to liquidate the Company or to cease its
operations, and as they have concluded that the Company's financial position means that this is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no
material uncertainties that could have cast significant doubt over its ability to continue as a going concern for at least a year from the date of
approval of the financial statements (“the going concer period”).

In our evaluation of the Directors’ conclusions, we considered the inherent risks to the Company’s business model and analysed how those risks
might affect the Company's financial resources or ability to continue operations over the going concern period.

‘Our conclusions based on this work:

‘+ we consider that the Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is
appropriate;

* we have not identified, and concur with the directors’ assessment that there is not, a material uncertainty related to events or
conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the Company's ability to continue as a going concem for
the going concern period.

However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in outcomes that are inconsistent with judgements
that were reasonable at the time they were made, the above conclusions are not a guarantee that the Company will continue in operation.

Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations — ability to detect

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatemem due to fraud
To identify risks of material misstatement due to fraud (“fraud risks”) we assessed events or conditions that could indicate an incentive or pressure to
‘commit fraud or provide an opportunity to commit fraud. Our risk assessment procedures included
+ Enquiring of Directors as to the Company’s high-level policies and procedures to prevent and detect fraud, as well as whether they
have knowledge of any actual, suspected or alleged fraud.
+ Reading Board minutes.
‘+ Considering remuneration incentive schemes and performance targets for management and Directors.
‘© Using analytical procedures to identify any unusual or unexpected relationships.
‘We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit team and remained alert to any indications of fraud throughout the audit.
As required by auditing standards, we perform procedures to address the risk of management override of controls and the risk of fraudulent revenue

recognition, in particular the risk that revenue is recorded in the wrong period and the risk that management may be in a position to make
inappropriate accounting entries, and the risk of bias in accounting estimates and judgements such as share-based payment assumptions.

We did not identify any additional fraud risks.
We performed procedures including:
© Identifying journal entries to test based on risk criteria and comparing the identified entries to supporting documentation. These
included unusual pairings with a credit or debit to an account below EBITDA and unusual journals with a credit or debit entry to
cash;
+ Identifying revenue transactions to test based on unusual pairings with a credit or debit to revenue;
‘+ Assessing significant accounting estimates for bias.

Page 8


===== page 11 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK
Limited (continued)

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due 10 non-compliance with laws and regulations

We identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the financial statements from our general
commercial and sector experience, and through discussion with the directors and other management (as required by auditing standards), and
discussed with the Directors and other management the policies and procedures regarding compliance with laws and regulations.

‘We communicated identified laws and regulations throughout our team and remained alert to any indications of non-compliance throughout the
audit,

The potential effect of these laws and regulations on the financial statements varies considerably.

Firstly, the Company is subject to laws and regulations that directly affect the financial statements including financial reporting legislation (including
related companies legislation), distributable profits legislation and taxation legislation, and we assessed the extent of compliance with these laws and
regulations as part of our procedures on the related financial statement items,

Secondly, the Company is subject to many other laws and regulations where the consequences of non-compliance could have a material effect on
amounts or disclosures in the financial statements, for instance through the imposition of fines or litigation. We identified the following areas as.
those most likely to have such an effect: anti-bribery and employment law recognising the financial nature of the Company’s activities. Auditing
standards limit the required audit procedures to identify non-compliance with these laws and regulations to enquiry of the Directors and other
management and inspection of regulatory and legal correspondence, if any. Therefore if a breach of operational regulations is not disclosed to us or
evident from relevant correspondence, an audit will not detect that breach,

Comtext of the ability of the audit to detect fraud or breaches of law or regulation
‘Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an unavoidable risk that we may not have detected some material misstatements in the financial
statements, even though we have properly planned and performed our audit in accordance with auditing standards. For example, the further removed
non-compliance with laws and regulations is from the events and transactions reflected in the financial statements, the less likely the inherently
limited procedures required by auditing standards would identify it.

In addition, as with any audit, there remained a higher risk of non-detection of fraud, as these may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,

misrepresentations, or the override of internal controls. Our audit procedures are designed to detect material misstatement. We are not responsible
for preventing non-compliance or fraud and cannot be expected to detect non-compliance with all laws and regulations.

Strategic report and Directors’ report

The Directors are responsible for the strategic report and the Directors report. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover those reports
and we do not express an audit opinion thereon,

Our responsibility is to read the strategic report and the Directors’ report and, in doing so, consider whether, based on our financial statements audit
work, the information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with the financial statements or our audit knowledge. Based solely on that
work:

* we have not identified material misstatements in the strategic report and the Directors’ report;
* in our opinion the information given in those reports for the financial year is consistent with the financial statements; and
* in our opinion those reports have been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception
Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:
* adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received from branches not visited
by us; or
* the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or
* certain disclosures of Directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or
‘+ we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit.

We have nothing to report in these respects,

Directors’ responsibilities

As explained more fully in their statement set out on page 7, the Directors are responsible for: the preparation of the financial statements and for
being satisfied that they give a true and fair view; such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; assessing the Company's ability to continue as a going concern,
disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern; and using the going concem basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the
Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Page 9


===== page 12 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK
Limited (continued)

Auditor’s responsibilities
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether
due to fraud or error, and to issue our opinion in an auditor’s report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but does not guarantee that
an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists, Misstatements can arise from fraud or
error and are considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users

taken on the basis of the financial statements.

A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC’s website at www.fre.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities,

The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities

This report is made solely to the Company's members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006. Our audit
work has been undertaken so that we might state to the Company’s members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor's report and
for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the
Company's members, as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Craig Parkin (Senior Statutory Auditor)
for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
Chartered Accountants

St Nicholas House

31 Park Row

Nottingham

NGI 6FQ

13 December 2021

Page 10


===== page 13 =====
Profit & loss account
for the year ended 31 March 2021

Turnover

Rechargeable expenses
Net fee income

Cost of sales

Gross profit

Administrative expenses

Operating profit

Other interest payable and similar expense
Profit before taxation
Taxation

Profit for the financial year

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Yearended Year ended
31 March 31 March
Note 2021 2020
£000 £000
2 48,482 47,031
2 1) (841)
2 48,431 46,190
4 (28,121) (26,034)
20,310 20,156
5 (7,712) (8,414)
12,598 11,742
6 (163) (4)
12,435 11,688
7 (1,990) (1,993)
10,445, 9,695

In both the current and preceding year, the Company made no acquisitions and had no discontinued operations.
There were no recognised gains or losses in either the current or preceding year other than those disclosed in the profit and loss account, and
therefore no separate statement of other comprehensive income has been presented.

Page II


===== page 14 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited

Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021
Balance sheet
As at 31 March 2021
Asat Asat
Note 31 March 2021 . 31 March 2020
£000 £000 £000 £000
Non-current assets
Tangible fixed assets 8 47 266
Right-of-use assets 9 739 972
Amounts owed by Group undertakitigs 10 2,985 2,985,
3,871 4,223
Current assets
Debtors 10 46513 38,030
Cash at bank and in hand u 5902 7815
52,415 45,645,
‘Current liabilities
Creditors: amounts failing due within one year 12 36,216) (28,095)
Lease liabilities 9 (229) (221)
‘Corporation tax (51) (2,594)
(86,696) 0,910)
Net current assets 15,719 14,735
— ——
Total assets less current liabilities 19,590 18,958
Non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities 9 (643) (772)
Non-current liabilities 1B 645) (93)
Deferred tax liability 14 (4) (50):
Net assets 18,488 18,043,
—— ——=
Capital and reserves
Called up share capital 15 278 275
Other resetves 181 181
Profit and loss account 18,032 17,587
Shareholders’ funds 18,488 18,043
——_ —=

‘The notes on pages 14-26 form part of these financial statements. These financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of
iepytors on 13 Disember 2021. They were signed on its behalf by:

y registered number: 04710715

Page 12


===== page 15 =====
Statement of changes in equity

Asat I April 2019

Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit for the period

Transactions with owners
Dividends
As at 31 March 2020

Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit for the period

Transactions with owners

Dividends

As at 31 March 2021

Page 13

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Called up Other Profitand =Total
share capital reserves loss account equity
£000 £000 £000 £000

275 181 17,892 18,348

- - 9,695 9,695

- - (10,000) (10,000)

275 181 17,587 18,043

- : 10,445 10,445,

: - (10,000) (10,000)

275 181 18,032 18,488



===== page 16 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Notes
(forming part of the financial statements)

1 Accounting policies

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Limited (the “Company”) is a company limited by shares, domiciled and registered in the UK. The registered
number is 04710715 and the registered address is 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB.

‘These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework (“FRS 101”).

In preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement and disclosure requirements of International Financial

Reporting Standards (“Adopted IFRSs”), but makes amendments where necessary in order to comply with Companies Act 2006 and has set out
below where advantage of the FRS 101 disclosure exemptions has been taken.

‘The Company's ultimate parent undertaking, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple, includes the Company in its consolidated financial statements
‘The consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple are available to the public and may be obtained from 60 Gresham
Street, London, EC2V 7BB,
In these financial statements, the Company has applied the exemptions available under FRS 101 in respect of the following disclosures:

* A cash flow statement and related notes,

* Comparative period reconciliations for share capital, tangible fixed assets, intangible assets and investment properties;

* Disclosures in respect of transactions with wholly owned subsidiaries,

* Disclosures in respect of capital management;

* The effects of new but not yet effective IFRSs;

* Disclosures in respect of the compensation of Key Management Personnel; and

* Disclosures of transactions with a management entity that provides key management personnel services to the Company.
‘As the consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc include the equivalent disclosures, the Company has also taken
the exemptions under FRS 101 available in respect of the following disclosures:

«IFRS 2 Share Based Payments in respect of Group settled share based payments; and

* Certain disclosures required by IFRS 16 Leases in relation to disclosure of the Company's leasing activities.

* Certain disclosures required by IFRS 3 Business Combinations in respect of business combinations undertaken by the Company.
The accounting policies set out below have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods presented in these financial statements.

LI Basis of preparation

These financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost basis, except for certain financial instruments that are measured at fair value.

The presentational currency of these financial statements and the functional currency of the Company is pounds sterling. All amounts in these
financial statements have been rounded to the nearest £1,000, unless stated otherwise.

12 Significant judgements and estimates

The preparation of financial information in accordance with IFRS requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect
the application of accounting policies and reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses.

The Directors have made no judgements, excluding those involving estimations, in the process of applying the Company’s accounting policies that
are considered to have a significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements for the period ending 31 March 2021

‘The Directors have identified the following areas as key estimates that are considered to have a significant risk of resulting in a material adjustment
to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities within the next financial year.

Share-based payments

Management have estimated the share-based payments expense under IFRS 2. In determining the fair value of share-based payments, management
have considered several internal and external factors in judging the probability that management and employee share incentives may vest and in
assessing the fair value of share options at the date of grant, Such assumptions involve estimating a number of future performance and other factors.
The fair value calculations have been externally assessed for reasonableness in the current and prior period.

13 Going concern
The financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis which the Directors consider to be appropriate for the following reasons:

(@) The Directors have prepared cash flow forecasts for a period of at least 12 months from the date of approval of these financial
statements which indicate that, taking account of reasonably possible downsides, the Company will have sufficient funds to meet its
liabilities as they fall due for that period.

(b) The Directors are confident that the Company will have sufficient funds to continue to meet its liabilities as they fall due for at least 12
months from the date of approval of the financial statements.

‘The Company's forecasts and projections show that the Company has sufficient financial resources, both from the Company's robust balance sheet
and its expected cash flow generation, sufficient for the going concer period. The Company also has access to additional funding through other
Group entities, via the Group's revolving credit facility and the strength of the Group's cash position at 31 March 2021. Accordingly, the Directors
have adopted the going concer basis in preparing these financial statements.

Page 14


===== page 17 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Notes (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)

14 Foreign currency

Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the Company's functional currencies at the foreign exchange rate ruling at the date of the
transaction, Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the balance sheet date are retranslated to the functional currency at
the foreign exchange rate ruling at that date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency
are translated using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are
stated at fair value are retranslated to the functional currency at foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates the fair value was determined. Foreign
exchange differences arising on translation are recognised in the profit and loss.

1S Financial instruments

‘The Company uses financial instruments comprising cash and cash equivalents, preference shares, loan notes and other short-term instruments, such
as trade payables that arise from its operations. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to fund the Group’s business strategy and working.
capital requirements.

Accounting policies in respect of financial instruments are outlined below.

Financial assets

Financial assets are initially measured at fair value plus or minus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction
costs. The Company has not reclassified any financial assets subsequent to initial recognition as at the balance sheet date. Reclassification of classes

of financial assets is accounted for prospectively in accordance with IFRS 9, where this is required. Any difference on reclassification from amortised
ost to fair value through profit or loss is recognised in the profit and loss at the reclassification date,

Financial assets are assessed at each reporting date to determine a lifetime expected credit loss that reflects the credit risk associated with the
portfolio of assets. A financial asset is impaired in line with the simplified approach under IFRS 9 which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance.

‘An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured at amortised cost is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the
present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the asset's original effective interest rate. For financial instruments measured at cost
less impairment, impairment is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the best estimate of the amount that the Company would
receive for the asset if it were to be sold at the reporting date. Interest on the impairment asset continues to be recognised through the unwinding of
the discount, Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. When a subsequent event causes the amount of the impairment to decrease, the
decrease in impairment loss is reversed through statement of comprehensive income.

Trade and other debtors

Trade and other debtors are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less provision for impairment. A
provision for impairment of trade debtors is established when there is objective evidence that the Company will not be able to collect all amounts due
according to the original terms of the receivables. The provision is recognised in the income statement as an operating charge.

The trade debtors’ balances recorded in the Company's statement of financial position comprise a relatively small number of large balances and are
held until realised in cash

Alpha provides services to customers on credit terms with mainly arrears billing, Certain receivables may not be paid. The Company applies the
IFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables. To measure
expected credit losses, trade debtors have been grouped based on shared credit characteristics and the days past due. The Company consider
historical loss rates for each ageing category as a starting point for estimating the expected credit loss. This historical loss rate is subsequently
adjusted for macro-economic and customer specific factors of receivables within each ageing category. Characteristics considered by the Company
for these purposes include historical collection experience for each customer, the assessed liquidity of key customers within the debtors balance, and
other relevant macro-economic factors such as COVID-19 and Brexit in order to determine a reasonable and supportable assessment of the expected
lifetime credit risk in the context of the overall year-end trade receivables due.

Amounts owed by Group undertakings

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less provision for
impairment. A provision for impairment of intercompany receivables is established using an expected credit loss model. The Company classifies all
intercompany receivables that form a part of the normal trading cycle of the Company as current, as well as non-trading balances where the
counterparty has sufficient resources to settle the balance within a twelve month period from the balance sheet date. All other amounts owed by
Group undertakings are considered as non-current assets.

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and call deposits and are recorded and subsequently measured at amortised cost in line with IFRS
9.

Page 15


===== page 18 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Notes (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)
1S Financial instruments (continued)
Financial liabilities

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities designated upon initial
recognition as at fair value through profit or loss. Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are acquired for the purpose of selling,
in the near term. This category includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Company that are not designated as hedging instruments
in hedge relationships as defined by IFRS 9. As at 31 March 2021, the Company had no such financial liabilities.

Other financial liabilities held by the Group are recognised at amortised cost.
Trade and other creditors

Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value and are subsequently measured at amortised cost. Trade payables due within one year
are not discounted.

Amounts owed to Group undertakings
Amounts owed to Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost.
Investments in subsidiaries

Investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost less any provision for impairment. The Company monitor for indicators of impairment at each reporting
period, and a full impairment assessment is performed on an annual basis.

The Directors have deemed that no impairment was required in both the current and prior years.
Interest-bearing borrowings

Interest-bearing borrowings are recognised initially at fair value less attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, interest-bearing
borrowings are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less any impairment losses.

16 Tangible fixed assets

All property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost (or deemed historical cost) less accumulated depreciation, Cost includes the original
purchase price of the asset and the costs attributable to bringing the asset to its working condition for its intended use.

Depreciation is provided on all property, plant and equipment at rates calculated to write each asset down to its estimated residual value on a straight-
line basis at the following annual rates:

Computer equipment 3-6 years straight line
Fixtures, fittings and equipment 4 years straight line
Leasehold improvements 5 years straight line

Useful economic lives and estimated residual values are reviewed annually and adjusted as appropriate.

17 Leases

Leases are negotiated on an individual basis, and for a variety of terms over which rentals are fixed with break clauses and options to extend for a
further period at the then prevailing market rate. Rental agreements to which IFRS 16 has been applied, span anywhere from 13 months to 10 years.
Contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components. Non-lease components are separately identifiable and excluded from the lease for the
purpose of IFRS 16 implementation.

‘The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may
not be used as security for borrowing purposes.

Alongside the rental leases associated with the office spaces, The Company also hold leases associated with office equipment. These form the
population of leases subject to review under IFRS 16.

Measurement of lease liabilities

On initial recognition of a new lease, the lease liability is recognised as the present value of future payments, discounted using the incremental
borrowing rate (“IR”), unless the interest rate implicit to the lease is available for use.

Lease payments to be made subsequent to optional termination options have been included within the lease liability measurement, where it is
reasonably certain that such options will not be exercised. Similarly, lease payments relating to extension options are only included wherein
reasonable certainty has been achieved that these options will be exercised.

Lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be easily determined, the IBR is applied, being the rate
that the individual lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar
economic environment with similar terms, security and conditions.

‘The Company accounts for lease payments by allocating them to a finance cost element and against the lease liability. The finance cost is charged to
profit or loss over the lease period.

Page 16


===== page 19 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Notes (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)

17 Leases (continued)

When the Company revises its estimate of the term of any lease (for example, if the probability of a lessee extension or termination option being
exercised is re-assessed), the Company adjusts the carrying amount of the lease liability to reflect the payments to make over the revised term, which
are discounted using a revised discount rate, In such cases, an equivalent adjustment is made to the carrying value of the right-of-use asset, with the
revised carrying amount being amortised over the remaining (revised) lease term. If the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset is adjusted to zero,
any further reduction is recognised in profit or loss.

In determining the IBR, the Company has:

* Adopted the rate implicit in the lease, where this rate can be readily determined, or used the IBR as assessed for each lease.
* Made adjustments to the IBR for relevant factors such as lease term, lease value, country and asset specific considerations.
* The Company has no material exposure to variable lease payments that qualify for accounting treatment under IFRS 16.

Measurement of right-of-use assets
The right-of-use asset for lease agreements entered into after transition date is measured on initial recognition as the amount equal to the lease
liability on initial measurement, less any lease incentives, plus any initial direct costs. Right-of-use assets are depreciated over the shorter of the
asset's useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis,

The Company has used the practical expedients permitted by IFRS 16 in relation to accounting for leases with a remaining lease term of less than 12
months as “short-term leases”, and those with a low value as “low value leases”. Consequently, no lease liability or right-of-use asset was calculated
thereon. These leases are expensed in the statement of profit and loss, The Company also applies the practical expedient to combine leases with
similar characteristics to a portfolio of leases for the purpose of applying the requirements of IFRS 16.

18 Impairment (non-financial assets)

‘The carrying amounts of the entity's non-financial assets, other than deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether
there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the assets’ recoverable amount is estimated. The recoverable amount of an
asset or cash-generating unit is the greater of its value in use and its fair value, less costs to sell. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash
flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the
risks specific to the asset

For the purposes of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates
independent cash inflows (the “cash-generating unit”); that is, cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of
other assets or groups of assets.

‘An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable amount. Impairment losses are
recognised in profit or loss, Impairment losses are allocated between the carrying amounts of other assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro-rata
basis as a reduction in the value of the asset.

An impairment loss is reversed if and only if the reasons for the impairment have ceased to apply.

Impairment losses recognised in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indication that the loss has decreased or no longer exists.
‘An impairment loss is only reversed to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been
determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

Right-of-use assets relating to the Company’s leasing activities are recognised on the balance sheet at an amount equal to the lease liability on initial
measurement, less any lease incentives, plus any initial direct costs. Right-of-use assets are depreciated over the shorter of the asset's useful life and
the lease term on a straight-line basis. For further information refer to the “Leases” section above and note 9.

19 Employee benefits
Defined contribution plans

AA defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which the Company pays fixed contributions into a separate entity and will have
a legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts. Contributions to defined contribution schemes are charged to the statement of
‘comprehensive income as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the scheme. Differences between contributions payable in the year
and contributions paid are shown as either accruals or pre-payments in the statement of financial position.

Page 17


===== page 20 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Notes (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)
19 Employee benefits (continued)

Share-based payments

The cost of share-based employee compensation arrangements, whereby employees receive remuneration in the form of shares or share options, is
recognised as an employee benefit expense in the statement of profit or loss.

‘The total expense to be apportioned over the vesting period of the benefit is determined by reference to the fair value (excluding the effect of non
market-based vesting conditions) at the date of grant.

In determining the fair value of share-based payments under IFRS 2, management has considered a number of internal and extemal factors in order

to judge the probability that management and employee share incentives may vest. Such judgements involve estimating future performance and other
non market-based factors.

At the end of each reporting period the assumptions underlying the number of awards expected to vest are adjusted for the effects of non-market-
based vesting conditions to reflect the conditions prevailing at that date. The impact of any revisions to the original estimates is recognised in the
statement of profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to equity. Fair value is measured by the use of a binomial model. The assumptions have
been adjusted, based on management's best estimate, for the effects of non-transferability, lack of dividend until vesting and exercise restrictions,

The fair value calculations have been externally assessed as reasonable in the circumstances.
Regarding the share-based payments charge relating to employees of the Company, there is an intra-group recharge arrangement with the Company's,
ultimate parent undertaking, to reflect the benefits received by the respective entity in relation to employees granted share options.

‘The Company is considered to be the receiving entity in the arrangement, in line with the benefit received for services provided through ongoing
employment. The Company's ultimate parent undertaking is deemed to be the settling entity in the intra-Group arrangement, as share options granted
are in relation to ordinary shares of the parent, and recognises the share-based payments charge for the full Group in other reserves.

Amounts relating to employees who provide services directly to the Company are recorded within the profit and loss account in the form of a
management recharge.

‘The Company's management and employees have access to an equity settled share-based payment arrangement for new employees which forms a
part of the wider schemes offered across the Group, which are settled in Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc shares. The Company has two
distinct schemes, the ‘Management Incentive Plan’ (MIP) and the ‘Employee Incentive Plan’ (EIP). These are described below.

The Management Incentive Plan (“MIP”)

The Company has a MIP to retain and incentivise the Directors and senior management.

Options granted in the current and prior years to the Directors and senior management of the Company are subject to the fulfilment of two or more
performance conditions determined by the Group's remuneration committee.

MIP awards have either nit exercise price payable (or no more than a nominal purchase price payable) in order to acquire shares pursuant to options.
MIP awards have either 3- or 4-year vesting periods from the date of grant and can be equity-settled only.

The Employee Incentive Plan (“EIP”)

Under the EIP, a broad base of the Group’s employees have been granted share options or share awards over a small number of Alpha Financial
Markets Consulting Ple shares. The EIP has been structured as is most appropriate under the local tax, legal and regulatory rules.

Further disclosure of these schemes is provided within the Group's consolidated 2021 Annual Report & Accounts, and the share-based payment
arrangement concerns equity instruments of the Company's ultimate parent company, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, and therefore the
Directors have applied disclosure exemptions for the subsidiary accounts as permitted under FRS 101,

1.10 Provisions

A provision is recognised in the balance sheet when the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, that can be
reliably measured and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation. Provisions are determined by
discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects risks specific to the liability

LU Revenue recognition
Recognition of revenue and client billing

Revenue consists of the value of work executed for clients during the year and expenses recharged, exclusive of VAT. Revenue is classified into net
fee income and recharged expenses. Net fee income represents the Company's personnel, subcontractor and related expertise and services sold to
clients. Recharged expenses is the recharge of costs incidental to fulfilling contracts including flights, subsistence and accommodation on which nil
or negligible margin is earned by the Company.

Page 18


===== page 21 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Notes (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)

1 Revenue recognition (continued)

The Company delivers services that have no alternative use to Alpha (advice to clients, reports, etc) as the services are specifically tailored to clients’
projects and scope of work. The significant majority of Alpha’s revenue is contracted on a time and materials basis, where the performance
obligation is to provide consultancy resources at agreed day rates. In such contracts, revenue is recognised over time, as the number of consultant
days worked are delivered. Modifications or extensions to such projects are recognised as delivered. Significant extensions, where the scope or price
of the contract increases, are treated as separate contracts. Contracts accounted for on a time and materials basis are billed incrementally, typically
monthly, for incurred time and materials.

Revenue recognition for fixed fee projects is based on the actual service provided to the end of the reporting period as a proportion of total services
to be provided either over time or in line with internally or externally identified project milestones, depending on the nature of the performance
obligations for the project. Material scope changes are managed via a new agreement with the client. Fixed fee projects are typically billed in
accordance with the nature of the performance obligations when a right to payment crystallises.

For fixed fee milestone projects, revenue is recognised at a point in time upon delivery of each performance obligation and these projects are billed
as contractual milestones are delivered and the right to payment exists.

Revenue is wholly attributable to the principal activities of the Group. For all revenue types, payment is typically due between 30 and 60 days after
the invoice date or receipt of invoice, depending on the client and geography.

Recognition of contract receivables

Activity performance recognised as revenue in excess of invoices raised are contract receivables and are included within accrued income, up to the
value of the relevant project delivery milestone, where applicable. On invoicing, the contract receivable is reclassified to trade receivables.

Recognition of contract liabilities

Where amounts have been invoiced in excess of work performed and recognised, the excess is a contract liability and is included within deferred
income and valued in line with the nature of the project and related performance obligations as described above and recognised in future periods.

1.12 Cost of sales

Cost of sales is defined by management as the direct costs associated with the generation of the Group’s revenue, including staff payroll and
contractor costs, subsistence and travel that are directly attributable to the delivery of services and supporting growth.

113 Expenses
Interest receivable and interest payable

Interest payable and similar expenses include interest payable, unwinding of the discount on provisions, and discount unwinding associated with
leases within the scope of IFRS 16, Other interest receivable and similar income include interest receivable on funds invested and net foreign
‘exchange gains.

Interest income and interest payable on bank loans or amounts due to certain Group undertakings is recognised in profit or loss as it accrues, using
the effective interest method.

Dividend expense

Dividend expenses are recognised in the statement of changes in equity on the date the entity's right to pay the dividend is established.

114 Taxation

Taxation expense on the result for the period comprises current and deferred tax. Current and deferred tax is recognised in the profit & loss account,
except to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in equity, in which case it is recognised in equity.

Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income for the period, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the
balance sheet date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous periods.

Deferred tax is provided using the balance sheet liability method, providing for temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. The amount of deferred tax provided is based on the expected
‘manner of realisation or settlement of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the balance
sheet date.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probabie that
sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offSet when there is a
legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities, and when they relate to taxes levied by the same taxation authority
and the Company intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

Page 19


===== page 22 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Notes (continued)

1 Accounting poli

ies (continued)

LIS New accounting standards dnd interpretations
The following changes in accounting policies were applied by the Company in these financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2021. These
included the adoption of new standards and interpretations described below.
The International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) have issued the following standards and
interpretations which are now effective:

* IFRS 9 Financial Instruments with IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts (Amendments to IFRS 4);

* Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards;

© Definition of a Business (Amendments to IFRS 3);

© Definition of material (Amendments to IAS | and LAS 8); and

* Interest Rate Benchmark Reform (Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39 and IFRS 7).
‘The following amendments to existing standards have been issued and became effective in the year as a response to the COVID-19 pandemic:

* Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions (Amendment to IFRS 16), effective from | June 2020 and endorsed by the UK on 9 October 2020.
‘The Directors reviewed the nature and effect of these new standards on the Company and noted no material impact on the financial statements for
the year ended 31 March 2021.

The Directors have considered new standards and interpretations that have been issued but not yet been effective, however have applied the
exemption not to disclose this information under FRS 101

2 Turnover
FY21 FY 20
£000 £000
Rendering of services 48,431 46,190
Rechargeable expenses si 841
48,482 47,031
FY21 FY 20
£000 £000
By activity
Management consulting 48,482 47,031
3 Auditor's remuneration
FY 21 FY 20
£000 £000
Audit of these financial statements B 64

Amounts receivable by the Company's auditor and its associates in respect of services to the Company and its associates, other than the audit of the
Company's financial statements, have not been disclosed as the information is required instead to be disclosed on a consolidated basis in the
consolidated financial statements of the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc.

4 Staff numbers and costs
‘The average number of persons employed by the Company (including Directors) during the year, analysed by category, was as follows:

Number of employees

FY21 FY 20

Administrative 8 9
Sales 159 153
167 162

Page 20


===== page 23 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Notes (continued)

4 Staff numbers and costs (continued)

‘The aggregate payroll costs of these persons were as follows:

FY21 FY 20

£000 £000

‘Wages and salaries 20,786 17,591
Social security costs 1,944 1,726
‘Contributions to defined contribution plans 647 596
23,377 19,913

At the year end, 3,481,647 (FY 20: 3,142,421) share options over the equity in Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, the parent company,
remained outstanding to the Company's management and employees. The weighted average remaining contractual period to vest for outstanding,
share options is 2 years. All share options outstanding at the year end date have a nominal exercise price. During the year 1,218,750 share options
vested (FY 20: nil), of which 875,000 were exercised at nominal value, with the remaining 343,750 options outstanding at the year end. The
Company has incurred a charge to the profit & loss account in FY 21 of £1,473,615 (FY 20: £641,433) relating to these schemes under IFRS 2 for
employees and management that provide direct services to the Company.

5 Directors’ remuneration
FY 21 FY 20
£000 £000
Directors’ remuneration 3,359 5,455
Gain on share option exercises 3,126 -
Company contributions to money purchase pension plan - -

During the year ended 31 March 2021, 12 Directors of the Company exercised 625,000 share options (FY 20: nil) at market value.

Number of Directors

FY21 FY 20
Benefits are accruing to the following number of Directors under:
Money purchase schemes (retirements) "7 18
Long term share incentive plan 16 16

‘The aggregate of remuneration and amounts receivable under Company long term incentive schemes of the highest paid director was £1,227,000
(FY 20: £439,635), of which £791,000 (FY 20: nil) relates to gains made on the exercise of share options.

Amounts paid or payable to the Company's Directors through the Company's parent undertakings have been excluded from the above disclosure and
included within the disclosures of other Group companies, on the basis that their services are predominantly provided to other Group companies.

6 Other interest payable and similar expense
FY21 FY 20
2000 £000
Interest payable 19 _
Interest expense on lease liabilities 44 34
163 34

Page 21


===== page 24 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Notes (continued)

7 Taxation
Recognised in the profit and loss account
FY21 FY 20
£000 £000 £000 £000
Current tax
Current tax on income for the period 2,043 2,253
Adjustments in respect of prior periods (16) (293)
Total current tax 2,027 1,960
Deferred tax (see note 14)
Origination and reversal of timing differences (25) 8
Effect of tax rate change on opening balances - 4
Adjustments in respect of prior periods (12) 21
(7) 33
1,990 1,993
Reconciliation of effective tax rate
FY21 FY 20
£000 £000
Profit for the year 10,445 9,695
Total tax expense 1,990 1,993
Profit excluding taxation 12,438 11,688
Tax using the UK corporation tax rate of 19% (FY 20: 19%) 2,363 2,221
Reduction in tax rate on deferred tax balances - 5
Non-deductible expenses 286 40
Fixed asset differences (4) -
Group relief claimed (598) -
Prior period group relief payments 189 -
Under / (over) provided in prior years (216) 273)
Total tax expense 1,990 1,993,

The UK corporation tax rate legislation announced is set to hold the corporation tax rate at 19% for the 2019/20 and 2020/21 tax
years. An increase in the UK corporation tax rate from 19% to 25% (effective 1 April 2023) was substantively enacted on 24 May
2021. This change will increase the Company's future tax rate accordingly, but is expected to have an immaterial impact on the
‘Company's future profits... Prior period group relief payments relate to payments made for group relief transfered in FY20.

8 Tangible fixed assets
Fixtures,
Leasehold Computer fittings and
improvements equipment —_ equipment Total
£000 £000 £000 £000
Cost
Balance at | April 2020 295 76 129 1,140
Additions - 9 : 9
Disposals (65) (82) - (116)
230 744 129 1,103
Depreciation and impairment
Balance at 1 April 2020 (208) (556) (110) (874)
Depreciation charge for the year © (100) @) ia)
Disposals - 32 - 32
(214) (624) (118) (956)
Net book value
At31 March 2021 16 120 uN 147
Atl April 2020 87 160 19 266

Page 22


===== page 25 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
Annual report and financial statements.

31 March 2021
Notes (continued)
9 Leases
(@ Amounts recognised in the statement of financial position
‘The balance sheet shows the following amounts relating to leases:
Equipment
Right-of-use assets Buildings under lease Total
£000 £000 £000
Cost
Atl April 2020 1,195 ul 1,206
Additions - - -
Disposals and other movernents - - 7
At31 March 2021 1,195 ul 1,206
Depreciation
At | April 2020 (229) (5) (234)
Charge for the period (229) re) (233)
Disposals - - -
At31 March 2021 (458) (O} (467)
Net book value at 31 March 2021 737 2 29
A summary of the Company's lease liabilities as at 31 March 2021 is presented below:
FY21 FY 20
£000 £000
Lease lial
Current 229 21
Non-current 543 ™m
772 993
(ii) Amounts recognised in the income statement
The income statement shows the following amounts relating to leases:
FY21 FY 20
£000 £000
Depreciation of right-of-use asset (233) (234)
Short-term lease expense - (33)
Low-value lease expense - 7
Variable service charges (80) (82)
Included in administration expenses 313) 349)
Interest expense on lease liabilities (44) (4)
Included in finance expenses (44) (4)

The income statement records, within operating profit, £33k relating to leases not within the scope of IFRS 16, such as leases with a lease term of
less than 12 months as at the commencement of the lease and therefore treated as “short-term leases”. There were no leases, with a lease term of
more than 12 months that were designated as low value leases in the year.

Total rental payments made in the year on all lease tenors amounted to £0.3m (FY 20: £0.3m). Variable service charge costs associated with the
‘Company's property leases represent future outflows relating to the lease arrangements are also not included within the IFRS 16 lease liability. These
currently amount to £0.1m per annum and are expensed as incurred, The Company had no leases committed to but not yet commenced as at 31
March 2021, and any extension options with reasonable certainty at the date of signing these financial statements have been included within the lease
‘The Company has no income associated with sub-leasing arrangements, or gains/losses associated with sale-and-leaseback transactions in the current
year.

Page 23


===== page 26 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
Annual report and financial statements.
31 March 2021

Notes (continued)

10 Debtors

FY21 FY 20

£000 £000

Trade debtors 7,923 7,321

Amounts owed by Group undertakings 38,085 29,847

Other debtors 3 49

Prepayments and accrued income 532 813

46,513 38,030

Trade debtors are stated after provisions for impairment and expected credit losses of £59,127 (FY 20: £157,603)

‘The Directors are satisfied that all outstanding amounts from subsidiary group undertakings are recoverable. Expected credit loss
in relation to amounts owed by Group undertakings was immaterial in both the current and prior year.

Contract receivables are recognised in accrued income and relate to satisfied performance obligations recognised and not invoiced at the year end.
Alll such contract receivables are expected to be realised within one year and classified within current assets. Contract receivables are recorded on a
time spent basis and as performance obligations are met on agreed fees and day rates, billed in arrears. These are typically short-term timing
differences which are administrative in nature at each year end date, Contract receivable payments are due on standard terms once the invoices are
raised, The contract receivables movement in the year represents these timing differences across contracts at each year end. The following table sets
out a reconciliation of the movement in contract receivables in the current and prior years.

FY21 FY 20

£000 £000
Contract assets relating to contracts with customers 1 April 2020 501 1,199
Increase in contract assets in the period 362 501
Contract assets released (301) (1,199)
Balance as at 31 March 2021 362 501

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are interest free and are repayable on demand. The Company classifies all intercompany receivables that form
a part of the normal trading cycle of the Company as current, as well as non-trading balances where the counterparty has sufficient resources to settle
the balance within a twelve month period from the balance sheet date. All other amounts owed by Group undertakings are considered as non-current
assets. Of a total of £41,040,000 (FY 20: £32,831,000) of amounts owed by Group undertakings, the Company recognised £2,985,000 (FY 20:
£2,985,000) within non-current assets and £38,055,000 (FY 20: £29,847,000) within current assets.

" Cash and cash equivalents

FY21 FY 20
£000 £000
Cash and cash equivalents $,902 7615
Balance as at 31 March 2021 $,902 7615

2 Creditors: amounts falling due within one year
FY21 FY 20
£000 £000
Trade creditors 763 679
Amounts owed to Group undertakings 26,941 19,678
Taxation and social security 1,617 2,080
Accruals and deferred income 6,895 5,658
36,216 28,095

Page 24


===== page 27 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Notes (continued)

12 Creditors: amounts falling due within one year (continued)

Amounts owed to Group undertakings are either interest-bearing or non interest-bearing depending on the type of the creditor relationship and local
regulatory requirements. At the balance sheet date the majority of these balances are non interest-bearing. All amounts owed to Group undertakings
are repayable on demand.

Deferred income recognises contract liabilities arising from the Company's revenue generating activities relating to payments received in advance of
performance delivered under a contract. These contract liabilities typically arise on short-term timing differences between performance obligations in
some milestone or fixed fee contracts and their respective contracted payment schedules. The contract liability movement in the year represents these
timing differences across contracts at each year end. The following table sets out the revenue recognised in the current year that relates to carry
forward contract liabilities and the liabilities recognised in the current year which have been deferred to the next reporting period, All current
deferred income is expected to be recognised through revenue within one year.

FY21 FY 20
£000 £000
Contract liabilities relating to contracts with customers at start of period 4 220
Increase in contract liabilities in the period 152 94
Contract liabilities released (94) (220)
Balance as at 31 March 2021 152 4
Revenue arising from unperformed performance obligations are not material to the Company
13 Other non-current
FY21 FY 20
£000 £000
Other non-current liabilities 345 93
$45 8

Amounts classified as non-current liabilities in both the current and prior year relate to social security tax due on the Group's share option schemes.

14 Deferred tax assets and liabilities
Recognised deferred tax assets and liabilities
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are attributable to the following:

Assets Liabilities Net
FY 21 FY 20 FY21 FY 20 FY 21 FY 20
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Accelerated capital allowances - - 24 50 24 50
Other (000) - - - (10) -
Net tax (assets) / liabilities (10) - 24 50 4 30

In addition to the deferred tax asset above, the Company has no unrecognised gross tax losses (FY 20: fnil). The UK corporation tax rate legislation
announced is set to hold the corporation tax rate at 19% for the 2020/21 and 2021/22 tax years, This rate has been reflected in the calculation of
deferred tax for the year ended 31 March 2021.

An increase in the UK corporation rate from 19% to 25% (effective 1 April 2023) was substantively enacted on 24 May 2021. An initial assessment
is that this change would increase the Companys’s future current tax charge accordingly and increase the Company’s existing deferred tax liability by
an immaterial amount. A detailed analysis of the impact of these changes on the Company's tax position will be undertaken in due course.

Page 25


===== page 28 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2021
Notes (continued)
15 Capital and reserves
Share capitat
FY21 FY 20
£000 £000
Allotted, called up and fully paid
275,000 ordinary shares of £1 each 278 275
275 275
Shares classified in shareholders’ funds 275 275
278 275

The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the
‘Company.

Dividends

During the year, an ordinary dividend payment totalling £10,000,000 was made to the Company's sole shareholder Alpha Financial Markets
Consulting Group Limited (FY 20: £10,000,000), to facilitate the payment of the Group dividend made by the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha
Financial Markets Consulting Plc, to its shareholders. The Directors have not recommended the payment of a final dividend (FY 20: fnil).

16 Related parties
Identity of related parties with which the Company has transacted

‘The Company has not engaged in any transactions with any related parties other than with wholly owned subsidiaries. These transactions have not
been disclosed as the Company has taken advantage of exemptions under FRS101.

7 Ultimate parent company and parent company of larger Group

‘The Company is a subsidiary undertaking of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, incorporated in England and Wales. The ultimate controlling
party is Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc.

Both the largest and smallest Group in which the results of the Company are consolidated is that headed by Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc,
incorporated in England and Wales. The consolidated financial statements of the Group are available to the public and may be obtained from 60
Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB, or the website investors.alphafmc.com.

Page 26
