

===== page 1 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited

Annual report and financial statements
Registered number 04710715
31 March 2022

|

ZOY7F

49/10/2022
COMPANIES HOUSE

|

A

in

|

#94


===== page 2 =====
Contents

Company information

Strategic report rs

Directors’ report

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the strategic report and the Directors’ report and the financial statements
Independent auditor's report to the members of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited

Profit and loss account

Balance sheet

Statement of changes in equity

Notes


===== page 3 =====
Company information -

Directors

Company number

Registered office

Auditor

Bankers

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

‘ENB Fraser
IC Paton

S McNulty

GA Cook (appointed 30 June 2022)
§ Peacock (appointed 30 June 2022)

04710715

60 Gresham Street, London,
EC2V 7BB

KPMGLLP
‘StNicholas House, 31 Park Row, Nottingham,
NGI 6FQ

Lloyds Bank Ple
10 Gresham Street, London,
ECIV 7AE

HSBC Bank UK
71 Queen Victoria Street, London,
ECAV 4AY

Page I


===== page 4 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Strategic report

Business review

For the year ended 31 March 2022 (FY 22!), the Company recorded revenue of £61,462,000 (FY 21: £48,482,000) as a result of strong demand, particularly
in the Company's established offerings, Operations, Investments and Distribution, alongside increased interest in the Company's newer offerings around ESG
‘& RI and Insurance. Gross profit also increased to £26,355,000 (FY 21: £20,310,000), reflecting good utilisation and positive fee rates progression. Profit after
tax was slightly higher at £10,778,000 (FY 21: £10,445,000) as improved gross profits are somewhat offset by increased reerutment costs, as well as
discretionary spend returning closer to pre COVID-19 levels. The Company's team of consultants is slightly up, closing at 195 at the year end (FY 21: 161),
reflecting the Company's commitment to retaining the best talent despite a challenging macro-economic environment. Trade debtors fel slightly to £7,117,000
‘compared to £7,923,000 in FY 21, due to continued strong cash collection offset by the impact of increased revenue in the year. There are no concems about
the recoverability of debtors,

Key performance indicators

‘The Directors monitor performance on a monthly basis using a range of financial and non-financial metrics. Working capital management is the primary
indicator which is reviewed on a more frequent basis to monitor cashflow, liquidity and the recovery of trade receivables.

Each month the Directors review the management accounts for each trading Group undertaking and compare actual performance against budget. Costs,
utilisation, and fee rates are also reviewed to monitor profitability.

Principal risks and uncertainties

‘The performance of the Company is subject to only limited risk in the short and medium term as the future pipeline of work is good. The Company continues
to generate substantial cash after retaining a proportion of profits to fund increased working capital requirements resulting from growth, Management is mindful
of the challenging macro-economic environment, including inflation and the war in Ukraine, and continues to operate conservative cash management policies. The
Directors are pleased with performance for the year.

Future developments

‘The business plan developed by the Directors shows growth is expected to continue in the forthcoming year despite a retum in the Companys cost base to pre
COVID-9 levels. The Directors are confident of achieving their plan forthe year ahead, based on the level of on-going work at the start ofthe financial year,
the level of work already sold but still to be delivered and the pipeline of future opportunities.

Section 172 statement

Under Section 172(1) of the Companies Act 2006, a director of a company must act in the way he or she considers, in good faith, would be most likely to
promote the success of the Company for the benefit of its members as a whole, and in doing so have regard (amongst other matters) to:

‘The likely consequence of any decision in the long term;
The interests of the Company's employees;

‘The need to foster the Company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others;

‘The impact of the Company's operations on the community and the environment,

‘The desirability of the Company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct; and
‘The need to act fairly as between members of the Company.

+ FY 22 is the financial yoar covering the 12 months to 31 March 2022. By comparison, FY 21 isthe previous financial year covertg the 12 months to 31 March 2021; PY 23 isthe
subsequent financial yea covering the 12 months to 31 March 2023.

Page 2


===== page 5 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Strategic report (continued)

Section 172 statement (continued)

‘The following disclosure describes how the Directors have had regard to the matters set out in Section 172(1)(a) to (f) and forms the Directors’
statement under section 414CZA of the Companies Act 2006.

‘The Directors remain committed to engaging with all of the Company's stakeholders and considering their interests when making any strategic
decisions.

Engagement with key stakeholders _

‘The Board considers its key stakeholders o be its employees, its shareholders, its clients and the communities in which the Company operates. The Board also
recognises other stakeholder groups including vendors and suppliers, industry bodies and competitors with whom Alpha works or associates inthe marketplace.
‘The Board understands that engaging with these stakeholders strengthens the Company's business relationships and facilitates its deci
executive level, which is very important for Alpha’s long-term success.

Employees

Attracting, retaining and developing the very best people in the industry is integral to the Company's culture and ongoing success. The Company is committed
to providing a highly rewarding place to work, and to maintaining a unique and inclusive culture that places people at the heart of the business. To achieve this,
there isa strong emphasis on interaction, open communication and the exchange of proactive insights from the employee base. Employee feedback has always
been a significant component of that picture. An inclusive environment for all employees is encouraged through the prevalence of the Company's Diversity &
Inclusion programme, and employees are incentivised to engage further with the wider objectives of the business through a generous profit share scheme, and a
share incentive plan available to senior management,

Clients

Alpha’s successful business model is built upon keeping clients’ needs at the core of its proposition, which includes the Company's geographic network, the
services it offers and the types of projects that it delivers. Central to Alpha's growth strategy is continuous investment in people, locations and knowledge to
help all clients address their challenges and best capitalise on opportunities. The Company works hard at developing and sustaining long-term client
relationships.

Communities

Alpha is committed to building positive relationships with the communities and environment in which it operates. This includes supporting communities and
organisations local and relevant to the Company operations. It extends to considering how to maximise the benefits and minimise the downsides of its
environmental and social impacts

Please refer to pp 32-34 of the Annual Report & Accounts 2022 of the ultimate parent company, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Pl, for further details on
the above key stakeholders of the Company, and the Company's approach to engagement with each class of stakeholder.
Key Director decisions during the year

‘The Directors consider the following to be key decisions and considerations they have made in the year to 31 March 2022.
For further information please refer to p.35 of the Annual Report & Accounts 2022 of the Company's ultimate parent (Alphi
De

ancial Markets Consulting Plc).

n

siderations

Issued the FY 21 Annual Report and financial statements to shareholders. [To ensure compliance with the requirements of the Companies
[Act 2006 and the relevant accounting framework.

[To address the Tong-term interests of stakeholders and protect
hike Company's balance sheet.

Ihe Board considered the continuing impact of COVID-19 and the
mitigating measures put in place by the senior management team.

[To facilitate the payment of Group’ dividends to the
shareholders of the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial
Jarkets Consulting Plc.

The Board agreed the FY 22 interim dividend payable to the Company's
parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited.

2 Group refers to the Companys ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting pl, and its subsidiaries.

The Board considered the Company's strategic priorities at its dedicated [To ensure that the strategy is still appropriate and to review
strategy sessions. lprogress against strategic goals.
By order of the Board.

clit

John C Paton
Director

12 October 2022 : .

Page 3


===== page 6 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Directors’ report

‘The Directors present their report and the audited financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022.

Principal activities

The principal activity of the Company continued to be the provision of consulting and related services to clients inthe asset management, wealth management
and insurance industries.

Results and dividend
‘The results for the year are set out in the profit and loss account.

During the year, an ordinary dividend payment totalling £23,000,000 was made to the Company's sole shareholder Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group
Limited (FY 21: £10,000,000), to facilitate the payment of the Group dividend made by the Company’s ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Plc, to its shareholders. The Directors have not recommended the payment of a final dividend (FY 21: Enil)

For further information on the likely future developments of the business, please refer to the strategic report. After deducting taxation, £10,778,000 of
retained profit was transferred to reserves (FY 21: £10,445,000)..

Directors

‘The Directors who held office during the year and at the date of this report were as follows:

ENB Fraser

JC Paton

SMeNulty

GA Cook (appointed 30 June 2022)
'S Peacock (appointed 30 June 2022)

Political contributions

‘The Company made no political donations and incurred no political expenditure during the year.

Employee involvement

Details of how the Company engages with employees are set out in the Section 172 statement the Strategic Report on p.3.

Itis the Company's policy to give full and fair consideration to all applications for employment including from disabled people, having regard to their abilities
and aptitudes. Full consideration is given to continuing the employment of staff who become disabled, including considering them for other reasonable positions

and arranging appropriate training where required. The Company aims to provide an inclusive environment forall employees, regardless of scx, marital status,
race, nationality, age, sexual orientation or religion.

Engagement with suppliers and customers

‘The Directors note the importance of fostering strong relationships with the Company's customers and suppliers through open communication and having,
regard for these relationships in strategic decisions made relating to the Company.

Environmental reporting °

In accordance with the Companies Act 2006 and HM Government's Environmental Reporting Guidelines, the Company has not re-disclosed those disclosures
required by the Company's environmental reporting responsibilities (including Streamlined Energy and Carbon reporting) on the basis that this information is
available on our website in the Group's Annual Report & Accounts 2022 on pp.76-80.

Disclosure of information to auditor
‘The Directors who held office at the date of approval of this Directors’ report confirm that, so far as they are cach aware, there is no relevant audit information

of which the Company's auditor is unaware; and each Director has taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as a Director to make themselves aware of
any relevant audit information and to establish that the Company's auditor is aware of that information.

Auditor
Pursuant to Section 487 of the Companies Act 2006, the auditor will be deemed to be reappointed and KPMG LLP will therefore continue in office.

By order of the Board.

Cc

John C Paton
Director

60 Gresham Street, London,
EC2V 7BB

12 October 2022
Page 4


===== page 7 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the strategic report, the Directors’ report
and the financial statements

‘The Directors are responsible for preparing the strategic report and the Directors” report and the financial statements in accordance with applicable law
and regulations.
Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law they have elected to prepare the financi

statements in accordance with UK accounting standards and applicable law (UK Generally Accepted Accounting Practice), including FRS 101
Reduced Disclosure Framework.

Under Company law the Directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of
affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for that period. In preparing these financial statements, the Directors are required to:

«select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;
‘+ make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent,

«state whether applicable UK accounting standards have been followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in the
financial statements;

+ assess the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concem; and

+ use the going concer basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.
The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the Company's transactions and disclose
with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the
Companies Act 2006. They are responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements
that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have general responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to
them to safeguard the assets of the Company and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.

Page $


===== page 8 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK
Limited

Opinion
‘We have audited the financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited (“the Company”) for the year ended 31 March 2022
which comprise the balance sheet, profit and loss account, statement of changes in equity and related notes, including the accounting policies innote
1.
In our opinion the financial statements:

+ give a true and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs as at 31 March 2022 and of its profit for the year then ended;

+ have been properly prepared in accordance with UK accounting standards, including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework; and

+ have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)") and applicable law. Our responsibilities are
described below. We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and are independent of the Company in accordance with, UK ethical
requirements including the FRC Ethical Standard. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis for our
opinion.

Goingeoncern

The directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concem basis as they do not intend to liquidate the Company or to cease its
operations, and as they have concluded that the Company’s financial position means that this is realistic. They have also concluded that there are
‘no material uncertainties that could have cast significant doubt over its ability to continue as a going concern for at least a year from the date of
approval of the financial statements (“the going concern period”).

In our evaluation of the directors’ conclusions, we considered the inherent risks to the Company's business model and analysed how those risks
might affect the Company’s financial resources or ability to continue operations over the going concer period.

‘Our conclusions based on this work:

+ we consider that the Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is
appropriate;

+ we have not identified, and concur with the directors" assessment that there is not, a material uncertainty related to events or conditions
that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the Company's ability to continue as a going concem for the going
concer period.

However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in outcomes that are inconsistent with judgements
that were reasonable at the time they were made, the above conclusions are not a guarantee that the Company will continue in operation.

Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations — ability to detect

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to fraud
To identify risks of material misstatement due to fraud (“fraud risks”) we assessed events or conditions that could indicate an incentive or pressure
to commit fraud or provide an opportunity to commit fraud. Our risk assessment procedures included:
+ Enquiring of Directors as to the Company's high-level policies and procedures to prevent and detect fraud, as well as whether they
have knowledge of any actual, suspected or alleged fraud.
+ Reading Board minutes.
* Considering remuneration incentive schemes and performance targets for management and Directors.
+ Using analytical procedures to identify any unusual or unexpected relationships.
‘We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit team and remained alert to any indications of fraud throughout the audit.

‘As required by auditing standards, we perform procedures to address the risk of management override of controls and the risk of fraudulent revenue
recognition, in particular the risk that revenue is recorded in the wrong period and the risk that management may be in a position to make
inappropriate accounting entries, and the risk of bias in accounting estimates and judgements such as share-based payment assumptions.

‘We did not identify any additional fraud risks.

We performed procedures including:

«+ Identifying journal entries to test based on risk criteria and comparing the identified entries to supporting documentation. These
included unusual pairings with a credit or debit to an account below EBITDA and unusual journals with a credit or debit entry to cash;

+ Identifying revenue transactions to test based on unusual pairings with a credit or debit to revenue;
+ Assessing significant accounting estimates for bias.

Page 6


===== page 9 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
311 March 2022

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK
Limited (continued)

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to non-compliance with laws and regulations
We identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the financial statements from our general
commercial and sector experience, and through discussion with the directors and other management (as required by auditing standards), and
discussed with the Directors and other management the policies and procedures regarding compliance with laws and regulations.

We communicated identified laws and regulations throughout our team and remained alert to any indications of non-compliance throughout the
audit.

‘The potential effect of these laws and regulations on the financial statements varies considerably. - - .
Firstly, the Company is subject to laws and regulations that directly affect the financial statements including financial reporting legislation (including
related companies legislation), distributable profits legislation and taxation legislation, and we assessed the extent of compliance with these laws and
regulations as part of our procedures on the related financial statement items.

Secondly, the Company is subject to many other laws and regulations where the consequences of non-compliance could have a material effect on
amounts or disclosures in the financial statements, for instance through the imposition of fines or litigation. We identified the following areas as those
‘most likely to have such an effect: anti-bribery and employment law recognising the financial nature of the Company’s activities. Auditing standards
limit the required audit procedures to identify non-compliance with these laws and regulations to enquiry of the directors and other management and
inspection of regulatory and legal correspondence, if any. Therefore ifa breach of operational regulations is not disclosed to us or evident from relevant
correspondence, an audit will not detect that breach.

Context of the ability of the audit to detect fraud or breaches of law or regulation

‘Owing to the inherent limitations ofan audit, there is an unavoidable risk that we may not have detected some material misstatements in the financial
statements, even though we have properly planned and performed our audit in accordance with auditing standards. For example, the further removed
non-compliance with laws and regulations is from the events and transactions reflected in the financial statements, the less likely the inherently
limited procedures required by auditing standards would identify it,

In addition, as with any audit, there remained a higher risk of non-detection of fraud, as these may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
misrepresentations, or the override of internal controls, Our audit procedures are designed to detect material misstatement, We are not responsible
for preventing non-compliance or fraud and cannot be expected to detect non-compliance with all laws and regulations.

Strategic report and Directors’ report

‘The Directors are responsible for the strategic report and the Directors’ report. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover those reports
and we do not express an audit opinion thereon,

Our responsibility isto read the strategic report and the Directors’ report and, in doing so, consider whether, based on our financial statements audit
work, the information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with the financial statements or our audit knowledge. Based solely on that
work:

+ we have not identified material misstatements in the strategic report and the Directors’ report;
+ in our opinion the information given in those reports for the financial year is consistent with the financial statements; and
* in our opinion those reports have been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006,

Matters on which we are required to report by exception
Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:
+ adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received from branches not visited
by us; or
+ the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or
* certain disclosures of Directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or
‘+ we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit.

We have nothing to report in these respects.

Directors’ responsibilities

As explained more fully in their statement set out on page 5, the Directors are responsible for: the preparation of the financial statements and for
being satisfied that they give a true and fair view; such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements
that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; assessing the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing,
as applicable, matters related to going concem; and using the going concer basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company
or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Page7


===== page 10 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK
Limited (continued)

Auditor’s responsibilities

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether
due to fraud or error, and to issue our opinion in an auditor’s report. . Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but does not guarantee that
an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or
error and are considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users,
taken om the basis of the financial statements,

A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC’s website at www.frc.org.ul/auditorsresponsibilities.

The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities
This report is made solely to the Company's members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006. Our audit
work has been undertaken so that we might state to the Company’s members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor’s report and
for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the
‘Company's members, as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed,

Ake

Craig Parkin (Senior Statutory Auditor)

for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
Chartered Accountants

StNicholas House,

31 Park Row,

Nottingham NGI 6FQ

13 October 2022

Page 8


===== page 11 =====
Profit & loss account
for the year ended 31 March 2022

Revenue

Rechargeable expenses
Net fee income

Cost of sales

Gross profit

Administrative expenses

Operating profit

Other interest payable and similar expense
Profit before taxation

Taxation

Profit for the financial year

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
Year ended Year ended
31 March 31 March
Note 2022 2021
£000 £000

2 61,462 4RAR2
2 (69) G1)
2 61,393 48,431
(35,038) (28,121)

26,355 20310

(12,191) (7,712)

14,164 12,598

6 G4) (163)
14,130 12435

7 (3,352) (1,990)
10,778 10,445

In both the current and preceding year, the Company made no acquisitions and had no discontinued operations.
There were no recognised gains or losses in either the current or preceding year other than those disclosed in the profit and loss account, and therefore no separate

statement of other comprehensive income has been presented.
‘The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.

Page9


===== page 12 =====
Balance sheet
As at 31 March 2022

Non-current assets

Tangle fixed assets

Right-of-use assets

Amounts owed by Group undertakings

Current assets
Debtors
‘Cash at bank and in hand

Current liabilities
Creditors: amounts falling due within one year
Lease liabilities
Corporation tax

Net current assets

Total assets less current liabilities

Non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Deferred tax lability

Net assets

Capital and reserves
Called up sbare capital
Other reserves

Profit and loss account

Shareholders’ funds

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
As at As at
Note 31 March 2022 31 March 2021
£000 £000 £000 £000
8 225 147
9 Sil 739
10 3,162 2,985
3,898 3,871
10 31,685 46513
I 6,204 5,902
37,889 52,415
12 2,511) (36216)
9 (241) (229)
(295) (251)
83,047) (36,696)
4,842 15,719
8,740 19,590
9 (305) (543)
13 (2,133) (545)
4 (36) (14)
6,266 18,488
1S 275 275
181 181
5,810 18,032
6,266 18,488

‘The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements. These financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors

on 12 October 2022. They were signed on its behalf by:

c(t

John C Paton
Director

Company registered number: 04710715

Page 10


===== page 13 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
Statement of changes in equity
Total
Called up Other Profit and Shareholders’
share capital —_ reserves loss account funds
£000 £000 £000 £000
As at 1 April 2020 _— 205 181 17,587 18,043
Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit for the period - - 10,445 10,445
Transactions with owners
Dividends - - (10,000) (10,000)
As at 31 March 2021 275 181 18,032, 18,488
Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit for the period : - 10,778 10,778
‘Transactions with owners
Dividends - - (23,000) (23,000)
As at 31 March 2022 275 181 5,810 6,266

‘The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.


===== page 14 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Notes
(forming part of the financial statements)

1 Accountingpolicies

‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Limited (the Company”) is a company limited by shares, domiciled and registered in the UK. The registered
number is 04710715 and the registered address is 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB.

‘These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework (“FRS 101”).

In preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement and disclosure requirements of International Financial Reporting
Standards (“Adopted IFRSs"), but makes amendments where necessary in order to comply with Companies Act 2006 and has set out below where advantage of
the FRS 101 disclosure exemptions has been taken.

‘The Company's ultimate parent undertaking, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, includes the Company in its consolidated financial statements. The
consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc are available to the public and may be obtained from 60 Gresham Street, London,
EC2V 7BB.

In these financial statements, the Company has applied the exemptions available under FRS 101 in respect ofthe following disclosures:
‘A cash flow statoment and related notes;
‘Comparative period reconcilistions for share capital, tangible fixed assets, intangible assets and investment properties;
Disclosures in respect of transactions with wholly owned subsidiaries;
Disclosures in respect of capital management;
‘The effects of new but not yet effective IFRSs;
Disclosures in respect of the compensation of Key Management Personnel; and
Disclosures of transactions with a management entity that provides key management personnel services to the Company.
As the consolidated financial statements of Alpba Financial Markets Consulting Ple include the equivalent disclosures, the Company has also taken the
‘exemptions under FRS 101 available in respect of the following disclosures:
‘+ IFRS 2 Share-Based Payment in respect of Group settled share-based payments, and
© Certain disclosures required by IFRS 16 Leases in relation to disclosure of the Company's leasing activities.
© Certain disclosures required by IFRS 3 Business Combinations in respect of business combinations undertaken by the Company. The accounting,
policies set out below have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods presented in these financial statements,

LI Basis of preparation

‘These financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost basis, except for certain financial instruments that are measured at fair value. The
presentational currency of these financial statements and the functional currency of the Company is pounds sterling. All amounts in these financial statements
have been rounded to the nearest £1,000, unless stated otherwise.

12 ‘Significant judgements and estimates

‘The preparation of financial information in accordance with IFRS requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the
application of accounting policies and reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses.

‘The Directors have made no judgements, excluding those involving estimations, in the process of applying the Company's accounting policies that

are considered to have a significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements forthe period ending 31 March 2022.

‘The Directors have identified the following areas as key estimates that are considered to have a significant risk of resulting in a material adjustment to the
carrying amounts of assets or liabilities within the next financial yea.

Share-based payments

‘As described in note 1.9 to these financial statements, the Company receives recharged expenses relating to a share option scheme operated by the Company's
ultimate parent. In the calculation of these amounts st a Group level, management have estimated the share-based payments expense under IFRS 2. In
determining the fair value of share-based payments, management have considered several intemal and external factors in judging the probability that
‘management and employee share incentives may vest and in assessing the fair value of share options at the date of grant. Such assumptions involve estimating
‘a number of future performance and other factors. The fair value calculations have been externally assessed for reasonableness in the current and prior period.

‘The Company recognised a total expense of £2.9m (FY 21: £1.5m) in the curreat year, comprising £2.0m (FY 21: £1.0m) in relation to equity settled share-
based payments, and £0.9m (FY 21: £0.5m) relating to relevant social security taxes. Given the estimation, were the future conditions forall outstanding share
‘options assumed to be met at the end of the reporting period, the charge in the year would increase by £0.8m.

Assumptions associated with the calculation of the social security tax liability due on vesting of share options include an estimation of the forward-looking
share price at the vesting date based on applicable analyst research and applicable future tax rates. For these purposes, share price is updated at each reporting,
Period to reflect historic levels, and is assumed to grow in line with the estimated future performance of the business. If the estimated future share price growth
assumption were to double, the social security costs in the year could increase by £0.2m. Were the share price to remain flat the charge would reduce by £0.2m,

13 Going concern

In assessing the Company's ability to continue on a going concem basis for a period of at least 12 months from the approval of these financial statements (the
“going concern period”), the Directors considered the Company's projected cash flows, cash liquidity and existing undrawn borrowing facilities.

‘As at 31 March 2022, the Company held considerable financial resources including cash balances of £6.2m. The Company also has access, throughout the
‘going concem period, toa revolving credit facility (“RCF”) of £20,0m, through other Group companies, providing further liquidity.

‘The Company prepared cash flow forecasts covering the going concem period. The base case assumes trading performance over the forecast period in line
with average revenue growth in recent years at similar margins, and additionally incorporates future cash flows related to payments due. The Directors
considered the principal risks and mitigants and analysed a range of cash flow downside scenarios including a “reverse-stress test” scenario. This models the
decline in sales that the Company would be able to absorb over the going concem period before utilising all of the existing cash reserves available. The
Directors consider this scenario and the sequence of events that could lead to it to be remote, as it requires significant annualised revenue reductions compared
to the base case, before modelling any mitigating actions, including cost reductions.

1g cognisant of the potential macroeconomic

‘The Directors’ have considered the Company's continued growth, and new business pipeline, while also rema
sider to be a material uncertainty for going concer purposes.

uncertainty resulting from recent events in Ukraine, which the Directors do not consider:

‘After careful consideration of these scenarios, the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company's existing resources are adequate to meet its
requirements over the going concem period. On this basis, the Directors consider that itis appropriate to adopt the going concem basis in preparing the financial
statements.

Page 12


===== page 15 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
. ‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Notes (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)
LA Foreigncurrency

‘Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the relevant entity's functional currency at the average foreign exchange rate in the month of the transaction.
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the balance sheet date are retranslated to the functional currency at the foreign exchange
rate ruling at that date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the average
‘exchange rate in the month of the transaction and are not retranslated. Foreign exchange differences arising on translation to functional currency are recognised
in administration expenses. .

1S Financial instruments

‘The Company uses financial instruments comprising cash and cash equivalents, preference shares, loan notes and other short-term instruments, such as trade
payables that arise from its operations. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to fund the Company's business strategy and working capital
requirements.

‘Accounting policies in respect of financial instruments are outlined below.

Financial assets

Financial assets are initially measured at fair value plus or minus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs. The
‘Company has not reclassified any financial assets subsequent to initial recognition as at the balance sheet date, Reclassification of classes of financial assets is
accounted for prospectively in accordance with IFRS 9, where this is required. Any difference on reclassification from amortised cost to fair value through profit
or loss is recognised in the profit and loss at the reclassification date.

Financial assets are assessed at each reporting date to determine a lifetime expected credit loss that reflects the credit risk associated with the portfolio of assets.
A financial asset is impaired in line with the simplified approach under IFRS 9 which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance,

‘An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured at amortised cost is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the present value
of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the asset's original effective interest rate, For financial instruments measured at cost less impairment, impairment
is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the best estimate of the amount that the Company would receive for the asset ifit were to be sold
at the reporting date. Interest on the impairment asset continues to be recognised through the unwinding of the discount. Impairment losses are recognised in
profit or loss. When a subsequent event causes the amount of the impairment to decrease, the decrease in impairment loss is reversed through statement of
‘comprehensive income.

Trade and other debtors

‘Trade and other debtors are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less provision for impairment. A provision for
impairment of trade debtors is established when there is objective evidence that the Company will not be able to collect all amounts due according to the original
terms of the receivables. The provision is recognised in the income statement as an operating charge.

‘The trade debtors’ balances recorded in the Company's statement of financial position comprise a relatively small number of large balances and are
held until realised in cash.

‘Alpha provides services to customers on credit terms with mainly arrears billing. Certain receivables may not be paid. The Company applies the IFRS 9
simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables. To measure expected credit
losses, trade debtors have been grouped based on shared credit characteristics and the days past due, The Company consider historical loss rates for each ageing
category as a starting point for estimating the expected credit loss. This historical loss rate is subsequently adjusted for macro-economic and customer specific
factors of receivables within each ageing category. Characteristics considered by the Company for these purposes include historical collection experience for
each customer, the assessed liquidity of key customers within the debtors balance, and other relevant macro-economic factors such as COVID-19 and Brexit in
‘order to determine a reasonable and supportable assessment of the expected lifetime credit risk in the context of the overall year-end trade receivables due.

Amounts owed by Group undertakings

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less provision for impairment, A
provision for impairment of intercompany receivables is established using an expected credit loss model. The Company classifies all intercompany receivables
‘that form a part of the normal trading cycle of the Company as current, as well as non-trading balances where the counterparty has sufficient resources to settle
the balance within a twelve month period from the balance sheet date. All other amounts owed by Group undertakings are considered as non-current assets.
Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and call deposits and are recorded and subsequently measured at amortised cost in line with IFRS 9.
Financial liabilities

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition as
at fair value through profit or loss. Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are acquired for the purpose of selling in the near terra, This
category includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Company that are not designated as hedging instruments in hedge relationships as defined
by IFRS 9. As at 31 March 2022, the Company had no such financial liabilities.

Other financial liabilities held by the Company are recognised at amortised cost.

Trade and other creditors

‘Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value and are subsequently measured at ainortised cost. Trade payables due within one year are not
discounted.

‘Amounts owed to Group undertakings

Amounts owed to Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost.

Investments in subsidiaries

Investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost less any provision for impairment. The Company monitor for indicetors of impairment at each reporting period,
and a full impairment assessment is performed on an annual basis.

‘The Directors have deemed that no impairment was required in both the current and prior years.
Interest-bearing borrowings

Iuterest-bearing borrowings are recognised initially at fair value less ‘attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, interest-bearing
‘borrowings are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less any impairment losses.

Page 13


===== page 16 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Notes (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

16 Tangible fixed assets

Al property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost (or deemed historical cost) less accumulated depreciation. Cost includes the original purchase price
of the asset and the costs attributable to bringing the asset to its working condition for its intended use.

Depreciation is provided on all property, plant and equipment at rates calculated to write each asset down (o its estimated residual value on a straight-line basis
at the following annual rates:

‘Computer equipment 3 years straight line
Fixtures, fittings and equipment 4 years straight line
Leasehold improvements 5 years straight line

Usefil economic lives and estimated residual values are reviewed annually and adjusted as appropriate.

17 Leases

‘The Company leases office premises in various jurisdictions. Leases are negotiated on an individual basis, and for a variety of terms over which rentals are fixed
‘with break clauses and options to extend for a further period at the then prevailing market rate. Rental agreements to which IFRS 16 hes been applied, span
anywhere from 13 months to 10 years. Contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components. Non-lease components are separately identifiable and excluded
from the lease for the purpose of IFRS 16 implementation,

‘The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used
as security for borrowing purposes.

‘Alongside the rental leases associated with the office spaces, Alpha also holds leases over associated car parking facilities and leases associated with office
equipment. These form the population of leases subject to IFRS 16 accounting.

Measurement of lease liabilities

On | recognition of a new lease, the lease liability is recognised as the present value of future payments, discounted using the incremental borrowing rate
CIR"), unless the interest rate implicit tothe lease is available for use.

Lease payments to be made subsequent to optional termination options have been included within the lease liability measurement, where iis reasonably certain
that such options will not be exercised, Similarly, lease payments relating to extension options are only included wherein reasonable certainty has been achieved
that these options will be exercised.

Lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the ease. If that rate cannot be easily determined, the IBR is applied, being the rate thatthe
individual lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value tothe right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment
with similar terms, security and conditions.

‘The Company accounts for lease payments by allocating them to a finance cost element and against the Icase liability. The finance costis charged to profit or
oss over the lease period.

‘When the Company revises its estimate of the term of any lease (for example, if the probability of a lessee extension or termination option being exercised is re-
assessed), the Company adjusts the carrying amount of the lease liability to reflect the payments to make over the revised term, which are discounted using a
revised discount rate. In such cases, an equivalent adjustment is made to the carrying value of the right-of-use asset, with the revised carrying amount being
amortised over the remaining (revised) lease term. Ifthe carrying amount of the right-of-use asset is adjusted to zero, any further reduction is recognised in profit
or loss.

‘The Company has no material exposure to variable lease payments that qualify for accounting treatment under IFRS 16.

‘Measurement of right-of-use assets

‘The right-of-use asset for lease agreements entered into after transition date is measured on initial recognition as the amount equal to the lease liability on initial
measurement, less any Tease incentives, plus any initial direct costs. Right-of-use assets are depreciated over the shorter of the asset's useful life and the lease
term on a straight-line basis.

‘The Company has used the practical expedients permitted by IFRS 16 in relation to accounting for leases with remaining lease term of less than 12 months as
“short-term leases”, and those with a low value as “low-value leases”. Consequently, no lease liability or right-of-use asset was calculated thereon. These leases
are expensed in the statement of profit and loss. The Company also applies the practical expedient to combine leases with similar characteristics to a portfolio
of leases for the purpose of applying the requirements of IFRS 16.

18 Impairment (non-financialassets)
‘The carrying amounts of the entity’s non-financial assets, other than deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether there is any
indication of impairment. Ifany such indication exists, then the assets’ recoverable amount is estimated. The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating
unit isthe greater ofits value in use and its fair value, les costs to sell. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present
value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific tothe asset.

For the purposes of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates
independent cash inflows (the “cash-gencrating unit”); that is, cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets
or groups of assets.

‘An impairment loss is recognised ifthe canying amount of an asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable amount. Impairment losses are recognised in
profit or loss. Impairment losses are allocated between the carrying amounts of other assets inthe unt (or group of units) on a pro-rata basis as a reduction in
the value ofthe asset.

‘An impairment loss is reversed if and only if the reasons for the impairment have ceased to apply.

Impairment losses recognised in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indication thatthe loss has decreased or no longer exists. An impairment
Joss is only reversed to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or
amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

Rightof-use assets relating to the Company's leasing activities are recognised on the balance sheet at an amount equal to the lease
‘measurement, less any lease incentives, plus any initial direct costs. Right-of-use assets are depreciated over the shorter of the asset's useful {it
term on a straight-line basis. For further information refer to the “Leases” section above and note 9. :

Page 14


===== page 17 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Notes (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)
19 Employee benefits
Defined contribution plans

‘A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which the Company pays fixed contributions into a separate entity and will have a legal or
constructive obligation to pay further amounts. Contributions to defined contribution schemes are charged to the statement of comprehensive income as they
become payable in accordance with the rules of the scheme, Differences between contributions payable in the year and contributions paid are shown as either
accruals or pre-payments in the statement of financial position, ~

Share-based payments

‘The cost of share-based employee compensation arrangements, whereby employees receive remuneration in the form of shares or share options, is recognised
as an employee benefit expense in the statement of profit or loss.

The total expense to be apportioned over the vesting period of the benefit is determined by reference to the fair value (excluding the effect of non-market-based
vesting conditions) atthe date of grant.

In determining the fair value of share-based payments under IFRS 2, management has considered a number of internal and extemal factors in order to judge the
probability that management and employee share incentives may vest. Such judgements involve estimating future performance and other non market-based
factors.

‘At the end of each reporting period the assumptions underlying the number of awards expected to vest are adjusted for the effects of non-market-based vesting
conditions to reflect the conditions prevailing at that date. The impact of any revisions to the original estimates is recognised in the statement of profit or loss,
with a corresponding adjustment to equity. Fair value is measured by the use of a binomial model. The assumptions have been adjusted, based on management's
best estimate, for the effects of non-transferability, lack of dividend until vesting and exercise restrictions.

‘The fair value calculations have been externally assessed as reasonable in the circumstances.

Regarding the share-based payments charge relating to employees of the Company, there is an intra-group recharge arrangement with the Company's ultimate
parent undertaking, to reflect the benefits received by the respective entity in relation to employees granted share options. The Company is considered to be the
receiving entity in the arrangement, in line with the benefit received for services provided through ongoing employment. The Companys ultimate parent
undertaking is deemed to be the settling entity in the intra-Group arrangement, as share options granted are in relation to ordinary shares of the parent, and
recognises the share-based payments charge for the full Group in other reserves.

Amounts relating to employees who provide services directly to the Company are recorded within the profit and loss account in the form of a management
recharge.

‘The Company's management and employees have access to an equity settled share-based payment arrangement for new employees which forms a part of the
wider schemes offered across the Group, which are settled in Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple shares. The Company has two distinct schemes, the
"Management Incentive Plan' (MIP) and the Employee Incentive Plan’ (EIP). These are described below.

The Management Incentive Plan (“MIP”)
‘The Company has a management incentive plan (“MIP”) to retain and incentivise the directors and senior management. The MIP consists of four parts: part A
of which will enable the granting of enterprise management incentive and non-tax advantaged options to acquire shares; part B of which will enable the
awarding of JSOPs; part C of which will enable the awarding of restricted stock units (“RSU”) for participants in the US; and Part D of which will enable the
awarding of RSUs in France (together the “options”.

Options granted up to FY 20 o certain directors and senior management ofthe Group were subject to the fulfilment oftwo or mor of the following performance
specific business unit's budgetary EBITDA, or other personal targets and goals; (b) the Group achieving a total shareholder return for the 3
years from the year of award in excess of the average total shareholder return of a peer group of comparable companies; and (c) the Group achieving at least
10% EPS growth against the comparative financial year.

‘As disclosed last year, responding to the impact of COVID-19, options granted to senior management in FY 21 were subject to more flexible performance
criteria, including local budget targets and a variety of stretching personal sales or other targets. FY 21 awards made to Executive Directors, asin prior years,
‘were also subject to the Group achieving a total sharcholder return (“TSR”) in excess of the average total shareholder retum of a peer group of comparable
‘companies, for a period of 3 years from the year of grant.

‘This year, the Group Remuneration Committee has returned to a more standard approach in setting the FY 22 award criteria. The criteria for FY 22 share
incentive awards to the Executive Directors and senior management of the Company, depending on the individual and their role, include: (a) the Group
achieving adjusted EPS growth of 15% or more to trigger a maximum award, or 10% to trigger a 66% award, with a linear application of awards between these
levels; (b) the Group achieving a TSR over three years in excess of the mean TSR delivered by a peer group of comparable companies; (c) personal adherence
to corporate values and risk policy; and (4) specific business unit EBITDA, or other personal targets and goals.

MIP awards have either nominal or minimal exercise price payable in order to acquire shares pursuant to options. MIP awards have either 3- or 4-year vesting
periods from the date of grant and can be equity settled only.

The Employee Incentive Plan (“EIP”)
Under the BIP, a broad base of the Group's employees have been granted share options or share awards o

"Markets Consulting Ple shares. The EIP has been structured as is most appropriate under the local tax, legal and regulatory rules.

Further disclosure of these schemes is provided within the Group's consolidated 2021 Annual Report & Accounts, and the share-based payment arrangement
‘concems equity instruments of the Company/s ultimate parent company, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, and therefore the Directors have applied
disclosure exemptions for the subsidiary accounts as permitted under FRS 101.

Page 15


===== page 18 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Notes (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

1.10 Provisions

Provisions are distinct from other liabilities as there is uncertainty over the timing or amount of the cash outflow required to settle the lability. Provisions are
measured at the present value of the expenditure expected to be required to settle the obligation. These are discounted to present value using an appropriate
pre-tax discount rate, where the time value of money is material.

Lu Revenuerecognition

Recognition of revenue and client billing

Revenue consists of the value of work executed for clients during the year and expenses recharged, exclusive of VAT. Revenue is classified into net fee income
and recharged expenses. Net fee income represents the Company's personnel, subcontractor and related expertise and services sold to clients. Recharged
expenses is the recharge of costs incidental to fulfilling contracts including flights, subsistence and accommodation on which nil or negligible margin is earned
by the Company.

‘The Company delivers services that have no altemative use to Alpha (advice to clients, reports, etc) as the services are specifically tailored to clients’ projects
and scope of work. The significant majority of Alphas revenue is contracted on a time and materials basis, where the performance obligation is to provide
consultancy resources at agreed day rates. In such contracts, revenue is recognised over time, as the number of consultant days worked are delivered.
‘Modifications or extensions to such projects are recognised as services are delivered. Significant extensions, where the scope or price of the contract increases,
are treated as separate contracts. Contracts accounted for on a time and materials basis are billed incrementally, typically monthly, for incurred time and
materials.

Revenue recognition for fixed fee projects is based on the satisfaction of performance obligations in line with contractual project milestones, depending on the
nature of the performance obligations for the project. Material scope changes are managed via a new agreement with the client. Fixed fee projects are typically
billed in accordance with the nature of the performance obligations when a right to payment crystallises.

For these fixed fee milestone projects, revenue is recognised at a point in time upon delivery of each performance obligation and these projects are typically
billed as contractual milestones are delivered and the right to payment exists.

Revenue is wholly attributable to the principal activities of the Company. For all revenue types, payment is typically due between 30 and 60 days after the
invoice date or receipt of invoice, depending on the client and geography.

Recognition of contract receivables

Activity performance recognised as revenue in excess of invoices raised are contract receivables and are included within accrued income, up tothe value of the
relevant project delivery milestone, where applicable. On invoicing, the contract receivable is reclassified to trade receivables.

Recognition of contract liabilities

Where amounts have been invoiced in excess of work performed and recognised, the excess is a contract liability and is included within deferred income and
valued inline with the nature of the project and related performance obligations as described above and recognised in future periods.

LI2 Cost of sates

Cost of sales is defined by management as the direct costs associated with the generation ofthe Company's revenue, including staff payroll and
contractor costs, subsistence and travel that are directly attributable to the delivery of services and supporting growth,

Capitalised contract fulfilment costs

Costs directly attributable to the fulfilment of unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied performance obligations on customer contracts are recognised as an asset where
these costs generate or enhance resources of the Group and the costs are expected to be recovered. These costs principally relate to partially completed milestones
on fixed-fee contracts These costs are recognised in the consolidated income statement at the point of revenue recognition for fixed-fee milestone projects.

13 Expenses
Interest receivable and interest payable

Interest payable and similar expenses include interest payable, unwinding of the discount on provisions, and discount unwinding associated with leases within the
scope of IFRS 16. Other interest receivable and similar income include interest receivable on funds invested and net foreign exchange gains.

Interest income and interest payable on bank loans or amounts due to certain Group undertakings is recognised in profit or loss as it accrues, using the effective
interest method.

Dividends payable

Dividends payable are recognised in the statement of changes in equity on the date the entity's obligation to pay the dividend is established,

114 Taxation
‘Taxation expense on the result for the period comprises current and deferred tax. Current and deferred tax is recognised in the profit & loss account, except to the
extent that it relates to items recognised directly in equity, in which case itis recognised in equity.
‘Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income for the period, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet
date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous periods.
Deferred tax is provided using the balance sheet liability method, providing for temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for
financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. The amount of deferred tax provided is based on the expected manner of realisation or
settlement of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted atthe balance sheet date,

Page 16


===== page 19 =====
G5 New accounting standards and interpretations

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Notes (continued)

Accounting policies (continued)

Lid Taxation (continued)
‘The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable
profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to
set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities, and when they relate to taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the Company intends to settle its
current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

‘The following changes in accounting policies were applied by the Company in these financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022. These included the
adoption of new standards and interpretations described below.

“The International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) have issued the following standards and interpretations
which are now effective:

‘* Interest Rate Benchmark Reform — Phase 2 - (Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16), effective from 1 January 2021;
© COVID-19-Retated Rent Co beyond 30 June 2021 (Amendment to IFRS 16) effective from 1 January 2021;

‘The Directors reviewed the nature and effect of these new standards on the Company and noted no material impact on the financial statements for the year ended
31 March 2022,

‘The Directors have considered new standards and interpretations that have been issued but not yet been effective, however have applied the exemption not to
disclose this information under FRS 101.

2 Revenue
FY22 FY 21
£000 £000

Rendering of services 61,393 48,431

Rechargeable expenses ts) 51
61,462 48,482
FY 22 FY 21
£000 £000

By activity

Management consulting 61,462 48,482

3 Auditor’s remuneration
FY 22 Fy2i
£000 £000

Audit of these financial statements 87 B

Amounts receivable by the Company's auditor and its associates in respect of services to the Company and its associates, other than the audit of the Company's
financial statements, have not been disclosed as the information is required instead to be disclosed on a consolidated basis in the consolidated financial
statements of the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc.

4 Staff numbers and costs
“The average number of persons employed by the Compariy (incliditig Directors) during tie Year, anilysed by category, was as follows:
Number of employees
FY22 FY 21
Administrative 8 8
Sales 174. 159
Average employees in the year 182 167



===== page 20 =====
Notes (continued)
4 Staff numbers and costs (continued)
Wages and salaries

Social security costs
Contributions to defined contribution plans

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited

Annual report and financial statements.

31 March 2022
FY22 FY21
£000 £000
25,518 20,786
2,465 1,944
705 a7
28,688 23377

‘At the year end, 4,579,945 (FY 21: 3,481,647) share options over the equity in Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Pl, the parent company, remained
outstanding to the Company's management and employers. The weighted average remaining contractual period to vest for outstanding share options is 2 years.
All share options outstanding atthe year end date have a nominal exercise price. During the year 70,893 share options vested (FY 21: 1,218,750), all of which
‘remain unexercised at the year end, In addition, 312,500 share options were exercised in the year relating to awards that vested in the comparative period. The
Company has incurred a charge to the profit & loss account in FY 22 of £2,881,364 (FY 21: £1,473,615) relating to these schemes under IFRS 2 for employees

and management that provide direct services to the Company.

5 Directors’ remuneration

Directors’ remuneration ?
Gain on share option exercises
‘Company contributions to money purchase pension plan

FY 22 FY 21
£000 £000
566 3210

- 3,126

- 149

‘The prior year amounts have been re-presented to demonstrate the split between the Directors’ remuneration and those amounts in relation to Company
contributions to the money purchase pension plan, During the year ended 31 March 2022, no directors providing material qualifying services exercised any

share options (FY 21: 625,000)?

Benefits are accruing to the following number of Directors under:
‘Money purchase schemes (retirements)
Long term share incentive plan

Number of Directors
FY 22 FY 21
- 17
1 16

‘The aggregate of remuneration and amounts receivable under Company long term incentive schemes of the highest paid director was £566,000 (FY 21:

£1,227,000), none of which relates to gains made on the exercise of share options (FY 21: £791,000).

‘Amounts paid or payable to the Company's Directors through the Company's parent undertakings have been excluded from the above disclosure and included
within the disclosures of other Group companies, on the basis that their services are predominantly provided to other Group companies.

6 Other interest payable and similar expense

Interest payable
Interest expense on lease liabilities

Total interest payable

FY22 FY 21
£000 £000
- 119
34 4
34 163

3 For FY 22, the methodology for determining directors remuneration forthe year has been modified to include the bonus eccrued in respect of FY 22, instead of the bonus thet was paid during,

the year. Director’ remuneration for FY 21 includes the bonus that was paid during the year and has not been restated.

Page 18


===== page 21 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
Notes (continued)
1 Taxation
Recognised in the profit and loss account
FY 22 FY 21
£000 £000 £000 £000
Current tax
___Current tax on income for the period ee 373 | ee
~~ Payment for group relief . 487
Adjustments in respect of prior periods 99
Total current tax 3,329 2,027
Deferred tax (see note 14)
Origination and reversal of timing differences 13 (25)
Effect of tax rate change on opening balances 6 -
‘Adjustments in respect of prior periods 4 (2)
23 6)
Total tax expense for the year 3,352 1,990

Reconciliation of effective tax rate

FY22 FY 21
£000 £000
Profit for the year 10,778 10,445
Total tax expense 3,352 1,990
Profit exchuding taxation 14,130 © 12,435
‘Tax using the UK. corporation tax rate of 19% 2,685 2363
Reduction in tax rate on deferred tax balances 9 -
Non-deductible expenses sl 256
Fixed asset differences (16) @
Group relief claimed (487) (598)
Payment for group relief 487 189
Under / (over) provided in prior years 103 (216)
Total tax expense for the year 3,352 1,990

‘An increase in the UK corporation tax rate from 19% to 25% (effective 1 April 2023) was substantively enacted during the year on 24 May 2021. Once
effective, this change would increase the Company's future current tax charge accordingly.

On 23 September 2022, the UK Government announced revised plans to hold the rate of UK corporation tax at 19%, cancelling the previous plans to increase
the rate to 25% from 1 April 2023. This revised plan has not yet been substantively enacted and has no impact on the current or deferred tax charge in the
year ended 31 March 2022,

Page 19.


===== page 22 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
Notes (continued)
8 Tangible fixed assets
Fixtures,
Leasehold © Computer _ fittings and
improvements equipment equipment Total
£000 £000 £000 £000
Cost
Balance at 1 April 2021 230 744 129 1,103
Additions - 207 - 207
Disposals (28) 26) - (54)
202 925 129 1,256
Depreciation and impairment
Balance at 1 April 2021 (214) (624) (118) (956)
Depreciation charge for the year @) (99) ® (109)
Disposals 14 20 - 34
(202) (703) (126) 2,031)
Net book value
At31 March 2022 - 222 3 225
At April 2021 16 120 u 147
9 Leases
(Amounts recognised in the statement of financial position
‘The balance sheet shows the following amounts relating to leases:
+ Equipment
Right-of-use assets Buildings under lease Total
£000 £000 £000
Cost
At 1 April 2021 1,195 n 1,206
Additions - 6 6
Disposals and other movements - - -
At31 March 2022 1,195, 17 1,212
Depreciation
At | April 2021 (458) (2) (467)
Charge for the period (229) ©) (234)
Disposals - - -
At 31 March 2022 (687) (a4) (701)
Net book value at 31 March 2022 508 3 sul

Page 20


===== page 23 =====
Notes (continued)

9 Leases (continued)
‘Asummary of the Company's lease liabilities as at 31 March 2022 is presented below:

Lease liabilities

Due within 1 year

Due between i and 5 years
Due after 5 years

Total lease liabilities - undiscounted
Impact of discounting

Total lease liabi

ies - discounted

(i) Amounts recognised in the Income statement
‘The income statement shows the following amounts relating to leases:

Depreciation of right-of-use asset
Short-term lease expense
Low-value lease expense
Variable service charges

Included in administration expenses

Interest expense on lease liabilities

Included in finance expenses

‘Total rental payments made in the year on all lease tenors amounted to £0.3m (FY 21: £0.3m).

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
FY 22 FY 21
£000 £000
263 . 263
318 578
581 841
es) @)
546 772
FY 22 FY 21
£000 £000
(234) (233)
(59) (80)
(293) (313)
G4) ; a)
4) (44)

Variable service charge costs associated with the Company's property leases representing potential future outflows relating to the lease arrangements are not included within the

IFRS 16 lease liability. These currently amount to £0.1m (FY 21: £0.1m) per annum and are expensed as i

‘The Company has given consideration to any extension options and early termination options with reasonable certainty atthe date of signing these financial statements, and these

have been reflected within the lease liability where appropriate.

‘The Company had no income associated with sub-leasing arrangements, or gains/losses associated with sale-and-leaseback transactions in the year ended 31 March 2022.

10 Debtors

Trade debtors

Amounts owed by Group undertakings
Other debtors

Capitalised contract fulfilment costs
Prepayments and accrued income

Total amounts due within 1 year

‘Trade debtors are stated after provisions for impairment and expected credit losses of £161,000 (FY 21: £59,000)

FY22 FY 21
£000 £000
TAIT 7923
23,185 38,055
23 3
389 -
onl 532
31,685 46513

‘The Directors are satisfied that all outstanding amounts from subsidiary group undertakings are recoverable. Expected credit losses in relation to amounts owed by Group undertakings

‘Were immaterial in both the current and prior year.

Contract receivables are recognised in accrued income and relate to satisfied performance obligations recognised and not invoiced at the year end, All such contract receivables are
expected to be realised within one year and are classified within current assets. Contract receivables are recorded on a time spent basis and as performance obligations are-met on
agreed fees and day rates, billed in arrears. These are typically short-term timing differences which are administrative in nature at each year end date, Contract receivable payments are
ddve on standard terms once the invoices are raised. The contract receivables movement in the year represents these timing differences across contracts at each year end.

Page 21


===== page 24 =====
Notes (continued)

10 Debtors (continued)

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited

‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

‘Amounts owed by Group undertakings are interest free and are repayable on demand, The Company classifies all intercompany receivables that form a part ofthe normal trading
cycle of the Company as current, as well as non-trading balances where the counterparty has sufficient resources to settle the balance within a twelve month period from the balance
sheet date. All other amounts owed by Group undertakings are considered as non-current assets. Of a total of £26,347,000 (FY 21: £41,040,000) of amounts owed by Group
undertakings, the Company recognised £3,162,000 (FY 21: £2,985,000) within non-current assets and £23,185,000 (FY 21: £38,055,000) within current assets.

u Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents
Closing balance

2 Creditors: amounts falling due within one year
Trade creditors

Amounts owed to Group undertakings
Taxation and social security

Social security tax on share options
Accruals and deferred income

Total amounts owed within 1 year

FY 22 FY21
£000 £000
6,204 5,902
6,204 5,902
FY 22 FY21
£000 £000
1,565 763
20,673 26,941
2,105 1,617
608 2
7,560 6873
32,511 36216

Amounts owed to Group undertakings are either interest-bearing or non-interest-bearing depending on the type of the creditor relationship and local regulatory requirements. At the
balance sheet date the majority of these balances are non-interest-bearing. All amounts owed to Group undertakings are repayable on demand.

‘The accruals balance has grown in the year reflecting the overall growth of the Company and higher balances for the employce profit share bonuses and director bonuses, reflecting

the enlarged team headcount and strong performance. These are accrued through the year and paid after the year end.

Deferred income recognises contract liabilities arising from the Company's revenue generating activities relating to payments received in advance of performance delivered under a
contract. These contract liabilities typically arise on short-term timing differences between performance obligations in some milestone or fixed fee contracts and their respective
contracted payment schedules. The contract lability movement inthe year represents these timing differences across contracts at each year end, The following table sets out the revenue
recognised in the current year that relates to carry forward contract liabilities and the liabilities recognised in the current year which have been deferred to the next reporting period.
All current deferred income is expected to be recognised through revenue within one year.

Contract liabilities relating to contracts with customers at start of period

Increase in contract liabilities in the period
Contract liabilities released

Balance at the end of the year

FY22

FY 21
£000 £000
152 94
68 152
(152) (94)
68 152

‘There are no material unperformed performance obligations relating to contracts in excess of one year at 31 March 2022 (FY 21: nil).

Page 22


===== page 25 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
Notes (continued)
13 Other non-current liabilities
FY 22 FY 21
£000 £000
Accruals 1,314 -
Social security tax on share options 819 545
2,133 * 545
Amounts classified as non-current liabilities in both the current and prior year relate to social security tax due on the Group's share option schemes.
14 Deferred tax assets and liabilities
Recognised deferred tax assets and liabilities
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are attributable to the following:
Assets Liabilities Net
FY 22 FY 21 FY 22 FY 21 FY 22 FY 21
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Accelerated capital allowances - - 51 24 51 24
Other (1s) (10) - - (a5) (10)
Net deferred tax (assets) / liabilities (15) (10) 51 24 36 14

‘The Company has no unrecognised tax losses in at

nto the deferred tax assets above (FY 21: Enil).

‘An increase in the UK corporation tax rate from 19% to 25% (effective 1 April 2023) was substantively enacted during the year on 24 May 2021. This rate has been
reflected in the calculation of deferred tax assets and liabilities as at 31 March 2022.

On 23 September 2022, the UK Government announced revised plans to hold the rate of UK corporation tax at 19%, cancelling the previous plans to increase the

rate to 25% from 1 April 2023. This revised plan has not yet been substantively enacted and has no impact on the current or deferred tax charge in the year ended 31
March 2022.

15 Capital and reserves
Share capital

FY 22 FY 21
£000 £000

Allotied, called up and fully paid

275,000 ordinary shares of £1 each 275 205

Balance at the end of the year 275 275

‘The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the Company.
Dividends
During the year, an ordinary dividend payment totalling £23,000,000 was made to the Company's sole shareholder Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited (FY 21:

£10,000,000), to facilitate the payment of the Group dividend made by the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, to its shareholders. The Directors
have not recommended the payment of a final dividend (FY 21: £nil).

16 Related parties
Identity of related parties with which the Company has transacted

‘The Company has not engaged in any transactions with any related parties other than with wholly owned subsidiaries. These transactions have not been disclosed as the Company
+has taken advantage of exemptions under FRS 101.

Ww Ultimate parent company

‘The Company is a subsidiary undertaking of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, incorporated in England and Wales. The ultimate controlling party is Alpha Financial Markets
Consulting Plo.

Both the largest and smallest Group in which the results of the Company are consolidated is that headed by Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, incorporated in England and
Wales. The consolidated financial statements of the Group are available to the public and may be obtained from 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB, or the website
investors.alphafine.com.

Page 23
