

===== page 1 =====
we MRO1eer

Companies House

Registration of a Charge

Company name: ALPHA FINANCIAL MARKETS CONSULTING GROUP LIMITED

Company number: 07160664
X5303880

Received for Electronic Filing: 18/03/2016

Details of Charge

Date of creation: 09/03/2016
Charge code: 0716 0664 0006

Persons entitled: _BEECHBROOK MEZZANINE II JERSEY LIMITED (AS MEZZANINE
SECURITY AGENT)

Brief description:
Contains fixed charge(s).

Contains negative pledge.

Authentication of Form

This form was authorised by: a person with an interest in the registration of the charge.

Authentication of Instrument

Certification statement: I CERTIFY THAT SAVE FOR MATERIAL REDACTED PURSUANT
TO S.859G OF THE COMPANIES ACT 2006 THE ELECTRONIC
COPY INSTRUMENT DELIVERED AS PART OF THIS APPLICATION
FOR REGISTRATION IS A CORRECT COPY OF THE ORIGINAL
INSTRUMENT.

Electronically filed document for Company Number: 07160664 Page 1


===== page 2 =====
Certified by: PINSENT MASONS LLP

Electronically filed document for Company Number: 07160664 Page 2


===== page 3 =====
6 $3
NE Sha \
Asa
<
amet F OND

CERTIFICATE OF THE
REGISTRATION OF A CHARGE

rol

Company number: 7160664

Charge code: 0716 0664 0006

The Registrar of Companies for England and Wales hereby certifies
that a charge dated 9th March 2016 and created by ALPHA FINANCIAL
MARKETS CONSULTING GROUP LIMITED was delivered pursuant to
Chapter A1 Part 25 of the Companies Act 2006 on 18th March 2016 .

Given at Companies House, Cardiff on 21st March 2016

The above information was communicated by electronic means and authenticated
by the Registrar of Companies under section 1115 of the Companies Act 2006

sore,
ey,

ae
“Ve
“any xe

‘THE OFFICIAL SEAL OF THE

Companies House ebaTwAn oF Con RNES



===== page 4 =====
EXECUTION COPY
STOCK PLEDGE AGREEMENT

THIS STOCK PLEDGE AGREEMENT (as amended, novated, supplemented and/or
restated from time to time, this “Agreement’), dated as of March 4, 2016, is by and between
ALPHA FINANCIAL MARKETS CONSULTING GROUP LIMITED, a company
organized under the laws of England and Wales with registration number 07160664 (the
“Pledgor”), and BEECHBROOK MEZZANINE II JERSEY LIMITED, in its capacity as
security agent (in such capacity, the “Mezzanine Security Agent”) for the Mezzanine Secured
Parties (as defined below). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have
the meanings given to such terms in the Mezzanine Facilities Agreement (as defined below).

RECITALS:

A. Pursuant to that certain Mezzanine Facility Agreement dated February 3, 2016, by
and among (1) Caelius Midco 2 Limited (“Parent”), (2) Caclius Bidco Limited as Original
Borrower (together with any Additional Borrower from time to time a party thereto, collectively,
“Borrowers”), (3) the companies listed in part 1 of schedule 1 thereto as Original Guarantors
(together with Parent, Pledgor, and any Additional Guarantor from time to time a party thereto,
collectively, the “Guarantors,” and together with the Borrowers, collectively, the “Obligors”),
(4) Beechbrook Capital LLP as Mandated Lead Arranger (“Lead Arranger”), (5) the financial
institution listed in part 2 of schedule 1 to it as Original Lender (“Original Mezzanine Lender"),
(6) Beechbrook Capital LLP as Agent (“Mezzanine Agent”) and (7) the Mezzanine Security
Agent (as amended, novated, supplemented, and/or restated from time to time the “Mezzanine
Facilities Agreement”), the Original Lender agreed to make certain facilities available to the
Borrowers.

B. The Pledgor legally and beneficially owns all of the issued and outstanding
Capital Stock of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting, Inc. a New York corporation (the
“Issuer’), as described on Exhibit A attached hereto.

Cc To induce the Mezzanine Security Agent and the Mezzanine Secured Parties to
enter into and make the Loans under the Mezzanine Facilities Agreement or provide other
extensions of credit and in order to secure the payment and performance by the Obligors of the
Secured Obligations, the Pledgor desires to enter into this Agreement.

D. Pursuant to that certain Senior Term and Revolving Senior Facilities Agreement
dated February 3, 2016, by and among (1) Parent, (2) Original Borrower, (3) Original
Guarantors, (4) Lloyds Bank ple as Arranger ("Senior Arranger"), (5) the financial institution
listed in part 2 of schedule 1 to it as Original Lender (“Original Senior Lender"), (6) Lloyds
Bank ple as Original Hedge Counterparty (“Hedge Counterparty”), (7) Lloyds Bank ple as Agent
(Senior Agent”) and (8) Lloyds Bank plc as Senior Security Agent ("Senior Security Agent’) (as
amended, novated, supplemented, and/or restated from time to time the “Senior Facilities
Agreement”), the Original Senior Lender agreed to make certain facilities available to the
Borrowers.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing Recitals, and for other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties

6084400724



===== page 5 =====
hereto agree as follows:

Section 1. Defined Terms. Unless otherwise defined herein, all capitalized terms used
herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed thereto in the Mezzanine Facilities
Agreement.

“Agreement” is defined in the introductory Preamble.

Applicable Law” means any applicable Federal, state, foreign or local law, ordinance,
order, regulation, decree, rule or requirement of any governmental agency, instrumentality,
board, commission, bureau or other authority having jurisdiction.

“Borrowers” is defined in the Recitals.

“Capital Stock” means shares of capital stock (whether denominated as common stock or
preferred stock), beneficial, partnership or membership interests or other equivalents (regardless
of how described) of or in a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or equivalent
entity, whether voting or non-voting, and all securities convertible or exchangeable into any of
the foregoing and all warrants, options or other rights to purchase or subscribe for any of the
foregoing, whether or not presently convertible, exchangeable or exercisable.

“Declared Default" means an Event of Default in respect of which any notice has been
issued or rights exercised by the Mezzanine Agent under clause 23.18 (Acceleration) of the
Mezzanine Facilities Agreement.

“Guarantors” is defined in the Recitals.

“Governmental Authority(ies)” means any international, Federal, state, interstate,
provincial, focal, foreign court or governmental agency, authority, instrumentality, agency,
bureau, board, commission, department or regulatory body.

“Hedge Counterparty” is defined in the Recitals.
“Indemnified Liabilities” is defined in Section 9(c).
“Indemnified Person” is defined in Section 9{c).

“Intercreditor Agreement” means that certain Intercreditor Agreement dated February 3,
2016, made between, among others, the Parent, the Company, the Debtors, as defined therein,
the Senior Security Agent, the Senior Agent, the Senior Arranger, the Hedge Counterparty, the
Mezzanine Agent, the Original Mezzanine Lender, the Mezzanine Security Agent, the
Mezzanine Arranger, and the Intra-Group Lenders, as defined therein, as amended, novated,
supplemented and/or restated from time to time.

“Issuer” is defined in the Recitals.

“Lien” means any “Security” or “Quasi-Security” as such terms are defined in the
Mezzanine Facilities Agreement.

608440072.4 2-



===== page 6 =====
“Loan” has the meaning given to that term in the Mezzanine Facilities Agreement.
“Mezzanine Agent” is defined in the Recitals.
“Mezzanine Facilities Agreement” is defined in the Recitals.

“Mezzanine Finance Document” means a “Finance Document” as that term is defined in
the Mezzanine Facilities Agreement.

“Mezzanine Finance Party” has the meaning given to the term “Finance Party” in the
Mezzanine Facilities Agreement.

"Mezzanine Lender" means a "Lender" as that term is defined in the Mezzanine Facilities
Agreement.

“Mezzanine Secured Parties” has the meaning given to that term in the Intercreditor
Agreement.

“Mezzanine Security Agent” is defined in the introductory Preamble.

“Mezzanine Security Agreement” means that certain security agreement, dated as of the
date hereof, executed by Issuer in favor of the Mezzanine Security Agent.

“Obligors” is defined in the Recitals.

“Parent” is defined in the Recitals.

“Person” means any natural person, corporation, business trust, limited liability
company, joint venture, association, company, partnership or government, or any agency or
political subdivision thereof.

“Pledged Collateral” is defined in Section 2.

“Pledged Shares” is defined in Section 2.

“Pledgor” is defined in the introductory Preamble.

“Secured Obligations” means all present and future obligations and liabilities (whether
actual or contingent and whether owed jointly or severally or alone or in any other capacity
whatsoever) of cach member of the Group to the Mezzanine Security Agent and/or the other
Mezzanine Secured Parties (or any of them) under or pursuant to any Mezzanine Finance
Document (including all monies covenanted to be paid under this Agreement).

“Securities Act’ means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

“Senior Agent” is defined in the Recitals,

“Senior Discharge Date” has the meaning given to that term in the Interereditor
Agreement.

608440072.4 -3-



===== page 7 =====
“Senior Facilities Agreement’ is defined in the Recitals.

“Senior Finance Document” means a “Finance Document” as that term is defined in the
Senior Facilities Agreement.

“Senior Pledge Agreement” means that certain stock pledge agreement, dated as of the
date hereof, executed by Issuer in favor of the Senior Security Agent.

“Senior Security Agent” is defined in the Recitals.

Special Damages” is defined in Section 20.

“UCC” means the Uniform Commercial Code from time to time in effect in the State of
New York and the State of Delaware, provided that if, by reason of mandatory provisions of law,
the validity or perfection of the Mezzanine Security Agent’s security interest in the Pledged
Collateral or any part thereof is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code or other similar law
as in effect in a jurisdiction other than New York or Delaware, as applicable, the term “UCC”
shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code or such similar law as in effect in such other
jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such validity or perfection.

Terms defined in the UCC, which are not otherwise defined in this Agreement or in the
Mezzanine Facilities Agreement ate used in this Agreement as defined in the UCC as in effect on
the date hereof.

If there is any conflict or inconsistency between any provision of this Agreement and the
Intercreditor Agreement, the provision of the Intercreditor Agreement shall prevail.

Section 2. Pledge. Subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Pledgor hereby pledges,
assigns, hypothecates, delivers and grants to the Mezzanine Security Agent a lien on, and
security interest in and to, (a) all of the Capital Stock of the Issuer now owned or hereafter
acquired by the Pledgor (collectively, the “Pledged Shares”), (b) all other property hereafter
delivered to, or in the possession or in the custody of, the Mezzanine Security Agent in
substitution for or in addition to the Pledged Shares, (c) any other property of the Pledgor,
described in Section 4 below and now or hereafter delivered to, or in the possession or custody of
the Pledgor, and (d) all proceeds of the collateral described in the preceding clauses (a), (b) and
(c) (the collateral described in clauses (a) through (d) of this Section 2 being collectively referred
to as the “Pledged Collateral”), as collateral security for the prompt and complete payment when
due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) of all the Secured Obligations.

Except as otherwise expressly provided herein and subject to the Senior Pledge
Agreement, and except to the extent previously so delivered, all of the Pledged Shares now
owned by the Pledgor which are presently represented by stock certificates are listed on Exhibit
A hereto, which stock certificates, with undated stock powers substantially in the form of Exhibit
B hereto duly executed in blank by the Pledgor and irrevocable proxies, after the Senior
Discharge Date, shall be delivered to the Mezzanine Security Agent. The Pledgor shall notify
the Mezzanine Security Agent upon its acquisition of any Capital Stock not listed on Exhibit A.
After the Senior Discharge Date, the Mezzanine Security Agent shall maintain possession and
custody of the certificates representing the Pledged Shares and any additional Pledged Collateral.

608440072.4 -4-



===== page 8 =====
Section 3. Representations and Warranties of the Pledgor. The Pledgor represents and
warrants to the Mezzanine Security Agent and to each of the other Mezzanine Secured Parties,
and covenants with the Mezzanine Security Agent, that:

(a) the Pledgor is the record and beneficial owner of, and has legal title to, the
Pledged Shares listed on Exhibit A. Such shares are and will remain, and all other shares
of Capital Stock constituting Pledged Collateral will be, free and clear of all Liens and
security interests whatsoever, except the Liens and security interests created by this
Agreement or permitted under the Mezzanine Facilities Agreement;

(b) the Pledgor has full power, authority and legal right to execute the pledge
provided for herein and to pledge its Pledged Shares and any additional Pledged
Collateral to the Mezzanine Security Agent, for the benefit of the Mezzanine Security
Agent and the Mezzanine Secured Parties;

(c) this Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the
Pledgor and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Pledgor enforceable in
accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable
bankruptcy, moratorium, reorganization and other similar laws affecting the enforcement
of creditors’ rights generally;

(d) there are no outstanding options, warrants or other agreements with
respect to the Pledged Shares;

(e) the Pledged Shares have been, and all additional Pledged Collateral
constituting Capital Stock will be, duly and validly authorized and issued, and are or will
be fully paid and non-assessable and the Pledged Shares of the Issuer listed on Exhibit A
constitute all of the issued and outstanding Capital Stock of the Issuer;

(63) no consent, approval or authorization of or designation or filing with any
Governmental Authority on the part of the Pledgor is required in connection with the
pledge and security interest granted under this Agreement, or the exercise by the
Mezzanine Security Agent of the voting and other rights provided for in this Agreement,
except for the registration of this Agreement at Companies House in England under
section 860 of the Companies Act of 2006;

(g) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Pledgor
will not violate any provision of any Applicable Law or regulation or of any order,
judgment, writ, award or decree of any court, arbitrator or Governmental Authority,
domestic or foreign, or of the certificate of incorporation or other constitutive documents
or by-laws of any Obligor or of any securities issued by the issuer of the Pledged Shares
or of any mortgage, indenture, lease, contract, or other agreement, instrument or
undertaking to which any Obligor is a party or which purports to be binding upon any
Obligor or upon any of their respective assets, and will not result in the creation or
imposition of any Lien, charge or encumbrance on or security interest in any of the assets
of any Obligor except as contemplated by this Agreement; and

(h) upon delivery to the Mezzanine Security Agent in the State of New York
of all of the stock certificates representing the Pledged Shares together with stock powers

6084400724 -5-



===== page 9 =====
duly executed in blank and the registration of this Agreement at Companies House in
England under section 860 of the Companies Act of 2006, the pledge, assignment and
delivery to the Mezzanine Security Agent of the Pledged Shares pursuant to this
Agreement will create a valid lien on and a perfected security interest in the Pledged
Shares and the proceeds thereof in favor of the Mezzanine Security Agent, for the benefit
of the Mezzanine Security Agent and the Mezzanine Secured Parties, subject to no prior
Lien or security interest other than to the extent permitted under the Mezzanine Facilities
Agreement or to any agreement purporting to grant to any third party a security interest in
the property or assets of the Pledgor which would include the Pledged Shares. The
Pledgor covenants and agrees that it will defend the Mezzanine Security Agent’s right,
title and security interest in and to the Pledged Shares and the proceeds thereof against
the claims and demands of all persons whomsoever.

Section 4. Stock Dividends, Distributions, etc. If, while this Agreement is in effect, the
Pledgor shall become entitled to receive or shall receive any stock certificate (including, without
limitation, any certificate representing a stock dividend or a stock distribution in connection with
any reclassification, increase or reduction of capital, or issued in connection with any
reorganization, merger or consolidation), or any options or rights, in each case issued by the
Issuer, whether as an addition to, in substitution for, or in exchange for any of the Pledged
Shares, or otherwise, the Pledgor agrees to accept the same as the Mezzanine Security Agent’s
agent and to hold the same in trust for the Mezzanine Security Agent, and, except as otherwise
provided herein and subject to the Senior Pledge Agreement, to deliver the same promptly to the
Mezzanine Security Agent in the exact form received, with the endorsement of the Pledgor when
necessary and/or appropriate undated stock powers duly executed in blank, to be held by the
Mezzanine Security Agent, subject to the terms hereof, as additional Pledged Collateral. In case
any disiribution of capital shall be made on or in respect of the Pledged Shares or any property
shall be distributed upon or with respect to the Pledged Shares pursuant to the recapitalization or
reclassification of the Capital Stock of the issuer thereof or pursuant to the reorganization
thereof, the property so distributed shall be delivered promptly to the Mezzanine Security Agent,
except as otherwise provided herein and subject fo the Senior Pledge Agreement, to be held by it
as additional Pledged Collateral. Except as provided in subsection 5(a)(ii) below, all sums of
money and property so paid or distributed in respect of the Pledged Shares which are received by
the Pledgor shall, until paid or delivered to the Mezzanine Security Agent, be held by the Pledgor
in trust as additional Pledged Collateral.

Section 5. Administration of Security, The following provisions shall govern the
administration of the Pledged Shares:

(a) So Jong as no Declared Default has occurred, the Pledgor shall be entitled
(subject to the other provisions hereof, including, without limitation, Section 8 below):

Gi) to vote or consent with respect to the Pledged Shares in any
manner not inconsistent with this Agreement, the Mezzanine Facilities Agreement
and the other Mezzanine Finance Documents referred to therein; and.

Gi) to receive cash dividends or other distributions made in respect of

the Pledged Shares, to the extent permitted to be paid pursuant to the Senior
Facilities Agreement or, after the Senior Discharge Date, the Mezzanine Facilities

6084400724 -6-



===== page 10 =====
Agreement.

The Pledgor hereby grants to the Mezzanine Security Agent or its nominee, on behalf of
the Mezzanine Security Agent, an irrevocable proxy to exercise all voting and corporate
tights relating to the Pledged Shares in any instance, including, without limitation, to
approve any merger involving any Subsidiary as a constituent corporation, which proxy
shall only be exercisable upon the occurrence of a Declared Default. After the
occurrence of a Declared Default and upon the request of the Mezzanine Security Agent,
the Pledgor agrees to deliver to the Mezzanine Security Agent such further evidence of
such irrevocable proxy or such {further irrevocable proxies to vote the Pledged Shares as
the Mezzanine Security Agent may request.

(b) — Upon the occurrence of a Declared Default in the event that the Pledgor,
as record and beneficial owner of any of the Pledged Shares, shall have received or shall
have become entitled to receive, any cash dividends or other distributions in the ordinary
course, the Pledgor shall deliver to the Mezzanine Security Agent, and the Mezzanine
Security Agent shall be entitled to receive and retain, all such cash or other distributions
as additional Pledged Collateral.

{c) Subject to any sale or other disposition by the Senior Security Agent of the
Pledged Shares or other property in accordance with the terms of the Senior Pledge
Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement, and subject to any subsequent sale or other
disposition by the Mezzanine Security Agent of the Pledged Shares or other property in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Pledged Shares and any other Pledged
Collateral shall be delivered to the Pledgor upon indefeasible full payment in cash,
satisfaction and termination of all of the Secured Obligations and the termination of the
Lien and security interest hereby granted pursuant to Section 14 hereof.

Section 6. Rights of Mezzanine Security Agent. The Mezzanine Security Agent shall not
be liable for failure to collect or realize upon the Secured Obligations or any collateral security or
guaranty therefor, or any part thereof, or for any delay in so doing, nor shall the Mezzanine
Security Agent be under any obligation to take any action whatsoever with regard thereto. Any
ot all of the Pledged Shares held by the Mezzanine Security Agent hereunder may, if a Declared
Default has occurred, be registered in the name of the Mezzanine Security Agent or its nominee
and the Mezzanine Security Agent or its nominee may thereafter without notice exercise all
voting and corporate rights at any meeting with respect to the Issuer of the Pledged Shares and
exercise any and all rights of conversion, exchange, subscription or any other rights, privileges or
options pertaining to any of the Pledged Shares as if it were the absolute owner thereof,
including, without limitation, the right to vote in favor of, and to exchange at its discretion any
and all of the Pledged Shares upon, the merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization or
other readjustment with respect to the issuer of the Pledged Shares or upon the exercise by the
Pledgor or the Mezzanine Security Agent of any right, privilege or option pertaining to any of
the Pledged Shares, and in connection therewith, to deposit and deliver any and all of the
Pledged Shares with any committee, depository, transfer agent, registrar or other designated
agency upon such terms and conditions as the Mezzanine Security Agent may determine, all
without liability except to account for property actually received by the Mezzanine Security
Agent, but the Mezzanine Security Agent shall have no duty to exercise any of the aforesaid
rights, privileges or options and shall not be responsible for any failure to do so or delay in so

608440072.4 -7]-



===== page 11 =====
doing.

Section 7. Remedies. Upon the occurrence of a Declared Default, the Mezzanine
Security Agent, without demand of performance or other demand, advertisement or notice of any
kind (except the notice specified below of time and place of public or private sale) (all and cach
of which demands, advertisements and/or notices are hereby expressly waived), may forthwith
collect, receive, appropriate and realize upon the Pledged Collateral, or any part thereof, and/or
may forthwith sell, assign, give an option or options to purchase, contract to sell or otherwise
dispose of (including the disposition by merger) and deliver said Pledged Collateral, or any part
thereof, in one or more portions at public or private sale or sales or transactions, at any exchange,
broker’s board or at any of the Mezzanine Security Agent’s offices or elsewhere upon such terms
and conditions as the Mezzanine Security Agent may deem advisable and at such prices as it may
determine, for any combination of cash and/or securities or other property or on credit or for
future delivery without assumption of any credit risk, with the right of the Mezzanine Security
Agent or any Mezzanine Lender upon any such sale or sales, public or private, to purchase the
whole or any part of said Pledged Collateral so sold, free of any right or equity of redemption in
the Pledgor, which right or equity is hereby expressly waived or released. The Mezzanine
Security Agent shall apply the net proceeds of any such collection, recovery, receipt,
appropriation, realization, sale or disposition, after deducting all reasonable costs and expenses
of every kind incurred therein or incidental to the safekeeping of any and all of the Pledged
Collateral or in any way relating to the rights of the Mezzanine Security Agent hereunder,
including reasonable attorneys’ fees and legal expenses, to the payment, in whole or in part, of
the Secured Obligations in accordance with the Mezzanine Facilities Agreement and the
Intercreditor Agreement. Only after so paying over such net proceeds and after the payment by
the Mezzanine Security Agent of any other amount required by any provision of Applicable Law
need the Mezzanine Security Agent account for the surplus, if any, to the Pledgor. The Obligors
or any member of the Group shall remain liable for any deficiency remaining unpaid after such
application pursuant to the Mezzanine Facilities Agreement. The Mezzanine Security Agent
need not give more than 10 days’ written notice of the time and place of any public sale or of the
time after which a private sale or other intended disposition is to take place and that such notice
is reasonable notification of such matters. No notification need be given to the Pledgor if the
Pledgor has signed after the occurrence of a Declared Default a statement renouncing or
modifying any right to notification of sale or other intended disposition. In addition to the rights
and remedies granted to the Mezzanine Security Agent in this Agreement and in any other
instrument or agreement securing, evidencing or relating to any of the Secured Obligations, the
Mezzanine Security Agent shall have all the rights and remedies of a secured party under the
UCC and under any other Applicable Law.

Section 8. No Disposition, etc. Without the prior written consent of the Mezzanine
Security Agent, the Pledgor will not assign, transfer, exchange, or otherwise dispose of, or grant
any option with respect to, the Pledged Shares or any other Pledged Collateral except as
expressly permitted under the Mezzanine Facilities Agreement and will not create, incur or
permit to exist any Lien or security interest with respect to any of the Pledged Shares, any other
Pledged Collateral or any interest therein, or any proceeds thereof, except for the lien and
security interest provided for by the Senior Finance Documents, this Agreement or as permitted
under the Mezzanine Facilities Agreement. Except as permitted by the Mezzanine Facilities
Agreement, the Pledgor will not vote to enable or permit, the Issuer to (a) issue any stock or
other securities of any nature in addition to or in exchange or substitution for the Pledged Shares

6084400724 8.



===== page 12 =====
or (b) dissolve, liquidate, retire any of its Capital Stock, reduce its capital or merge or
consolidate with any other Person.

Section 9. Sale of Pledged Shares.

(a) The Pledgor recognizes that, after the occurrence of a Declared Default, the
Mezzanine Security Agent may be unable to effect a public sale or disposition (including,
without limitation, any disposition in connection with a merger of the Issuer) of any or all the
Pledged Collateral by reason of certain prohibitions contained in the Securities Act, and
Applicable Law, but may be compelled to resort and agrees that the Mezzanine Security Agent
may resort to one or more private sales or dispositions thereof to a restricted group of purchasers
who will be obliged to agree, among other things, to acquire such securities for their own
account for investment and not with a view to the distribution or resale thereof. The Pledgor
acknowledges and agrees that any such private sale or disposition may result in prices and other
terms (including the terms of any securities or other property received in connection therewith)
less favorable to the seller than if such sale or disposition were a public sale or disposition and,
notwithstanding such circumstances, agrees that any such private sale or disposition shall be
deemed to be reasonable and effected in a commercially reasonable manner. The Mezzanine
Security Agent shall be under no obligation to delay a sale or disposition of any of the Pledged
Collateral in order to permit any Obligor to register such securities for public sale under the
Securities Act, or under Applicable Law, even if the Obligor or the Issuer would agree to do so.

(b) The Pledgor shall do or cause to be done all such other acts and things as may be
necessary to make such sale or sales or dispositions of any portion or all of the Pledged
Collateral valid and binding and in compliance with any and all Applicable Laws, regulations,
orders, writs, injunctions, decrees or awards of any and all courts, arbitrators or governmental
jnstrumentalities, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over any such sale or sales or
dispositions, all at the Pledgor’s expense. A breach of any of the covenants contained in
Sections 4, 5(b), 8, 9 or 10 hereof will cause irreparable injury to the Mezzanine Security Agent
and the Mezzanine Secured Parties, that the Mezzanine Security Agent and Mezzanine Secured
Parties have no adequate remedy at law in respect of such breach and, as a consequence, agrees,
without limiting the right of the Mezzanine Security Agent to seek and obtain specific
performance of the obligations of the Pledgor contained in this Agreement, that each and every
covenant referenced above shall be specifically enforceable against the Pledgor, and the Pledgor
hereby waives and agrees not to assert any defenses against an action for specific performance of
such covenants except for a defense that no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing.

(ce) In addition to other indemnification obligations under the Mezzanine Finance
Documents, the Pledgor shall indemnify and hold harmless the Mezzanine Security Agent and
Mezzanine Secured Parties, and each of their officers, directors, employees, agents and
attorneys, and any Person in control of any thereof (each an “Indemnified Person”), from and
against any loss, liability, claim, damage and expense, including, without limitation, reasonable
counsel fees (collectively called the “/ndennified Liabilities”), under federal and state securities
laws or otherwise insofar as such loss, liability, claim, damage or expense:

(6) arises out of or is based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue
statement of a material fact made by any of the Obligors and contained in any registration

6084400724 -9-



===== page 13 =====
statement, prospectus or offering memorandum or in any preliminary prospectus or
preliminary offering memorandum or in any amendment or supplement to any of the
foregoing or in any other writing prepared in connection with the offer, sale or resale of
all or any portion of the Pledged Collateral unless such untrue statement of material fact
was provided by the Indemnified Person specifically for inclusion therein, or

(ii) arises out of or is based upon any omission or alleged omission to state
therein a material fact required to be stated or necessary to make the statements therein
not misleading;

such indemnification to remain operative regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of
the Indemnified Person or any successor thereof, or any Person in control of any thereof. In
connection with a public sale or other distribution, the Pledgor will provide customary
indemnification to any underwriters, their respective successors and assigns, their respective
officers and directors and each Person who controls any such underwriter (within the meaning of
the Securities Act). If and to the extent that the foregoing undertakings in this Section 9(c) may
be unenforceable for any reason, the Pledgor agrees to make maximum contribution to the
payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities which is permissible under
Applicable Law. The obligations of the Pledgor under this Section 9(c) shall survive any
termination of this Agreement.

(@) — The Pledgor further agrees to waive any and all rights of subrogation it may have
against an Obligor upon the sale or sales or dispositions of any portion or all of the Pledged
Collateral until all of the Secured Obligations (other than surviving contingent obligations) have
been paid in full.

Section 10. Further Assurances. The Pledgor agrees that at any time and from time to
time, upon the written request of the Mezzanine Security Agent, the Pledgor will execute and
deliver all stock powers, financing statements and such further documents and do such further
acts and things as the Mezzanine Security Agent may reasonably request consistent with the
provisions hereof in order to effect the purposes of this Agreement.

Section 11. Severability. Any provision of this Agreement which is prohibited or
unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such
prohibition or unenforceability, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction
shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

Section 12. No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies. The Mezzanine Security Agent shall not
by any act, delay, omission or otherwise be deemed to have waived any of its remedies on behalf
of the Mezzanine Secured Parties hereunder, and no waiver by the Mezzanine Security Agent
shall be valid unless in writing and signed by the Mezzanine Security Agent and then only to the
extent therein set forth. A waiver by the Mezzanine Security Agent of any right or remedy
hereunder on any one occasion shall not be construed as a bar to any right or remedy which the
Mezzanine Security Agent would otherwise have on any further occasion. No course of dealing
between the Pledgor and the Mezzanine Security Agent and no failure to exercise, nor any delay
in exercising on the part of the Mezzanine Security Agent of any right, power or privilege
hereunder or under the Mezzanine Finance Documents shall impair such right or remedy or
operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or

6084400724 -10-



===== page 14 =====
privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other
right, power or privilege. The rights and remedies herein provided are cumulative and may be
exercised singly or concurrently, and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by
Applicable Law.

Section 13. Successors. This Agreement and all obligations of the Pledgor hereunder
shall be binding upon its successors and assigns, and shall, together with the tights and remedies
of Mezzanine Security Agent hereunder, inure to the benefit of the Mezzanine Security Agent on
behalf of the Mezzanine Secured Parties and its successors and assigns, except that the Pledgor
shall not have any right to assign its obligations under this Agreement or any interest herein
without the prior written consent of the Mezzanine Security Agent.

Section 14. Termination. This Agreement and the liens and security interests granted
hereunder shall terminate upon the earlier of (a) the indefeasible full and complete performance
and satisfaction of the Secured Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations),
and (b) the sale, assignment, conveyance or other disposition of the Pledged Shares, or the
release of Pledgor’s guarantee of the Secured Obligations, in each case in accordance with the
Mezzanine Finance Documents, and promptly thereafter, the Mezzanine Security Agent shall
sutrender the certificates evidencing the Pledged Shares to the Pledgor.

Section 15. Possession of Pledged Collateral. Beyond the exercise of reasonable care to
assure the safe custody of the Pledged Collateral in the physical possession of the Mezzanine
Security Agent pursuant hereto, neither the Mezzanine Security Agent nor any nominee of the
Mezzanine Security Agent shall have any duty or liability to collect any sums due in respect
thereof or to protect, preserve or exercise any rights pertaining thereto, and shall be relieved of
all responsibility for the Pledged Collateral upon surrendering them to the Pledgor.

Section 16. Survival of Representations. All representations and warranties of the
Pledgor contained in this Agreement shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement.

Section 17. Intentionally Omitted.

Section 18. Mezzanine Security Agent Appointed Attorney-In-Fact. In addition to any
other appointments under the Mezzanine Finance Documents, the Pledgor hereby irrevocably
appoints the Mezzanine Security Agent as the Pledgor’s attorney-in-fact, effective upon the
occurrence of an Event of Default, with full authority in the place and stead of the Pledgor and in
the name of the Pledgor or otherwise, from time to time in the Mezzanine Security Agent’s
discretion, to take any action and to execute any instrument necessary to accomplish the
purposes of this Agreement, including, without limitation, to receive, endorse and collect all
instruments made payable to the Pledgor representing any dividend, interest payment or other
distribution in respect of the Pledged Collateral or any part thereof and to give full discharge for
the same, when and to the extent permitted by this Agreement.

Section 19. Notices. Each of the Pledgor and the Mezzanine Security Agent
acknowledges that Clause 35 (Notices) of the Mezzanine Facilities Agreement applies to this
Agreement.

Section 20. Consent to Jurisdiction and Service of Process. WITH RESPECT TO ANY
ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE PLEDGOR

6084400724 -ll-


===== page 15 =====
SHALL AND HEREBY DOES SUBMIT TO THE NON EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF
THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK AND THE FEDERAL COURTS OF THE
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA LOCATED IN NEW YORK COUNTY, IN THE STATE OF
NEW YORK (AND ANY APPELLATE COURTS TAKING APPEALS THEREFROM). THE
PLEDGOR HEREBY WAIVES AND AGREES NOT TO ASSERT, AS A DEFENSE IN ANY
ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS
AGREEMENT, (A) THAT IT IS NOT SUBJECT TO SUCH JURISDICTION OR THAT
SUCH ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING MAY NOT BE BROUGHT OR IS NOT
MAINTAINABLE IN THOSE COURTS OR THAT THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE
OTHER MEZZANINE FINANCE DOCUMENTS MAY NOT BE ENFORCED IN OR BY
THOSE COURTS OR THAT IT IS EXEMPT OR IMMUNE FROM EXECUTION, (B) THAT
THE ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING IS BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM,
OR (C) THAT THE VENUE OF THE ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING IS IMPROPER. IN
THE EVENT ANY SUCH ACTION, SUIT, PROCEEDING OR LITIGATION IS
COMMENCED, THE PLEDGOR AGREES THAT SERVICE OF PROCESS MAY BE MADE,
AND PERSONAL JURISDICTION OVER THE PLEDGOR OBTAINED, BY SERVICE OF A
COPY OF THE SUMMONS, COMPLAINT AND OTHER PLEADINGS REQUIRED TO
COMMENCE SUCH LITIGATION UPON THE PLEDGOR AT THE ADDRESS OF THE
PLEDGOR AND TO TIE ATTENTION OF SUCH PERSON AS SET FORTH IN SECTION
19.

No claim may be made by the Pledgor against the Mezzanine Security Agent, its
affiliates and its directors, officers, employees, or attorneys for any special, indirect or
consequential damages (“Special Damages”) in respect of any breach or wrongful conduct
(whether the claim therefor is based on contract, tort or duty imposed by law) in connection with,
arising out of, or in any way related to the transactions contemplated or relationship established
by this Agreement, or any act, omission or event occurring in connection herewith or therewith;
and to the fullest extent permitted by law the Pledgor hereby waives, releases and agrees not to
suc upon any such claim for Special Damages, whether or not accrued and whether or not known,
or suspected to exist in its favor.

Section 21. WAIVER OF JURY RIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY
WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT
IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY
OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS
AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE OTHER MEZZANINE FINANCE DOCUMENTS AND
AGREES THAT ANY SUCH LITIGATION SHALL BE TRIED ONLY BY A COURT AND
NOT A JURY. EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES TUAT NO REPRESENTATIVE,
AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HERETO HAS REPRESENTED,
EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE
EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B)
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN
INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN
DOCUMENTS, AS APPLICABLE, BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL
WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.

Section 22. Applicable Law. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND.
OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED

608440072.4 -12-


===== page 16 =====
IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND BE GOVERNED BY THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW
YORK (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE
GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF SAID STATE).

Section 24. Changes in Writing. This Agreement may be amended only as provided in
Section 36 of the Mezzanine Facilities Agreement, and then only to the extent specifically set
forth in such writing.

Section 25. Headings. Section and subsection headings in this Agreement are included
herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Agreement for any
other purpose or be given any substantive effect.

Section 26. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument and any of
the parties hereto may execute this Agreement by signing any such counterpart. Signatures
delivered by electronic methods shall have the same effect as signatures delivered in person.

Section 27. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions.

(a) Defined Terms, For purposes of this Section 27, capitalized terms used
herein and not otherwise defined shall have the following meanings:

“Bail-In Action” means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers
by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an EEA
Financial Institution.

“Bail-In Legislation” means, with respect to any EEA Member Country
implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the
Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country
from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule.

“FEA Financial Institution” means (a) any credit institution or investment firm
established in any EEA Member Country which is subject (o the supervision of an EEA
Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a
parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial
institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution
described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision
with its parent;

“EEA Member Country” means any of the member states of the European Union,
Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.

“EEA Resolution Authority” means any public administrative authority or any
person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country
(including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial
Institution.

“EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule” means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule
published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from.

608440072.4 -13-


===== page 17 =====
time to time.

“Write-Down and Conversion Powers” means, with respect to any EEA
Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution
Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA
Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU
Bail-In Legislation Schedule.

(b} Acknowledgement and Consent. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in any Mezzanine Finance Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or
understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability
of any EEA Financial Institution arising under any Mezzanine Finance Document, to the
extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion
powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges
and agrees to be bound by:

@ the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an
EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be
payable to it by any party hereto that is an EEA Financial Institution; and

Gi) the effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if
applicable:

(A) _ areduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such
liability;

(B) — aconversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares
or other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution, its
parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or
otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of
ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any
such liability under this Agreement or any other Mezzanine Finance
Document; or

(C) __ the variation of the terms of such liability in connection
with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of any EEA
Resolution Authority.

SECTION 28. Second Priority Nature of Liens. Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, the lien and security interest granted to the Mezzanine Security Agent pursuant to this
Agreement shall be a second lien on and security interest in the Pledged Collateral and the
exercise of any right or remedy by the Mezzanine Security Agent hereunder is subject to the
provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the terms of the
Intercreditor Agreement and this Agreement, the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement shall
govern and control. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, prior to the Senior
Discharge Date, the requirements of this Agreement to deliver the Pledged Collateral to the
Mezzanine Security Agent shall be deemed satisfied by delivery of such Pledged Collateral to
the Senior Security Agent.

6084400724 -14-



===== page 18 =====
JN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Stock Pledge Agreement
to be duly executed and delivered as of the day and year first above written.

PLEDGOR:

ALPHA FINANCIAL MARKETS CONSULTING
GROUP LIMITED _

MEZZANINE SECURITY AGENT:

BEECHBROOK MEZZANINE II JERSEY LIMITED

By:

Name:
Title:

Signature Page to Stock Pledge Agreement
084400724



===== page 19 =====
ACKNOWLEDGMENT

The undersigned hereby (a) acknowledges receipt of a copy of the foregoing
Stock Pledge Agreement (the “Pledge Agreement”), (b) waives any rights or requirement at any
time hereafter to receive a copy of such Pledge Agreement in connection with the registration of
any Pledged Shares or any other Pledged Collateral (as such terms are defined therein) in the
name of the Mezzanine Security Agent or its nominee or the exercise of voting rights by the
Mezzanine Security Agent, and (c) agrees promptly to note on its books and records the grant of
the security interest in the stock of the undersigned as provided in such Pledge Agreement,
including the following legend:

PURSUANT TO THAT CERTAIN STOCK PLEDGE AGREEMENT DATED AS OF
MARCH , 2016 (AS FROM TIME TO TIME AMENDED, RESTATED,
SUPPLEMENTED OR OTHERWISE MODIFIED), ALPHA FINANCIAL MARKETS
CONSULTING GROUP LIMITED HAS, UNDER THE CIRCUMSTANCES
SPECIFIED IN SUCH PLEDGE AGREEMENT, EMPOWERED LLOYDS BANK
PLC, IN ITS CAPACITY AS MEZZANINE SECURITY AGENT, TO VOTE THE
SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SUCH STOCK
PLEDGE AGREEMENT.

Dated: March 52016
ALPHA FINANCIAL MARKETS
CONSULTING, INC.

By:
Name:
Title:

Signature Page to Acknowledgment to Stock Pledge Agreement
608440072.4


===== page 20 =====
Exhibit A

to Stock Pledge Agreement

Issuer Class of | Certificate | Number of % of

Shares | No. Shares Outstanding

Class Shares

Alpha Financial Class A 2 10,000 100
Markets Voting
Consulting, Inc. Common

Stock

6084400724



===== page 21 =====
Exhibit B
to Stock Pledge Agreement

STOCK POWER

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, ALPHA FINANCIAL MARKETS
CONSULTING GROUP LIMITED, a company organized under the laws of England and

Wales (“Grantor’’), does . hereby sell, assign and transfer to
all of its Equity Interests (as hereinafter defined)
represented by Certificate No(s). * in ALPHA FINANCIAL MARKETS

CONSULTING, INC., a New York corporation (“/ssuer’”) standing in the name of Grantor on
the books of said Issuer. Grantor does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint
*, as attorney, to transfer the Equity Interests in said Issuer with
full power of substitution in the premises. The term “Equity Interest? means any security, share,
unit, partnership interest, membership interest, ownership interest, equity interest, option,
warrant, participation, “equity security” (as such term is defined in Rule 3(a)11-1 of the General
Rules and Regulations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any similar
statute then in effect, promulgated by the Sccurities and Exchange Commission and any
successor thereto) or analogous interest (regardless of how designated) of or in a corporation,
partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company, business trust or other entity, of
whatever nature, type, series or class, whether voting or nonvoting, certificated or uncertificated,
common or preferred, and all rights and privileges incident thereto.

Dated:
GRANTOR:
ALPHA FINANCIAL MARKETS CONSULTING
GROUP LIMITED
By:
Name:
Title:
“To Remain Blank

6084400724



===== page 22 =====
EXECUTION COPY
STOCK PLEDGE AGREEMENT

THIS STOCK PLEDGE AGREEMENT (as amended, novated, supplemented and/or
restated from time to time, this “Agreement”), dated as of March 4a, 2016, is by and between
ALPHA FINANCIAL MARKETS CONSULTING GROUP LIMITED, a company
organized under the laws of England and Wales with registration number 07160664 (the
“Pledgor"), and BEECHBROOK MEZZANINE II JERSEY LIMITED, in its capacity as
security agent (in such capacity, the “Mezzanine Security Agent”) for the Mezzanine Secured
Parties (as defined below). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have
the meanings given to such terms in the Mezzanine Facilities Agreement (as defined below).

RECITALS:

A. Pursuant to that certain Mezzanine Facility Agreement dated February 3, 2016, by
and among (1) Caelius Midco 2 Limited (“Parent”), (2) Caelius Bidco Limited as Original
Borrower (together with any Additional Borrower from time to time a party thereto, collectively,
“Borrowers”), (3) the companies listed in part 1 of schedule 1 thereto as Original Guarantors
(together with Parent, Pledgor, and any Additional Guarantor from time to time a party thereto,
collectively, the “Guarantors,” and together with the Borrowers, collectively, the “Obligors”),
(4) Beechbrook Capital LLP as Mandated Lead Arranger (“Lead Arranger”), (5) the financial
institution listed in part 2 of schedule | to it as Original Lender (“Original Mezzanine Lender"),
(6) Beechbrook Capital LLP as Agent (“Mezzanine Agent”) and (7) the Mezzanine Security
Agent (as amended, novated, supplemented, and/or restated from time to time the “Mezzanine
Facilities Agreement”), the Original Lender agreed to make certain facilities available to the
Borrowers.

B. The Pledgor legally and beneficially owns all of the issued and outstanding
Capital Stock of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting, Inc., a New York corporation (the
“Tssuer”), as described on Exhibit A attached hereto.

Cc. To induce the Mezzanine Sccurity Agent and the Mezzanine Secured Parties to
enter into and make the Loans under the Mezzanine Facilities Agreement or provide other
extensions of credit and in order to secure the payment and performance by the Obligors of the
Secured Obligations, the Pledgor desires to enter into this Agreement.

D. Pursuant to that certain Senior Term and Revolving Senior Facilities Agreement
dated February 3, 2016, by and among (1) Parent, (2) Original Borrower, (3) Original
Guarantors, (4) Lloyds Bank ple as Arranger ("Senior Arranger”), (5) the financial institution
listed in part 2 of schedule | to it as Original Lender (“Original Senior Lender"), (6) Lloyds
Bank plc as Original Hedge Counterparty (“Hedge Counterparty”), (7) Lloyds Bank ple as Agent
(“Senior Agent”) and (8) Lloyds Bank ple as Senior Security Agent ("Senior Security Agent”) (as
amended, novated, supplemented, and/or restated from time to time the “Senior Facilities
Agreement”), the Original Senior Lender agreed to make certain facilities available to the
Borrowers.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing Recitals, and for other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties

608440072.4



===== page 23 =====
hereto agree as follows:

Section 1. Defined Terms. Unless otherwise defined herein, all capitalized terms used
herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed thereto in the Mezzanine Facilities
Agreement.

“Agreement” is defined in the introductory Preamble.

Applicable Law” means any applicable Federal, state, foreign or local law, ordinance,
order, regulation, decree, rule or requirement of any governmental agency, instrumentality,
board, commission, bureau or other authority having jurisdiction.

“Borrowers” is defined in the Recitals.

“Capital Stock” means shares of capital stock (whether denominated as common. stock or
preferred stock), beneficial, partnership or membership interests or other equivalents (regardless
of how described) of or in a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or equivalent
entity, whether voting or non-voting, and all securities convertible or exchangeable into any of
the foregoing and all warrants, options or other rights to purchase or subscribe for any of the
foregoing, whether or not presently convertible, exchangeable or exercisable.

"Declared Default" means an Event of Default in respect of which any notice has been
issued or rights exercised by the Mezzanine Agent under clause 23.18 (Acceleration) of the
Mezzanine Facilities Agreement.

“Guarantors” is defined in the Recitals.

“Governmental Authority(ies)” means any international, Federal, state, interstate,
provincial, local, foreign court or governmental agency, authority, instrumentality, agency,
bureau, board, commission, department or regulatory body.

“Hedge Counterparty” is defined in the Recitals.
“Indemnified Liabilities” is defined in Section 9(c).
“Indemnified Person” is defined in Section 9(c).

“Intercreditor Agreement” means that certain Intercreditor Agreement dated February 3,
2016, made between, among others, the Parent, the Company, the Debtors, as defined therein,
the Senior Security Agent, the Senior Agent, the Senior Arranger, the Hedge Counterparty, the
Mezzanine Agent, the Original Mezzanine Lender, the Mezzanine Security Agent, the
Mezzanine Arranger, and the Intra-Group Lenders, as defined therein, as amended, novated,
supplemented and/or restated from time to time.

“Issuer” is defined in the Recitals.

“Lien” means any “Security” or “Quasi-Security” as such terms are defined in the
Mezzanine Facilities Agreement.

608440072.4 -2-


===== page 24 =====
“Loan” has the meaning given to that term in the Mezzanine Facilities Agreement.
“Mezzanine Agent” is defined in the Recitals.
“Mezzanine Facilities Agreement” is defined in the Recitals.

“Mezzanine Finance Document” means a “Finance Document” as that term is defined in
the Mezzanine Facilities Agreement,

“Mezzanine Finance Party” has the meaning given to the term “Finance Party” in the
Mezzanine Facilities Agreement.

"Mezzanine Lender" means a "Lender" as that term is defined in the Mezzanine Facilities
Agreement.

“Mezzanine Secured Parties” has the meaning given to that term in the Intercreditor
Agreement.

“Mezzanine Security Agent” is defined in the introductory Preamble.

“Mezzanine Security Agreement” means that certain security agreement, dated as of the
date hereof, executed by Issuer in favor of the Mezzanine Security Agent.

“Obligors” is defined in the Recitals.

“Parent” is defined in the Recitals.

“Person” means any natural petson, corporation, business trust, limited liability
company, joint venture, association, company, partnership or government, or any agency or
political subdivision thereof.

“Pledged Collateral?” is defined in Section 2.

“Pledged Shares” is defined in Section 2.

“Pledgor” is defined in the introductory Preamble.

“Secured Obligations” means all present and future obligations and liabilities (whether
actual or contingent and whether owed jointly or severally or alone or in any other capacity
whatsoever) of each member of the Group to the Mezzanine Security Agent and/or the other
Mezzanine Secured Parties (or any of them) under or pursuant to any Mezzanine Finance
Document (including all monies covenanted to be paid under this Agreement).

“Securities Act’ means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

“Senior Agent” is defined in the Recitals.

“Senior Discharge Date” has the meaning given to that term in the Intercreditor
Agreement.

60R440072.4 -3-



===== page 25 =====
“Senior Facilities Agreement” is defined in the Recitals.

“Senior Finance Document” means a “Finance Document” as that term is defined in the
Senior Facilities Agreement.

“Senior Pledge Agreement” means that certain stock pledge agreement, dated as of the
date hereof, executed by Issuer in favor of the Senior Security Agent.

“Senior Security Agent” is defined in the Recitals.
Special Damages” is defined in Section 20.

“UCC” means the Uniform Commercial Code from time to time in effect in the State of
New York and the State of Delaware, provided that if, by reason of mandatory provisions of law,
the validity or perfection of the Mezzanine Security Agent’s security interest in the Pledged
Collateral or any part thereof is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code or other similar law
as in effect in a jurisdiction other than New York or Delaware, as applicable, the term “UCC”
shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code or such similar law as in effect in such other
jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such validity or perfection.

Terms defined in the UCC, which are not otherwise defined in this Agreement or in the
Mezzanine Facilities Agreement are used in this Agreement as defined in the UCC as in effect on
the date hereof.

If there is any conflict or inconsistency between any provision of this Agreement and the
Intercreditor Agreement, the provision of the Intercreditor Agreement shall prevail.

Section 2. Pledge. Subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Pledgor hereby pledges,
assigns, hypothecates, delivers and grants to the Mezzanine Security Agent a lien on, and
security interest in and to, (a) all of the Capital Stock of the Issuer now owned or hereafter
acquired by the Pledgor (collectively, the “Pledged Shares”), (b) all other property hereafter
delivered to, or in the possession or in the custody of, the Mezzanine Security Agent in
substitution for or in addition to the Pledged Shares, (c) any other property of the Pledgor,
described in Section 4 below and now or hereafter delivered to, or in the possession or custody of
the Pledgor, and (d) all proceeds of the collateral described in the preceding clauses (a), (b) and
(c) (the collateral described in clauses (a) through (d) of this Section 2 being collectively referred
to as the “Pledged Collateral”), as collateral security for the prompt and complete payment when
due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) of all the Secured Obligations.

Except as otherwise expressly provided herein and subject to the Senior Pledge
Agreement, and except to the extent previously so delivered, all of the Pledged Shares now
owned by the Pledgor which are presently represented by stock certificates are listed on Exhibit
A hereto, which stock certificates, with undated stock powers substantially in the form of Exhibit
B hereto duly executed in blank by the Pledgor and irrevocable proxies, after the Senior
Discharge Date, shall be delivered to the Mezzanine Security Agent. The Pledgor shall notify
the Mezzanine Security Agent upon its acquisition of any Capital Stock not listed on Exhibit A.
After the Senior Discharge Date, the Mezzanine Security Agent shall maintain possession and
custody of the certificates representing the Pledged Shares and any additional Pledged Collateral.

608440072.4 4.



===== page 26 =====
Section 3. Representations and Warranties of the Pledgor. The Pledgor represents and
warrants to the Mezzanine Security Agent and to each of the other Mezzanine Secured Parties,
and covenants with the Mezzanine Security Agent, that:

(a) _ the Pledgor is the record and beneficial owner of, and has legal title to, the
Pledged Shares listed on Exhibit A. Such shares are and will remain, and all other shares
of Capital Stock constituting Pledged Collateral will be, free and clear of all Liens and
security interests whatsoever, except the Liens and security interests created by this
Agrecment or permitted under the Mezzanine Facilities Agreement;

(b) the Pledgor has full power, authority and legal right to execute the pledge
provided for herein and to pledge its Pledged Shares and any additional Pledged
Collateral to the Mezzanine Security Agent, for the benefit of the Mezzanine Security
Agent and the Mezzanine Secured Parties;

(c) this Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the
Pledgor and constitutes a Jegal, valid and binding obligation of the Pledgor enforceable in
accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable
bankruptcy, moratorium, reorganization and other similar laws affecting the enforcement
of creditors’ rights generally;

(d) there are no outstanding options, warrants or other agreements with
respect to the Pledged Shares;

(e) the Pledged Shares have been, and all additional Pledged Collateral
constituting Capital Stock will be, duly and validly authorized and issued, and are or will
be fully paid and non-assessable and the Pledged Shares of the Issuer listed on Exhibit A
constitute all of the issued and outstanding Capital Stock of the Issuer;

® no consent, approval or authorization of or designation or filing with any
Governmental Authority on the part of the Pledgor is required in connection with the
pledge and security interest granted under this Agreement, or the exercise by the
Mezzanine Security Agent of the voting and other rights provided for in this Agreement,
except for the registration of this Agreement at Companies House in England under
section 860 of the Companies Act of 2006;

(g) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Pledgor
will not violate any provision of any Applicable Law or regulation or of any order,
judgment, writ, award or decree of any court, arbitrator or Governmental Authority,
domestic or foreign, or of the certificate of incorporation or other constitutive documents
or by-laws of any Obligor or of any securities issued by the issuer of the Pledged Shares
ot of any mortgage, indenture, lease, contract, or other agreement, instrament or
undertaking to which any Obligor is a party or which purports to be binding upon any
Obligor or upon any of their respective assets, and will not result in the creation or
imposition of any Lien, charge or encumbrance on or security interest in any of the assets
of any Obligor except as contemplated by this Agreement; and

(h) upon delivery to the Mezzanine Security Agent in the State of New York
of all of the stock certificates representing the Pledged Shares together with stock powers

608440072.4 -5-



===== page 27 =====
duly executed in blank and the registration of this Agreement at Companies House in
England under section 860 of the Companies Act of 2006, the pledge, assignment and
delivery to the Mezzanine Security Agent of the Pledged Shares pursuant to this
Agreement will create a valid lien on and a perfected security interest in the Pledged
Shares and the proceeds thercof in favor of the Mezzanine Security Agent, for the benefit
of the Mezzanine Security Agent and the Mezzanine Secured Parties, subject to no prior
Lien or security interest other than to the extent permitted under the Mezzanine Facilities
Agreement or to any agreement purporting to grant to any third party a security interest in
the property or assets of the Pledgor which would include the Pledged Shares. The
Pledgor covenants and agrees that it will defend the Mezzanine Security Agent’s right,
title and security interest in and to the Pledged Shares and the proceeds thereof against
the claims and demands of all persons whomsoever.

Section 4. Stock Dividends, Distributions, etc. If, while this Agreement is in effect, the
Pledgor shall become entitled to receive or shall receive any stock certificate (including, without
limitation, any certificate representing a stock dividend or a stock distribution in connection with
any reclassification, increase or reduction of capital, or issued in connection with any
reorganization, merger or consolidation), or any options or rights, in each case issued by the
Issuer, whether as an addition to, in substitution for, or in exchange for any of the Pledged
Shares, or otherwise, the Pledgor agrees to accept the same as the Mezzanine Security Agent’s
agent and to hold the same in trust for the Mezzanine Security Agent, and, except as otherwise
provided herein and subject to the Senior Pledge Agreement, to deliver the same promptly to the
Mezzanine Security Agent in the exact form received, with the endorsement of the Pledgor when
necessary and/or appropriate undated stock powers duly executed in blank, to be held by the
Mezzanine Security Agent, subject to the terms hereof, as additional Pledged Collateral. In case
any distribution of capital shall be made on or in respect of the Pledged Shares or any property
shall be distributed upon or with respect to the Pledged Shares pursuant to the recapitalization or
reclassification of the Capital Stock of the issuer thereof or pursuant to the reorganization
thereof, the property so distributed shall be delivered promptly to the Mezzanine Security Agent,
except as otherwise provided herein and subject to the Senior Pledge Agreement, to be held by it
as additional Pledged Collateral. Except as provided in subsection 5(a)(ii) below, all sums of
money and property so paid or distributed in respect of the Pledged Shares which are received by
the Pledgor shall, until paid or delivered to the Mezzanine Security Agent, be held by the Pledgor
in trust as additional Pledged Collateral.

Section 5. Administration of Security. The following provisions shall govern the
administration of the Pledged Shares:

(a) So long as no Declared Default has occurred, the Pledgor shall be entitled
(subject to the other provisions hereof, including, without limitation, Section 8 below):

i¢)) to vote or consent with respect to the Pledged Shares in any
manner not inconsistent with this Agreement, the Mezzanine Facilities Agreement
and the other Mezzanine Finance Documents referred to therein; and

(ii) __ to receive cash dividends or other distributions made in respect of

the Pledged Shares, to the extent permitted to be paid pursuant to the Senior
Facilities Agreement or, after the Senior Discharge Date, the Mezzanine Facilities

6084400724 -6-



===== page 28 =====
Agreement.

The Pledgor hereby grants to the Mezzanine Security Agent or its nominee, on behalf of
the Mezzanine Security Agent, an irrevocable proxy to exercise all voting and corporate
rights relating to the Pledged Shares in any instance, including, without limitation, to
approve any merger involving any Subsidiary as a constituent corporation, which proxy
shall only be exercisable upon the occurrence of a Declared Default. After the
occurrence of a Declared Default and upon the request of the Mezzanine Sccurity Agent,
the Pledgor agrees to deliver to the Mezzanine Security Agent such further evidence of
such itrevocable proxy or such further irrevocable proxies to vote the Pledged Shares as
the Mezzanine Security Agent may request.

(b) Upon the occurrence of a Declared Default in the event that the Pledgor,
as record and beneficial owner of any of the Pledged Shares, shall have received or shal
have become entitled to receive, any cash dividends or other distributions in the ordinary
course, the Pledgor shall deliver to the Mezzanine Security Agent, and the Mezzanine
Security Agent shall be entitled to receive and retain, all such cash or other distributions
as additional Pledged Collateral.

(c) Subject to any sale or other disposition by the Senior Security Agent of the
Pledged Shares or other property in accordance with the terms of the Senior Pledge
Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement, and subject to any subsequent sale or other
disposition by the Mezzanine Security Agent of the Pledged Shares or other property in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Pledged Shares and any other Pledged
Collateral shall be delivered to the Pledgor upon indefeasible full payment in cash,
satisfaction and termination of all of the Secured Obligations and the termination of the
Lien and security interest hereby granted pursuant to Section 14 hercof.

Section 6. Rights of Mezzanine Security Agent. The Mezzanine Security Agent shall not
be liable for failure to collect or realize upon the Secured Obligations or any collateral security or
guaranty therefor, or any part thereof, or for any delay in so doing, nor shall the Mezzanine
Security Agent be under any obligation to take any action whatsoever with regard thereto. Any
or all of the Pledged Shares held by the Mezzanine Security Agent hereunder may, if a Declared
Default has occurred, be registered in the name of the Mezzanine Security Agent or its nominee
and the Mezzanine Security Agent or its nominee may thereafter without notice exercise all
voting and corporate rights at any meeting with respect to the Issuer of the Pledged Shares and
exercise any and all rights of conversion, exchange, subscription or any other rights, privileges or
options pertaining to any of the Pledged Shares as if it were the absolute owner thereof,
including, without limitation, the right to vote in favor of, and to exchange at its discretion any
and all of the Pledged Shares upon, the merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization or
other readjustment with respect to the issuer of the Pledged Shares or upon the exercise by the
Pledgor or the Mezzanine Security Agent of any right, privilege or option pertaining to any of
the Pledged Shares, and in connection therewith, to deposit and deliver any and all of the
Pledged Shares with any committee, depository, transfer agent, registrar or other designated
agency upon such terms and conditions as the Mezzanine Security Agent may determine, all
without liability except to account for property actually received by the Mezzanine Security
Agent, but the Mezzanine Security Agent shall have no duty to exercise any of the aforesaid
tights, privileges or options and shall not be responsible for any failure to do so or delay in so

608440072.4 -7-



===== page 29 =====
doing.

Section 7. Remedies. Upon the occurrence of a Declared Default, the Mezzanine
Security Agent, without demand of performance or other demand, advertisement or notice of any
kind (except the notice specified below of time and place of public or private sale) (all and each
of which demands, advertisements and/or notices are hereby expressly waived), may forthwith
collect, receive, appropriate and realize upon the Pledged Collateral, or any part thereof, and/or
may forthwith sell, assign, give an option or options to purchase, contract to sell or otherwise
dispose of (including the disposition by merger) and deliver said Pledged Collateral, or any part
thereof, in one or more portions at public or private sale or sales or transactions, at any exchange,
broker’s board or at any of the Mezzanine Security Agent’s offices or elsewhere upon such terms
and conditions as the Mezzanine Security Agent may deem advisable and at such prices as it may
determine, for any combination of cash and/or securities or other property or on credit or for
future delivery without assumption of any credit risk, with the right of the Mezzanine Security
Agent or any Mezzanine Lender upon any such sale or sales, public or private, to purchase the
whole or any part of said Pledged Collateral so sold, free of any right or equity of redemption in
the Pledgor, which right or equity is hereby expressly waived or released. The Mezzanine
Security Agent shall apply the net proceeds of any such collection, recovery, receipt,
appropriation, realization, sale or disposition, after deducting all reasonable costs and expenses
of every kind incurred therein or incidental to the safekeeping of any and all of the Pledged
Collateral or in any way relating to the rights of the Mezzanine Security Agent hereunder,
including reasonable attorneys’ fees and legal expenses, to the payment, in whole or in part, of
the Secured Obligations in accordance with the Mezzanine Facilities Agreement and the
Intercreditor Agreement. Only after so paying over such net proceeds and after the payment by
the Mezzanine Security Agent of any other amount required by any provision of Applicable Law
need the Mezzanine Security Agent account for the surplus, if any, to the Pledgor. The Obligors
or any member of the Group shall remain liable for any deficiency remaining unpaid after such
application pursuant to the Mezzanine Facilities Agreement. The Mezzanine Security Agent
need not give more than 10 days’ written notice of the time and place of any public sale or of the
time after which a private sale or other intended disposition is to take place and that such notice
is reasonable notification of such matters. No notification need be given to the Pledgor if the
Pledgor has signed after the occurrence of a Declared Default a statement renouncing or
modifying any right to notification of sale or other intended disposition. In addition to the rights
and remedies granted to the Mezzanine Security Agent in this Agreement and in any other
instrument or agreement securing, evidencing or relating to any of the Secured Obligations, the
Mezzanine Security Agent shall have all the rights and remedies of a secured party under the
UCC and under any other Applicable Law.

Section 8. No Disposition, etc. Without the prior written consent of the Mezzanine
Security Agent, the Pledgor will not assign, transfer, exchange, or otherwise dispose of, or grant
any option with respect to, the Pledged Shares or any other Pledged Collateral except as
expressly permitted under the Mezzanine Facilitics Agreement and will not create, incur or
permit to exist any Lien or security interest with respect to any of the Pledged Shares, any other
Pledged Collateral or any interest therein, or any proceeds thereof, except for the lien and
security interest provided for by the Senior Finance Documents, this Agreement or as permitted
under the Mezzanine Facilities Agreement. Except as permitted by the Mezzanine Facilities
Agrocment, the Pledgor will not vote to enable or permit, the Issuer to (a) issue any stock or
other securities of any nature in addition to or in exchange or substitution for the Pledged Shares

6084400724 -8-



===== page 30 =====
or (b) dissolve, liquidate, retire any of its Capital Stock, reduce its capital or merge or
consolidate with any other Person.

Section 9. Sale of Pledged Shares.

(a) The Pledgor recognizes that, after the occurence of a Declared Default, the
Mezzanine Security Agent may be unable to effect a public sale or disposition (including,
without limitation, any disposition in connection with a merger of the Issuer) of any or all the
Pledged Collateral by reason of certain prohibitions contained in the Securities Act, and
Applicable Law, but may be compelled to resort and agrees that the Mezzanine Security Agent
may resort to one or more private sales or dispositions thereof to a restricted group of purchasers
who will be obliged to agree, among other things, to acquire such securities for their own
account for investment and not with a view to the distribution or resale thereof. The Pledgor
acknowledges and agrees that any such private sale or disposition may result in prices and other
terms (including the terms of any securities or other property received in connection therewith)
less favorable to the seller than if such sale or disposition were a public sale or disposition and,
notwithstanding such circumstances, agrees that any such private sale or disposition shall be
deemed to be reasonable and effected in a commercially reasonable manner. The Mezzanine
Security Agent shall be under no obligation to delay a sale or disposition of any of the Pledged
Collateral in order to permit any Obligor to register such securities for public sale under the
Securities Act, or under Applicable Law, even if the Obligor or the Issuer would agree to do so.

(b) The Pledgor shall do or cause to be done all such other acts and things as may be
necessary to make such sale or sales or dispositions of any portion or all of the Pledged
Collateral valid and binding and in compliance with any and all Applicable Laws, regulations,
orders, writs, injunctions, decrees or awards of any and all courts, arbitrators or governmental
jnstrumentalities, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over any such sale or sales or
dispositions, all at the Pledgor’s expense. A breach of any of the covenants contained in
Sections 4, 5(b), 8, 9 or 10 hereof will cause irreparable injury to the Mezzanine Security Agent
and the Mezzanine Secured Parties, that the Mezzanine Security Agent and Mezzanine Secured
Parties have no adequate remedy at law in respect of such breach and, as a consequence, agrees,
without limiting the right of the Mezzanine Security Agent to seck and obtain specific
performance of the obligations of the Pledgor contained in this Agreement, that each and every
covenant referenced above shall be specifically enforceable against the Pledgor, and the Pledgor
hereby waives and agrees not to assert any defenses against an action for specific performance of
such covenants except for a defense that no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing.

(©) In addition to other indemnification obligations under the Mezzanine Finance
Documents, the Pledgor shall indemnify and hold harmless the Mezzanine Security Agent and
Mezzanine Secured Parties, and each of their officers, directors, employees, agents and
attorneys, and any Person in control of any thereof (each an “indemnified Person’), from and
against any loss, liability, claim, damage and expense, including, without limitation, reasonable
counsel fees (collectively called the “Indemnified Liabilities”), under federal and state securities
laws or otherwise insofar as such loss, liability, claim, damage or expense:

ie) arises out of or is based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue
statement of a material fact made by any of the Obligors and contained in any registration

6084400724 -9-



===== page 31 =====
statement, prospectus or offering memorandum or in any preliminary prospectus or
preliminary offering memorandum or in any amendment or supplement to any of the
foregoing or in any other writing prepared in connection with the offer, sale or resale of
all or any portion of the Pledged Collateral unless such untrue statement of material fact
was provided by the Indemnified Person specifically for inclusion therein; or

Gi) arises out of or is based upon any omission or alleged omission to state
therein a material fact required to be stated or necessary to make the statements therein
not misleading;

such indemnification to remain operative regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of
the Indemnified Person or any successor thereof, or any Person in control of any thereof. In
connection with a public sale or other distribution, the Pledgor will provide customary
indemnification to any underwriters, their respective successors and assigns, their respective
officers and directors and each Person who controls any such underwriter (within the meaning of
the Securities Act). If and to the extent that the foregoing undertakings in this Section 9(c) may
be unenforceable for any reason, the Pledgor agrees to make maximum contribution to the
payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities which is permissible under
Applicable Law. The obligations of the Pledgor under this Section 9(c) shall survive any
termination of this Agreement.

(d) The Pledgor further agrees to waive any and all rights of subrogation it may have
against an Obligor upon the sale or sales or dispositions of any portion or all of the Pledged
Collateral until all of the Secured Obligations (other than surviving contingent obligations) have
been paid in full.

Section 10. Further Assurances. The Pledgor agrees that at any time and from time to
time, upon the written request of the Mezzanine Security Agent, the Pledgor will execute and
deliver all stock powers, financing statements and such further documents and do such further
acts and things as the Mezzanine Security Agent may reasonably request consistent with the
provisions hereof in order to effect the purposes of this Agreement.

Section 11. Severability. Any provision of this Agreement which is prohibited or
unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such
prohibition or unenforceability, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction
shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

Section 12. No Waiver: Cumulative Remedies. The Mezzanine Security Agent shall not
by any act, delay, omission or otherwise be deemed to have waived any of its remedies on behalf
of the Mezzanine Secured Parties hereunder, and no waiver by the Mezzanine Security Agent
shall be valid unless in writing and signed by the Mezzanine Security Agent and then only to the
extent therein set forth. A waiver by the Mezzanine Security Agent of any right or remedy
hereunder on any one occasion shall not be construed as a bar to any right or remedy which the
Mezzanine Security Agent would otherwise have on any further occasion. No course of dealing
between the Pledgor and the Mezzanine Security Agent and no failure to exercise, nor any delay
in exercising on the part of the Mezzanine Security Agent of any right, power or privilege
hereunder or under the Mezzanine Finance Documents shall impair such right or remedy or
operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or

6084400724 -10-



===== page 32 =====
privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other
right, power or privilege. The rights and remedies herein provided are cumulative and may be
exercised singly or concurrently, and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by
Applicable Law.

Section 13. Successors. This Agrcement and all obligations of the Pledgor hereunder
shall be binding upon its successors and assigns, and shall, together with the rights and remedies
of Mezzanine Security Agent hereunder, inure to the benefit of the Mezzanine Security Agent on
behalf of the Mezzanine Secured Parties and its successors and assigns, except that the Pledgor
shall not have any right to assign its obligations under this Agreement or any interest herein
without the prior written consent of the Mezzanine Security Agent.

Section 14. Termination. This Agreement and the liens and security interests granted
hereunder shall terminate upon the earlier of (a) the indefeasible full and complete performance
and satisfaction of the Secured Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations),
and (b) the sale, assignment, conveyance or other disposition of the Pledged Shares, or the
release of Pledgor’s guarantee of the Secured Obligations, in each case in accordance with the
Mezzanine Finance Documents, and promptly thereafter, the Mezzanine Security Agent shall
surrender the certificates evidencing the Pledged Shares to the Pledgor.

Section 15. Possession of Pledged Collateral. Beyond the exercise of reasonable care to
assure the safe custody of the Pledged Collateral in the physical possession of the Mezzanine
Security Agent pursuant hereto, neither the Mezzanine Security Agent nor any nominee of the
Mezzanine Security Agent shall have any duty or liability to collect any sums due in respect
thereof or to protect, preserve or exercise any rights pertaining thereto, and shall be relieved of
all responsibility for the Pledged Collateral upon surrendering them to the Pledgor.

Section 16. Survival of Representations. All representations and warranties of the
Pledgor contained in this Agreement shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement.

Section 17. Intentionally Omitted,

Section 18. Mezzanine Security Agent Appointed Attorney-In-Fact. In addition to any
other appointments under the Mezzanine Finance Documents, the Pledgor hereby irrevocably
appoints the Mezzanine Security Agent as the Pledgor’s attorney-in-fact, effective upon the
occurrence of an Event of Default, with full authority in the place and stead of the Pledgor and in
the name of the Pledgor or otherwise, from time to time in the Mezzanine Security Agent’s
discretion, to take any action and to execute any instrument necessary to accomplish the
purposes of this Agreement, including, without limitation, to receive, endorse and collect all
instruments made payable to the Pledgor representing any dividend, interest payment or other
distribution in respect of the Pledged Collateral or any part thereof and to give full discharge for
the same, when and to the extent permitted by this Agreement.

Section 19. Notices. Each of the Pledgor and the Mezzanine Security Agent
acknowledges that Clause 35 (Notices) of the Mezzanine Facilities Agreement applies to this
Agreement.

Section 20. Consent to Jurisdiction and Service of Process. WITH RESPECT TO ANY
ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE PLEDGOR

608440072.4 -11-



===== page 33 =====
SHALL AND HEREBY DOES SUBMIT TO THE NON EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF
THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK AND THE FEDERAL COURTS OF THE
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA LOCATED IN NEW YORK COUNTY, IN THE STATE OF
NEW YORK (AND ANY APPELLATE COURTS TAKING APPEALS THEREFROM). THE
PLEDGOR HEREBY WAIVES AND AGREES NOT TO ASSERT, AS A DEFENSE IN ANY
ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS
AGREEMENT, (A) THAT IT IS NOT SUBJECT TO SUCH JURISDICTION OR THAT
SUCH ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING MAY NOT BE BROUGHT OR IS NOT
MAINTAINABLE IN THOSE COURTS OR THAT THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE
OTHER MEZZANINE FINANCE DOCUMENTS MAY NOT BE ENFORCED IN OR BY
THOSE COURTS OR THAT IT IS EXEMPT OR IMMUNE FROM EXECUTION, (B) THAT
THE ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING IS BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM,
OR (C) THAT THE VENUE OF THE ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING IS IMPROPER. IN
THE EVENT ANY SUCH ACTION, SUIT, PROCEEDING OR LITIGATION IS
COMMENCED, THE PLEDGOR AGREES THAT SERVICE OF PROCESS MAY BE MADE,
AND PERSONAL JURISDICTION OVER THE PLEDGOR OBTAINED, BY SERVICE OF A
COPY OF THE SUMMONS, COMPLAINT AND OTHER PLEADINGS REQUIRED TO
COMMENCE SUCH LITIGATION UPON THE PLEDGOR AT THE ADDRESS OF THE
PLEDGOR AND TO THE ATTENTION OF SUCH PERSON AS SET FORTH IN SECTION
19.

No claim may be made by the Pledgor against the Mezzanine Security Agent, its
affiliates and its directors, officers, employees, or attorneys for any special, indirect or
consequential damages (“Special Damages”) in respect of any breach or wrongful conduct
(whether the claim therefor is based on contract, tort or duty imposed by law) in connection with,
arising out of, or in any way related to the transactions contemplated or relationship established
by this Agreement, or any act, omission or event occurring in connection herewith or therewith;
and to the fullest extent permitted by law the Pledgor hereby waives, releases and agrees not to
sue upon any such claim for Special Damages, whether or not accrued and whether or not known
or suspected to exist in its favor.

Section 21. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY
WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT
If MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY
OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS
AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE OTHER MEZZANINE FINANCE DOCUMENTS AND
AGREES THAT ANY SUCH LITIGATION SHALL BE TRIED ONLY BY A COURT AND
NOT A JURY. EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE,
AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HERETO HAS REPRESENTED,
EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE
EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B)
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN
INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN
DOCUMENTS, AS APPLICABLE, BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL
WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.

Section 22. Applicable Law. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND.
OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED

608440072.4 -12-



===== page 34 =====
IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND BE GOVERNED BY THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW
YORK (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE
GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF SAID STATE).

Section 24. Changes in Writing. This Agreement may be amended only as provided in
Section 36 of the Mezzanine Facilities Agreement, and then only to the extent specifically set
forth in such writing.

Section 25, Headings. Section and subsection headings in this Agreement are included
herein for convenience of reference only and shalt not constitute a part of this Agreement for any
other purpose or be given any substantive effect.

Section 26. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument and any of
the parties hereto may execute this Agreement by signing any such counterpart. Signatures
delivered by electronic methods shall have the same effect as signatures delivered in person.

Section 27. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions.

(a) Defined Terms. For purposes of this Section 27, capitalized terms used
herein and not otherwise defined shall have the following meanings:

“Bail-In Action” means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers
by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an EEA
Financial Institution.

“Bail-In Legislation” means, with respect to any EEA Member Country
implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the
Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country
from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule.

“EEA Financial Institution” means (a) any credit institution or investment firm
established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA
Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a
parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial
institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution
described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision
with its parent;

“EEA Member Country” means any of the member states of the European Union,
Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.

“EEA Resolution Authority” means any public administrative authority or any
person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country
(including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial
Institution.

“EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule
published by the Loan Market Association {or any successor person), as in effect from

6084400724 -13-



===== page 35 =====
time to time.

“Write-Down and Conversion Powers” means, with respect to any EEA
Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution
Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA
Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU
Bail-In Legislation Schedule.

(b) Acknowledgement and Consent. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in any Mezzanine Finance Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or

understanding among any such parties, cach party hereto acknowledges that any liability
of any EEA Financial Institution arising under any Mezzanine Finance Document, to the
extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion
powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges
and agrees to be bound by:

{i) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an
EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be
payable to it by any party hereto that is an EEA Financial Institution; and

Gi) the effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if
applicable:

(A) _ areduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such
liability;

(B) — aconversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares
or other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution, its
parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or
otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of
ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any
such liability under this Agreement or any other Mezzanine Finance
Document, or

(C) _ the variation of the terms of such liability in connection
with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of any EEA
Resolution Authority.

SECTION 28. Second Priority Nature of Liens. Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, the lien and security interest granted to the Mezzanine Security Agent pursuant to this —
Agreement shall be a second lien on and security interest in the Pledged Collateral and the
exercise of any right or remedy by the Mezzanine Security Agent hereunder is subject to the
provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the terms of the
Intercreditor Agreement and this Agreement, the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement shall
govern and control. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, prior to the Senior
Discharge Date, the requirements of this Agreement to deliver the Pledged Collateral to the
Mezzanine Security Agent shall be deemed satisfied by delivery of such Pledged Collateral to
the Senior Security Agent.

6084400724 ~14-



===== page 36 =====
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Stock Pledge Agreement
to be duly executed and delivered as of the day and year first above written.

PLEDGOR:

ALPHA FINANCIAL MARKETS CONSULTING
GROUP LIMITED

By:

Name:
Title:

MEZZANINE SECURITY AGENT:
BEECHBROOK MEZZANINE II JERSEY LIMITED

By:
Name:

Title: |

Signature Page to Stock Pledge Agreement
6084400724



===== page 37 =====
ACKNOWLEDGMENT

The undersigned hereby (a) acknowledges receipt of a copy of the foregoing
Stock Pledge Agreement (the “Pledge Agreement”), (b) waives any rights or requirement at any
time hereafter to receive a copy of such Pledge Agreement in connection with the registration of
any Pledged Shares or any other Pledged Collateral (as such terms are defined therein) in the
name of the Mezzanine Security Agent or its nominee or the exercise of voting rights by the
Mezzanine Security Agent, and (c) agrees promptly to note on its books and records the grant of
the security interest in the stock of the undersigned as provided in such Pledge Agreement,
including the following legend:

PURSUANT TO THAT CERTAIN STOCK PLEDGE AGREEMENT DATED AS OF
MARCH , 2016 (AS FROM TIME TO TIME AMENDED, RESTATED,
SUPPLEMENTED OR OTHERWISE MODIFIED), ALPHA FINANCIAL MARKETS
CONSULTING GROUP LIMITED HAS, UNDER THE CIRCUMSTANCES
SPECIFIED IN SUCH PLEDGE AGREEMENT, EMPOWERED LLOYDS BANK
PLC, IN ITS CAPACITY AS MEZZANINE SECURITY AGENT, TO VOTE THE
SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SUCH STOCK
PLEDGE AGREEMENT.

Dated: March » 2016

ALPHA FINANCIAL MARKETS
CONSULTING, INC.

By:
Name:
Title:

Signature Page to Acknowledgment to Stock Pledge Agreement
608440072.4



===== page 38 =====
Exhibit A

to Stock Pledge Agreement

‘Assuer = | Class of | Certificate | Number of %of
: ° Shares: . |-No. - Shares" Outstanding ©-
23 wee : -- Class Shares
Alpha Financial Class A 2 10,000 100
Markets Voting
Consulting, Inc. Common
Stock

608440072.4



===== page 39 =====
Exhibit B
to Stock Pledge Agreement

STOCK POWER

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, ALPHA FINANCIAL MARKETS
CONSULTING GROUP LIMITED, a company organized under the laws of England and
Wales (“Grantor”), does hereby sell, assign and transfer to
* all of its Equity Interests (as hereinafter defined)
represented by Certificate No(s). * in ALPHA FINANCIAL MARKETS
CONSULTING, INC., a New York corporation (“ssuer”) standing in the name of Grantor on
the books of said Issuer. Grantor does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint
*_ as attorney, to transfer the Equity Interests in said Issuer with
full power of substitution in the premises. The term “Equity Interest” means any security, share,
unit, partnership interest, membership interest, ownership interest, equity interest, option,
warrant, participation, “equity security” (as such term is defined in Rule 3(a)11-1 of the General
Rules and Regulations of the Securitics Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any similar
statute then in effect, promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission and any
successor thereto) or analogous interest (regardless of how designated) of or in a corporation,
partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company, business trust or other entity, of
whatever nature, type, series or class, whether voting or nonvoting, certificated or uncertificated,
common or preferred, and all rights and privileges incident thereto.

Dated:

GRANTOR:

ALPHA FINANCIAL MARKETS CONSULTING
GROUP LIMITED

By:
Name:
Title:

“To Remain Blank

6084400724

