

===== page 1 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited

Annual report and financial statements

Registered number 07160664
31 March 2020

‘

7

Tu

i

eAAOT: | |

18/03/2021 #176.
COMPANIES HOUSE. i

THURSDAY

A


===== page 2 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Contents

Company information
Strategic report

Directors’ report

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the Directors’ report and the financial statements.
Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Profit and loss account .

Balance sheet

Statement of changes in equity

Notes

SowmryrbvaA YN


===== page 3 =====
Company Information

Directors

Company ‘number

Registered office

Auditor

Banker

ENB Fraser
NS Curham
BLantorp
IC Paton

07160664

60 Gresham Street
London
EC2V 7BB

KPMG LLP
St Nicholas House
31 Park Row
Nottingham

NGI 6FQ

HSBC Bank UK.
71 Queen Victoria Street
London

ECAV 4AY

Page |

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020


===== page 4 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Strategic report

Business review

‘The Company functions as an intermediate holding entity within the wider Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc group (the ‘Group’ At 31 March
2020 the Company holds net assets of £8,478,000 cry! 19: £9,165,000). The Company has transferred a profit of £6,500,000 (FY 19: £17,945,000) to
retained earnings as a result of intercompany dividend income received from the Company's subsidiaries, offset by costs relating to the acquisition in
the period of Obsidian Solutions Limited (‘Obsidian’),

Future developments

‘The Company is expected to continue to operate as an intermediate holding company for the Group. No other future developments are foreseen by the
Directors al the balance sheet date.

Key performance indicators

‘Working capital management and the sufficiency of assets held across the Group is the primary indicator which is reviewed on a weekly basis to
monitor cashflow, liquidity and the recovery of trade receivables.

Each month the Directors review the management accounts for each Group undertaking and compare actual performance against budget. Costs and
utilisation are also reviewed to monitor profitability.

Principal risks and uncertainties

‘The performance of the Company in the short-term is subject to uncertainty arising from the macro-economic impact of the COVID-19 outbreak.
However, as a holding company for the Group there is deemed to be a strong balance sheet and net assets position going into the outbreak.
Management continue to operate conservative cash management policies, which have been supplemented by strategic decisions made by the wider
Group to safeguard liquidity during the pandemic, including the delay of profit share payments to employees, and delays to all but
essential recruitment processes in the short-term, The Group is supportive of the liquidity and financial position of the Company. The
ied with performance for the year.

Risk Management and the impact of COVID-19
‘The Directors note that the World Health Organisation declared a pandemic relating to COVID-19 on 11 March 2020, and social distancing measures
‘were introduced in the UK during March 2020. The Directors have therefore considered the impact of the pandemic on the Companys operations,
with a focus primarily on the Company's going concem assessment, forward looking forecasts and recoverability of assets, including trade receivables
‘and intercompany funding to other Group entities.

‘The Directors have taken mitigating actions des
balance sheet and maintain a strong liquidity posit
essential recruitment processes in the short-term.
Further, the Group has taken the decision not to pay a final dividend for the year ended 31 March 2020 in order to protect the Group's cash position in
the short-term. The Group's revolving credit facility (RCF) has also been extended in June 2020 to provide additional liquidity headroom to the Group
in light of uncertainty in the market in the short-term.

1ed to manage the risk and reflect the uncertainty associated with the pandemic and protect the
fion. Actions taken include the delay of profit share payments to employees, and delays to all but

‘The Directors and the executive team continue to monitor the geopolitical developments surrounding the UK's decision to leave the European Union
("Brexit") closely. The Company has assessed that Brexit has not had a material direct impact on its ongoing growth and development of the business,
given arrangements between the UK and EU countries, and its network of offices across Europe. The impact of Brexit on the business has been a short-
term delay to client decision making, which is not expected to have any adverse effects over the medium term. The impact of Brexit has been
overshadowed in recent months by the emergence of a major severe macro-economic crisis associate with COVID-19 as above. The Company is
conscious that this position may change, and unexpected new challenges could arise that affect this risk assessment, including the broader impact that
Brexit has on the UK economy as a whole,

RY 20 is the financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2020. By comparison, FY 19 is the previous financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2019:
‘and FY 21 is the subsequent financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2021.

Page 2


===== page 5 =====
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
. 31 March 2020

Directors’ report

‘The Directors present their report and the audited financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2020.

Principal activities

‘The principal activity of the Company is that of a holding company.

Results and dividend

‘The results for the year are set out in the attached profit and loss account.

‘An interim dividend payment totalling £7,187,000 was made to the Company's sole shareholder, Alpha FMC Group Limited (FY 19: £24,568,000). to
facilitate the payment of the Group dividend made by the Companys ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple, to its shareholders.
‘This dividend was facilitated in part by the receipt in the year of a dividend totalling £10,000,000 from the Company's directly owned subsidiary,
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited. The Directors have not recommended the payment of a final dividend (FY 19: £nil).

On 5 June 2019, the Company's ultimate parent company, Alpha Financial Markels Consulting Plc, acquired 100% of the share capital and voting
interests of Axxsys Limited and subsidiaries. Axxsys has provided specialised management consultancy and technology implementation services to the
investment management industry since 2003. The Company has recognised liabilities on behalf of the Group associated with the deferred
consideration and eamout of this acquisition in the year ended 31 March 2020, as ownership of Axxsys Limited and subsidiaries has passed to the
Company in FY 21.

In addition to Axxsys Limited, the Company acquired 100% of the issued share capital of Obsidian Solutions Limited on 9 November 2019. Obsidian
provides specialised software products to the investment management industry.

For further information on the likely future developments of the business, please refer to the Strategic repon.

Directors
The Directors who held office during the year were as follows:

ENB Fraser
NS Curham
B Lantorp
JC Paton

Political contributions
‘The Company made no political donations or incurred any political expenditure during the year.

Engagement with suppliers and customers

‘The Directors note the importance of fostering strong relationships with the Companys customers and suppliers through open communication and
having regard for these relationships in strategic decisions made relating to the Company.

Disclosure of information to auditor L

The Directors who held office at the date of approval of this Directors’ report confirm that, so far as they are each aware, there is no relevant audit
information of which the Company's auditor is unaware; and each Director has taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as a Director to make
themselves aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the Company's auditor is aware of that information.

Auditor
Pursuant to Section 487 of the Companiga Act 2006, the auditor will be deemed to be reappointed and KPMG LLP will therefore continue in office.

15 March 2021

Page 3


===== page 6 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the Strategic report and the Directors’ report
and the financial statements

‘The Directors are responsible for preparing the Strategic Report, the Directors’ Report and the financial statements in accordance with applicable law
and regulations.

Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for cach financial year. Under that law they have elected to prepare the financial,
statements in accordance with UK accounting standards and applicable taw (UK Generally Accepted Accounting Practice), including FRS 101
Reduced Disclosure Framework,

Under company law the Directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of
affairs of the company and of the profit or loss of the Company for that period. In preparing these financial statements, the directors are required to:

* select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently:
‘+ make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent;
* state whether applicable UK accounting standards have been followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and
‘explained in the financial statements;
* assess the Company's ability to continue as a going concem, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concer: and
++ use the going concem basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations or have no realistic
alternative but to do so. ‘

‘The Directors are responsible for keeping edequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the Company's transactions and disclose
with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the
Companies Act 2006. They are responsible for such intemal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements
that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have general responsibility for taking such sieps as arc reasonably open to
them to safeguard the assets of the Company and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.

Page 4


===== page 7 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group
Limited

Opinion
We have audited the financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited (“the Company”) for the year ended 31 March 2020
which comprise the profit and loss account, balance sheet and statement of changes in equity and related notes, including the accounting policies in

note 1. +
In our opinion the financial statements: ‘

+ givea tre and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs as at 31 March 2020 and of its profit for the year then ended;

* have been properly prepared in accordance with UK accounting standards, including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework; and
‘+ have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Intemational Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)") and applicable law. Our responsibilities are
described below. We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and are independent of the Company in accordance with, UK ethical
requirements including the FRC Ethical Standard. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis for our
opinion.

Going concern
‘The Directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concer basis as they do not intend to liquidate the Company or to cease its
operations, and as they have concluded that the Company's financial position means that this is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no
‘material uncertainties that could have cast significant doubt over its ability to continue as a going concem for at least a year from the date of approval
of the financial statements (“the going concem period”).

‘We are required to report to you if we have concluded that the use of the going concem basis of accounting is inappropriate or there is an undisctosed
‘material uncertainty that may cast significant doubt over the use of that basis for a period of at least a year from the date of approval of the financial
statements. In our evaluation of the Directors’ conclusions, we considered the inherent risks to the Company's business model and analysed how
those risks might affect the Company’s financial resources or ability to continue operations over the going concem period, We have nothing to report
in these respects.

However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in outcomes that are inconsistent with judgements
that were reasonable at the time they were made, the absence of reference to a material uncertainty in this auditor's report is not a guarantee that the
Company will continue in operation.

Strategic report and Directors’ report

‘The Directors are responsible for the Strategic report and the Directors’ report. Our opinion on the financial statements docs not cover those reports
and we do not express an audit opinion thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the Strategic report and the Directors" report and, in doing so, consider whether, based on our financial statements audit
work, the information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with the financial statements or our audit knowledge. Based solely on that work:

* we have not identified material misstatements in the Strategic report and the Directors’ report;
* in our opinion the information given in those reports forthe financial year is consistent with the financial statements; and
* in our opinion those reports have been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception
Under the Companies Act 2006 we arc required to report to you if, in our opinion:
+ adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received from branches not visited by
us; oF
+ the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or
+ certain disclosures of Directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or
+ we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit.

We have nothing to report in these respects.

Directors’ responsibilities
‘As explained more filly in their statement set out on page 4, the Directors are responsible for: the preparation of the financial statements and for being
satisfied that they give a true and fair view; such internal contro! as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that,
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; assessing the Company's ability to continue as a going concer, disclosing, as
applicable, matters related to going concem; and using the going concem basis of accounting tinless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to
‘cease opcrations, or lave no realistic alternative but to do so.

Page $


===== page 8 =====
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
3) March 2020

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group
Limited (continued)

Auditor’s responsibilities

‘Our objectives areto obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether dué
to fraud or error, and to issue our opinion in an auditor's report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but does not guarantee that an
audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will alvays detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
‘and are considered material if individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on
the basis of the Financial statements.

‘A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC’s website at www fic.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities.
‘The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities

‘This report is made solely to the Company's members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of tke Companies Act 2006, Our audit work
has been undertaken so that we might state to the Company's members thosc matters we arc required to stato them in an auditor's report and for no
‘other purposc. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility m anyone other than the Company and the
Company's members. as a body. for our audit work, for this report. or forthe opinions we have formed.

ax

Craig Parkin (Senior Statutory Auditor) .
for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Avditor .
‘Chartered Accountants

‘St Nicholas House

31 Park Row

‘Nottingham

NGI 6FQ

16 March 2021

Page 6


===== page 9 =====
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements.

31 March 2020
Profit & loss account
‘for the year ended 31 March 2020
Note FY 20 FY19
£000 £000
‘Administrative expenses 2 (2,549) (298)
Operating loss (2,549) (298)
Interest payable and similar expenses 051) 2)
Income from shares in Group undertakings 10,000 18,265
Profit before taxation 6,500 17,945
Taxation 5 : -
Profit for the financial year 6,500 17.945

‘There were no recognised gains or losses in either the current or preceding year other than those disclosed in the profit and loss account, and therefore
‘no separate statement of other comprehensive income has been presented.

Page 7


===== page 10 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements

31 Mareh 2020
Balance sheet
As at 31 March 2020 .
Asat, Asat
Note 31 March 2020 31 March 2019
£000 £000 £000 £000
Non-current assets
Goodwill 6 - 784
Investments 1 2811 14,219
22,811 . 15,003
Current assets
Debtors 8 28,173 16,463,
Cash at bank and in hand 136 146
25,309 . . 16,609
Current liabilities
Creditors: amounts falling due within one year 9 62,778) 22.213)
32,778) (22,213)
Net current liabilities (7,469) 6,604)
Total assets less current liabilities 15.342 9.399
Non-current liabilities .
Creditors: amounts falling due after one year . 10 (6,864) (234)
Net assets 0478 9,165
Capital and reserves
Called up share capital uW 6,051 6,051
Share premium account n 1437 1,437
Capital contributions reserve n n
Other reserves 137 137
Profit and loss account 781 1,468
Shareholders! funds 8,478 9,165

these financial statements. These financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of
signed on its behalf by:

The notes on pages 10-17 form pa
15 March 2021. They/

John C Paton

istered number: 07160664. .

Page 8


===== page 11 =====
Statement of changes in equity

As at I April 2018

Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit for the period

‘Transactions with owners
Dividends

Consideration to be paid in equity

Balance at 31 March 2019

As at 1 April 2019,
Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit for the period

Transactions with owners

Dividends

Consideration to be paid in equity

Balance at 31 March 2020

‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements.

31 March 2020
Called up Share Capital

share premium contributions Other Profit and Total
capital account reserve reserves loss account Sharchotders'
funds

2000 2000 2000 2000 £000 £000
6051 1,437 n 6 8,091 15,727
- - - - 17,945 + 17,945

- - - - (24,568). (24,568)

: : - 6 - 61
6051 437 n 137 1,468 9,165
6,051 1,437 n 137 1,468 9,165
- - - - 6,500 6,500

- - - : (7,187) (7,187)
6051 1,437 2 137 731 8,478

Page 9


===== page 12 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Notes
(forming part of the financial statements)

1 Accounting policies
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited (the Company”) is a company limited by shares, domiciled and registered in the UK. The
registered number is 07160664 and the registered address is 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB.

‘These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework (“FRS 101”.

‘The Company is exempt by virtue of Section 400 of the Companies Act 2006 from the requirement to prepare Group financial statements. These
financial statements present information about the Company as an individual and not about its Group.

|In preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement and disclosure requirements of Intemational Financial
Reporting Standards as edopted by the BU (“Adopted IFRSs"), but makes amendments where necessary in order to comply with Companies Act 2006
and has set out below where advantage of the FRS 101 disclosure exemptions has been taken.

‘The Company's parent undertaking, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Pl, includes the Company in its consolidated financial statements. The
‘consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple are available to the public and may be oblained from 60 Gresham Street,
London, EC2V 7BB, or the website investors.alphafme.com.

In these financial statements, the Company has applied the exemptions avaitable under FRS 101 in respect ofthe following disclosures:
+ A.cash flow statement and related notes;
+ comparative period reconciliations for share capital, tangible fixed assets, intangible assets and investment properties;
+ disclosures in respect of transactions with wholly owned subsidiaries,
+ disclosures in respect of capital management; ‘
+ the effects of new but not yet effective IFRSs; :
+ disclosures in respect of the compensation of Key Mariagement Personnel; and
+ disclosures of transactions with a management entity that provides key management personnel services to the Company.
As the consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc include the equivalent disclosures, the Company has also taken
the exemptions under FRS 101 available in respect of the following disclosures:
+ IFRS 2 Share Based Payments in respect of Group settled share based payments; and
+ Certain disclosures required by IFRS 16 Leases in relation to disclosure of the Companys leasing activities.
+ Certain disclosures required by IFRS 3 Business Combinations in respect of business combinations undertaken by the Company.

The accounting policies set out below have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods presented in these financial statements.
“There are no judgements made by the Directors, in the application of thesé accounting policies that have significant effect on the financial statements
and estimates with a significant risk of material adjustment in the next year

LI Measurement convention

The financial statements are prepared on the historical cost basis

12 Going concern

Notwithstanding net current liabilities of £7,469,000 as at 31 March 2020 the finan
the Directors consider to be appropriate for the following reasons.

‘concem basis which

statements have been prepared on a g

‘The Directors have prepared cash flow forecasts for a period of 12 months from the date of approval of these financial statements which indicate that,
taking account of reasonably possible downsides, the Company will have sufficient funds, through funding from its ultimate parent company, Alpha
Financial Markets Consulting Ple, to meet its liabilities as they fall due for that period.

‘Those forecasts are dependent on Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Pte not secking repayment of the amounts currently due to the group, which at
31 March 2020 amounted to £29,162,000, and providing additional financial support during that period. Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc has
indicated its intention to continue to make available such funds as are needed by the Company, and that it does not intend to seek repayment of the
‘amounts due at the balance sheet date, for the period covered by the forecasts. As with any company placing reliance on other group entities for
financial support, the Directors acknowledge that there can be no certainty that this support will continue although, at the date of approval of these
financial statements, they have no reason to believe that it will not do so.

Consequently, the directors are confident that the Company will have sufficient funds to continue to meet its liabilities as they fall due for at least 12
months from the date of approval ofthe financial statements and therefore have prepared the financial statements on a going concem basis.

Impact of COVID - 19
‘The Directors note that the World Health Organisation declared a pandemic relating to COVID-19 on 11 March 2020, and social distancing measures
were introduced in the UK during March 2020. Therefore, the Directors have considered the significance of the economic ramifications of the virus
before the end of the Company's financial year and its potential effect on the financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2020. In particular, the
Directors have assessed the impact of incorporating additional COVID-19 risk factors in applying downside sensitivities in the going concer
assessment over a period of 12 months after the signing of these financial statements. The Directors have also considered the impact of the pandemic
‘on the expected credit loss calculation on the Company's intercompany receivables,

‘The Company's forecasts and projections, taking into account reasonable estimate of a possible downturn in trading performance arising from the
COVID-19 outbreak, show that the Company has sufficient financial resources to continue in operation for at least 12 months on the basis that other
Group entities do not demand repayment of the Companys intercompany loans as disclosed above. The Company also has access to additional funding
through other Group entities, via the Group's revolving credit facility and the strength of the Group's cash position at 31 March 2020. Accordingly, the
Directors have adopted the going concem basis in preparing these financial statements.

Page 10


===== page 13 =====
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Notes (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)

13 Foreign currency
‘Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the Company's functional currencies at the foreign exchange rate ruling at the date of the
transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the balance sheet date are retranslated to the functional currency at the
forcign exchange rate ruling at that date. Non-monctary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a forcign currency are
translated using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction, Non-monetary assets'and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are stated at
fair value are retranslated to the functional currency at foréign exchange rates ruling at the dates the fair value was determined. Foreign exchange
differences arising on translation are recognised in the profit and loss.

4 . Financial instruments .

‘The Company uses financial instruments comprising cash and cash equivalents, preference shares, loan notes and other short-torm instruments, such
as trade payables that arise from its operations, The main purpose of these financial instruments is to fund the Group's business strategy and working
capital requirements,

Accounting policies in respect of financial instruments are outlined below.

Financial assets

Financial assets are initially measured at fair value plus or minus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction
costs. The Company has not reclassified any financial asscts subsequent to initial recognition as at the balance sheet date. Reclassification of classes of
financial assets is accounted for prospectively in accordance with IFRS 9, where this is required. Any difference on reclassification from amortised
cost to fair value through profit or loss is recognised in the profit and loss at the reclassification date.

Financial assets are assessed at each reporting date to determine a lifetime expected credit loss that reflects the credit risk associated with the portfolio
of assets. A financial asset is impaired in line with the simplified approach under IFRS 9 which uses a lifetime expected toss allowance.

‘An impairment loss in respect of a financial assct measured at amortised cost is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the
present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the asset's original effective interest rate, For financial instruments measured at cost less
impairment, impairment is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the best estimate of the amount that the Company would
receive for the asset if it were to be sold at the reporting date, Interest on the impairment asset continues to be recognised through the unwinding of the
discount. Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. When a subsequent event causes the amount of the impairment to decrease, the decrease
in impairment loss is reversed through statement of comprehensive income.

Amounts owed by Group undertakings

Amounts owed by Group undertakings arc recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less provision for
impairment. A provision for impairment of intercompany receivables is established using an expected credit loss model. The Group classifies all
intercompany receivables that form a part of the normal trading cycle of the Group as current, as well as non-trading balances where the counterparty
has sufficient resources to settle the balance within a twelve month period from the balance sheet date. All other amounts owed by Group underiakings
arc considered as non-current assets. This represents a change in accounting policy in the year. All balances were considered current in the
comparative period.

Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and call deposits and are recorded and subsequently measured at amortised cost in line with IFRS
9% :

Financial liabilities

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial ies designated upon initial
recognition as at fair value through profit or loss. Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are acquired for the purpose of selling in
the near term. This category includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Company that are not designated as hedging instruments in
hedge relationships as defined by IFRS 9. As at 31 March 2020, the Company had no such financial liabilities.

Other financial liabilities held by the Group are recognised at amortised cost.

Amounts owed to Group undertakings

‘Amounts owed to Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost.

Other creditors

Other creditors are recognised initially at fair value. Subsequent to
method.

ial recognition they are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest

Investments in subsidiaries
Investments in subsidiaries are carried at cost less impairment.

Interest-bearing borrowings

Interest-bearing borrowings are recognised initially at fair value less attributable transaction casts, Subsequent to initial recognition, interest-bearing,
borrowings are stated at amortised cost using the effeetive interest method, less any impairment losses.

LS Impairment

Financial assets (excluding trade and other debtors)

A financial asset not carried at fair value through profit or loss is assessed at each reporting date to determine whether there is objective evidence that
it is impaired. A financial asset is impaired if objective evidence indicates thet a loss event has occurred after the initial recognition of the asset, and
that the loss event had a negative effect on the estimated future cash flows of that asset that can be estimated reliably.

Page 11


===== page 14 =====
Markets Consulting Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Notes (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)

LS Impairment (continued)
‘An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured at amortised cost is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the
present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the asset's original effective interest rate. For financial instruments measured at cost less
impairment an impairment is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the best estimate of the amount that the Company would
receive for the asset if it were to be sold at the reporting date. Interest on the impaired asset continues to be recognised through the unwinding of the
discount. When a subsequent event causes the amount of impairment loss to decrease, the decrease in impairment loss is reversed through profit or
loss.

Non-financial assets . :

‘The carrying amounts of the entity's non-financial assets, other than deferred tax assets, are reviewed al each reporting date to determine whether there
‘any indication of impairment. Ifany such indication exists, then the assets" recoverable amount is estimated. The recoverable amount of an asset or
ccash-generating unit is the greater of its value in usc and its fair value, less costs to sell. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are
discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount ratc that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific
to the asset. .

For the purposes of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates
independent cash inflows (the “cash-generating unit”); that is, cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of
other assels or groups of assets.

An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable amount. Impairment losses are
recognised in profit or loss. Impairment losses recognised in respect of CGUs are allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill
allocated to the units and, then, to reduce the carrying amounts of other assets in the’ unit (or group of units) on a pro-rata basis.

‘An impairment loss is reversed if and only ifthe reasons for the impairment have ceased to apply.

‘Impairment losses recognised in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indication that the logs has decreased or no longer exists. An
impairment loss is only reversed to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined,
net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

16 Provisions

A provision is recognised in the balance sheet when the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result ofa past event, that can be
reliably measured and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation. Provisions are determined by
discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects risks specific to the liability.

17 Taxation

Tax on the profit or loss for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the profit and loss account except to the extent that it
relates to items recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive income, in which case itis recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive
income.

‘Current tax is the expected tax payable or reccivable on the taxable income or loss for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the
balance sheet date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

Deferred tax is provided using the balance sheet liability method, providing for temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. The amount of deferred tax provided is based on the expected
‘manner of realisation or settlement of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet
date. :

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient
taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a tegally
enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities, and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority
and the Company intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

110 ‘New accounting standards and interpretations
The International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) have issued the following standards and
interpretations which are now effective:

* IFRS 16 Leases (IFRS 16); and

+ IFRIC 23 Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments (IFRIC 23)
‘The Directors reviewed the nature and effect that these new standards have had on the Company and do not believe that the impact is material. These
standards have been adopted by the Company:
IFRS 16 - Leases (effective for periods commencing on or after 1 January 2019)
IFRS 16 Leases is effective for periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019 and is therefore applicable to the current period. This standard replaces
accounting treatment for leases previously depicted in TAS 17. IFRS 16 introduced a single tessee accounting model whereby a lessee is required to

recognise a right-of-use asset and a lease liability forall leases with a term of more than 12 months. The depreciation on the right-of-use asset will be
accounted for separately from the interest expense incurred on the lease liability in the income statement.

‘There has been no impact in these financial statements from the implementation of IFRS 16, as the Company did not hold leases in the current or prior
year. :

Page 12


===== page 15 =====
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Notes (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)
IFRIC 23 - Uncertainty Over Income Tax Treatments (effective for periods commencing on or after 1 January 2019)

‘The IFRIC 23 “Uncertainty Over Income Tax Treatments’ interpretation is effective for accounting periods beginning on or after | January 2019 and
provides further clarification on how to apply the recognition and measurement requirements in IAS 12 ‘Income Taxes".

IFRIC 23 has not had a material impact on the financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2020.

There are no accounting standards that are not yet effective that would be expected to have a material impact on the Company in the current or next
reporting periods.

2 Auditor's remuneration

Auditor's remuneration:

FY 20 FYI9
£000 £000

Audit of these financial statements

‘Amounts receivable by the Company's auditor and its associates in respect of services to the Company and its associates, other than the audit of the
‘Company's financial statements, have not been disclosed as the information is required instead (o be disclosed on a consolidated basis in the
consolidated financial statements of the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple.

3 Staff numbers and costs
‘The Company had no employees during the current or prior periods.

4 Directors’ remuneration

‘The Directors of the Company are paid out of other entities within the Group. The Directors believe that the value of their services in respect of the
‘Company, in both the current and prior periods, were negligible and therefore, have not been disclosed.

s Taxation
Recognised in the profit and toss account .
FY 20 FY 19
2000 2000 £000 £000

Current tax
Current tax on income for the period - -
Adjustments in respect of prior periods - -
Total current tax - -
Deferred tax
‘Adjustments in respect of prior periods - -

Reconciliation of effective tax rate

FY20 FY 19
£000 £000
Profit for the year : 6,500 17,945

Total tax expense . - -

Profit excluding taxation : 6,500 17,945
Tax using the UK corporation tax rate of 19% (FY 19: 19%) 1,235 3.410
Income not taxable for tax purposes , < ,940) 8.470)
Non-deductible expenses 708 56
Deferred tax not recognised - a)
Group relief surrendered : 5
Total tax expense . : -

‘The UK corporation tax rate legislation announced is sct to hold the corporation tax rate at 19% for the 2019/20 and 2020/21 tax years. This rate has
been reflected in the calculation of deferred tax for the year ended 31 March 2020. - -

Page 13,


===== page 16 =====
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Notes (continued)

6 Goodwill
FY 20 FY 19
: 2000 £000
Goodwill - 784

‘The Company has reclassified the Goodwill balance held in the prior year to investments in the current period. Refer to note 7 for further details.

7 Fixed asset investments
, Shares in
Group undertakings
‘£000
Cost . ;
ALL April 2018 14,219
Additions .
Disposals . -
ANSI March 2019 14.219
Additions 8,592
Disposals :
At31 March 2020 ’ 22,811

‘The Company's fixed asset investments are all in relation to investments in subsidiaries, The Company holds no tangible fixed assets.

‘Additions during the period relate to the acquisition by the Company of 100% of the share capital of Obsidian Solutions Limited, amounting to an
investment of £7.8m. At the acquisition date the fair value of total consideration transferred or transferable was £15.3m, of which £4.2m relates to
‘base consideration payable at the acquisition date, with an additional £1.8m of deferred consideration payable in FY 21, and contingent consideration
with a fair value of £9.3m at the acquisition date. The fair value of contingent consideration is subject to review ul each reporting period.

Further the Company has reclassified an amount previously held as Goodwill to investments in the current period relating to the historic acquisition of
anow dissolved subsidiary. In a prior year, Goodwill was transferred to the Company, equal to the fair value of the trade and net asset of the
subsidiary at the time of acquisition. This amount was previously classified as Goodwill, however in the current period the Directors consider that this,
‘amount should more appropriately be included as an investment in subsidiary undertakings as the service offering of the dissolved subsidiary was fully
integrated, and is currently trading as a well established practice in the Group.

‘ Class and Class and
. percentage of percentage of
Country of Registered Principal activity shares held- shares held -
Subsidiary undertakings Incorporatior address 31 March 2020 31 March 2019
Alpha Fit ‘ial Marke tir
Sierra Markets Consulting UK 1 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Technol i ult
oe onaainee UK 1 Dormant 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Data Solutions Limited UK 1 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Inc. USA 2 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
ac, hh) France 3 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting S.A. Luxembourg. 4 ‘Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consultn ;
Netherlands BV. 8 Netherlands 5 Consultancy services. 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Ipha Fir i
oon en | Consulting Switzerland 6 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Track Two GmbH Germany 7 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markcts Consulting .
Singapore Pte. Limited Singapore. 8 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting .
Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong. 9 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting .
‘Australia PTY Limited Australia, 10 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Obsidian Solutions Limited UK 1 ‘Consultancy services 100% ordinary na
j : ,
ee Technology Services Consulting France 3 Consultancy services 100% ordinary na
Obsidian Alpha Data Solutions LLC Serbia "oan Consultancy services 100% ordinary nla

Page 14


===== page 17 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2020
Notes (continued)
1 Fixed asset investments (continued) ~
Notes:
1.60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB
2. 575 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY 10017, USA
3. 6 Square de Opera Louis Jouvet, 75008 Paris, France
4, 19/21 route d'Arlon - bloc B, L-8009 Strassen, Luxembourg
S. Spaces Zuidas, Barbara Strozzilaan 101, 1083 HN, Amsterdam, The Netherlands
6. Bleicherweg 10, 8002 Zurich, Switzerland
7. Mergenthalerallee 73-75, 65760 Eschborn, Germany
8. 3A Conway Circle, Singapore 558288
9. 22/F., Neich Tower, 128 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong
10, 383-385 George Street, Sydney NSW 2000
11. Belgrade, Serbia at Bulevar kralja Aleksandra no.52
Profit/(loss) for
the period
‘Subsidiary undertakings : £000
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited 19,170 10,101
Alpha Technology Services Consulting Limited ‘ - :
Alpha Data Solutions Limited (1,081) (874)
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Inc. * 838 2,210
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting S.A.S. 7,701 1175
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting S.A. 1,950 460
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Netherlands B.V. (403) (69)
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Switzerland S.A. a (40)
Track Two GmbH (365) 58
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Singapore Pte. Limited 1,068 231
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Hong Kong Limited (12) 0)
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Australia PTY Limited 24 26
Obsidian Solutions Limited 356 (95)
Alpha Technology Services Consulting S.A.S 44 :
Obsidian Alpha Data Solutions LLC . : :
8 Debtors
FY 20 FY 19
£000 £000
‘Amounts owed by Group undertakings 25,173 16,463
25,173

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are interest free and are repayable on demand.

The Directors are satisfied that all outstanding amounts from subsidiary group undertakings are recoverable. Expected credit loss
in relation to amounts owed by Group undertakings was immaterial in both the current and prior year.

9 Creditors: amounts falling due within one year
‘ FY 20 FY 19
7 £000 £000
Amounts owed to Group undertakings 29,162 21,978
Other creditors 3,616 235
32,778 22,213,

‘Amounts owed to Group undertakings arc either interest-bearing or non interest-bearing depending on the type of the creditor relationship and are
repayable on demand.

Other creditors falling due within one year comprise contingent and non-contingent liabilities relating to the Group's acquisition of 100% of the share
‘capital of Axxsys Consulting Limited and its subsidiaries (Axxsys) and Obsidian Solutions Limited (Obsidian’) in the period. Axxsys is a direct legal
subsidiary to the Company's ultimate parent company Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, but the Axxsys acquisition liability is charged to the
‘Company to align with the wider Group structure and in line with the intention to transfer ownership in Axxsys to the Company in FY 21. Refer to
note 13 for further detail

Page 15


===== page 18 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Notes (continued)

10 Creditors: amounts falling due after more than one year
FY 20 FY19
£000 £000
Other creditors 6,864 234
6,864 234

‘Other creditors falling due after more than one year comprise contingent and non-contingent liabilities relating to the Group's acquisition of 100% of
the share capital of Axxsys Consulting Limited and its subsidiaries (Axxsys’) and Obsidian Solutions Limited (‘Obsidian’) in the period. Axxsys is a
direct legal subsidiary to the Company's ultimate parent company Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple, but the Axxsys acquisition liability is
charged to the Company to align with the wider Group structure and in line with the intention to transfer ownership in Axxsys to the Company in FY
21. Refer to note 13 for further detail

u Capital and reserves
Share capital
FY 20 FY 19
£000 £000
Allotted, called up and fully paid i
328,243 ordinary ‘A’ shares of 1p each 33 33
5,970,623 ordinary “B' shares of £1 each 5,971 5,971
3,788 ordinary ‘C* shares of £3.10 each 12 2
82,413 ordinary ‘ANV" shares of |Op cach 8 8
1,685 ordinary *E” shares of Ip cach - -
100,000 ordinary ‘Lux’ shares of tOp each . 10 10
250,000 ordinary ‘USA’ shares of $0.10 each 7 1s 15s
24,450 ordinary ‘UK’ shares of 10p each 2 2
6,051 6,051
Shares classified in shareholders’ funds : 6,051 6,051
6,051 6,051

‘The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the
Company.

Share premium account

The balance classified as share premium as at 31 March 2020 and 31 March 2019 of £1,437,000 relates to the aggregate net proceeds less nominal
value of shares on issue of the Company's equity share capital.

Dividends

‘One interim dividend payment totalling £7,187,000 was made to the Company's sole shareholder, Alpha FMC Group Limited (FY 19: £24,568,000),
both to facilitate the payments of the FY 20 Group dividends made by the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple, to its

shareholders. This dividend was facilitated in part by the receipt in the year of dividends totalling £10,000,000 from the Companys directly owned
subsidiary, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited. The Directors have not recommended the payment of a final dividend (FY 19:

2 Related parties
Identity of related parties with which the Company has transacted

‘The Company has not engaged in any transactions with any related parties other than with wholly owned subsidiaries. These transactions have not
been disclosed as the Company has taken advantage of exemptions under FRS 101.

1B Events after the reporting period

‘The Directors consider that the outbreak of COVID-19 globally represents an adjusting event at the balance sheet date on the basis that the
significance of the social and economic impact was apparent at that date. The Group has therefore considered all conditions up to the date of issuance
of the financial statements as adjusting events, As disclosed in note 1, the impact of COVID-19 has becn assessed in relation to: impairment of fixed
asset investments, and the expected credit loss on intercompany receivables.

‘Subsequent to the balance sheet date, on 25 February 2021, the Company has completed the transfer of ownership of 100% of the share capital of
‘Axxsys Limited from the Companys ultimate parent entity, Alpha Financial Markets Conaulting Ple. Ownership has bccn transferred at consideration
of £8.730,448, which represents carrying value of the investment held by the Companys ultimate parent entity at the transfer date of the Axxsys
Limited shares, including £800k of cash acquired on initial acquisition of Axxsys by Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc on 5 June 2019. There is
therefore no gain or loss for either entity attributable to the transfer of share ownership.

‘The Directors note that it was always the intention of the Company to transfer ownership of shares and as a result the associated liabilities for deferred
consideration and earn-out payments are already included on the balance sheet of the Company, as disclosed in notes 9 and 10.

Page 16


===== page 19 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
oS ‘Annual report and financial statements
. 31 March 2020

Notes (continued)

14 Ultimate parent company and parent company of larger Group
‘The Company is a subsidiary undertaking of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, incorporated in England and Wales. The ultimate controlling
party is Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple.

Both the largest and smallest Group in which the results of the Company are consolidated is that headed by Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple,
incorporated in England and Wales. The consolidated financial statements of the Group are available (o the public and may be obtained from 60
Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB, or the website investors.alphafme.com.

Page 17
