

===== page 1 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited

Annual report and financial statements

Registered number 07160664
31 March 2022

v0

AB 19/10/2022 #9
COMPANIES HOUSE

.
WEDNESDAY


===== page 2 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
Contents
‘Company information 1
Strategic report 2
Directors’ report 4
Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the Directors’ report and the financial statements. Ss
Independent auditor's report to the members of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited 6
Profit and loss account 9
Balance sheet 10
Statement of changes in equity W

Notes 12


===== page 3 =====
Company Information

Directors

Company number

Registered office

Auditor

Banker

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements,
31 March 2022

E Fraser
JC Paton

NS Curham (resigned 14 January 2022)
B Lantorp (resigned 14 January 2022)
GA Cook (appointed 30 June 2022)

S Peacock (appointed 30 June 2022)

07160664

60 Gresham Street,
London,
EC2V 7BB

KPMG LLP
St Nicholas House,
31 Park Row,
Nottingham,

NGI 6FQ

HSBC Bank UK.
71 Queen Victoria Street,
London,

EC4V 4AY

Paget


===== page 4 =====
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Strategic report

Business review

‘The Company functions as an intermediate holding entity within the wider Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple group (the ‘Group"’), At31 March
2022 (FY 22%) the Company holds net assets of £14,923,000 (FY 21: £7,984,000). The Company has transferred a profit of £19,439,000 (FY 21:
£5,506,000) to retained earnings as a result of intercompany dividend income received from the Company's subsidiary, offset by costs relating to
deferred consideration and earn-out payments due on the acquisitions of Obsidian Solutions Limited (‘Obsidian’) and Axxsys Limited (‘Axxsys’) in
previous years, and those relating to the acquisition of Lionpoint Holdings, Inc in the current year.

Key performance indicators

Working capital management and the sufficiency of ase held across the Group is the primary indicator which i reviewed on a weekly basis to
monitor cashflow, liquidity and the recovery of trade receivables.

Each month the Directors review the management accounts for each trading Group undertaking and compare actual performance against budget.
Costs, utilisation and fee rates are also reviewed to monitor profitability.

Principal risks and uncertainties

‘The performance of the Company’s subsidiaries is subject to only limited risk in the short and medium term as the future pipeline of work is good.
The Company’s subsidiaries continue to generate substantial cash after retaining @ proportion of profits to fund increased working capital
requirements resulting from growth. Management is mindful of the challenging macro-economic environment, including inflation and the war in
Ukraine, and continues to operate conservative cash management policies. The Directors are pleased with performance for the year.

Future developments

‘The Company is expected to continue to operate as an intermediate holding company for the Group. No other future developments are foreseen by
the Directors at the balance shect date,

Section 172 statement

Under Section 172(1) of the Companies Act 2006, 2 director of a company must act in the way he or she considers, in good faith, would be most likely to
promote the success of the Company for the benefit ofits members as a whole, and in doing so have regard (amongst other matters) to:

‘+ The likely consequence of any decision in the long term;
‘+ The interests of the Company's employees;
‘+ The need to foster the Company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others;

+ ‘The impact of the Company's operations on the community and the environment

+ ‘The desirability of the Company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct; and
+ The need to act fairly as between members of the Company.

The following disclosure describes how the Directors have had regard tothe matters set out in Section 172(1)(a) to (f) and forms the Directors’ statement under
section 414CZA of the Companies Act 2006. The Company is a holding company and docs not have any employces or clients itself, therefore the disclosure
below relates to the Company and its subsidiaries (as listed in note 8 to the financial statements).

‘The Directors remain committed to engaging with all of the Company’s stakeholders and considering their interests when making any strategic
decisions.

Engagement with key stakeholders

‘The Board considers its key stakeholders to be its employees, its sharcholders, its clients and the communities in which the Company and its subsidiaries
‘operate. The Board also recognises other stakeholder groups including vendors and suppliers, industry bodies and competitors with whom Alpha works
‘orassociates in the marketplace. The Board understands that engaging with these stakeholders strengthens Alpha’s business relationships and facilitates
its decision making at an executive level, which is very important for its long-term success.

Employees
Attracting, retaining and developing the very best people in the industry is integral to Alpha’s culture and ongoing success. Alpha is committed to providing a
highly rewarding place to work, and to maintaining a unique and inclusive culture that places people at the heart of the business. To achieve this, there is a
strong emphasis on interaction, open communication and the exchange of proactive insights from the employee base. Employee feedback has always been a
significant component ofthat picture, An inclusive enviroament forall employees is encouragid through the prevalence ofthe Diversity & Inclusion programme,
and employees are incentivised to engage further with the wider objectives ofthe business through a generous profit share scheme, and a share incentive plan
available to senior management,

Clients

Alpha’s successful business model is built upon keeping clients’ needs at the core of its proposition, which includes its geographic network, the services it
offers and the types of projects that it delivers. Central to the growth strategy is continuous investment in people, locations and knowledge to help all clients
address their challenges and best capitalise on opportunities. Alpha works hard at developing and sustaining long-term client relationships.

* Group refers to the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc and its subsidiaries.
2 FY 22 is the financiel year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2022. By comparison, FY 21 is the previous financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2021,
Page 2


===== page 5 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Strategic report (continued)

Communities

‘Alpha is committed to building positive relationships with the communities and environment in which it operates. This includes supporting communities and
‘organisations local and relevant to its operations. It extends to considering how to maximise the benefits and minimise the downsides of its environmental and
social impacts.

Please refer to pp 32-34 of the Annual Report & Accounts 2022 of the ultimate parent company, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, for further details on
the above key stakeholders, and the Group's approach to engagement with each class of stakeholder.

Key Director decisions during the year

‘The Directors consider the following to be key decisions and considerations they have made inthe year to31 March 2022.
For further information please refer to p.35 of the Annual Report & Accounts 2022 of the Company's ultimate parent (Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc).

Issued the FY 21 Annual Report and financial statements to |To ensure compliance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 and
shareholders. lthe relevant accounting framework.
|The Board considered the continuing impact of COVID-19 and the [fo address the long-term interests of stakeholders and protect the Company's

mitigating measures put in place by the senior management team,

[To facilitate the payment of Group dividends to the shareholders of th

|The Board agreed the FY 22 interim dividend payable to the Company's Je oiasanys ytimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Pl.

Jparent, Alpha FMC Group Limited.

|The Board considered the Company's strategic priorities at its dedicated! o ensure that the strategy is still appropriate and to review progress against
strategy sessions. strategic goals.

By order of the Board.

John C Paton
Director

12 October 2022

Page 3


===== page 6 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022,

Directors’ report

‘The Directors present their report and the audited financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022.

Principal activities
‘The principal activity of the Company is that of @ holding company.

Results and dividend
‘The results for the year are set out in the attached profit and loss account.

An interim dividend payment totalling £12,500,000 was made to the Company's sole shareholder, Alpha FMC Group Limited (FY 21: £6,000,000),
to facilitate the payment of the Group dividend made by the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, to its shareholders.
This dividend was facilitated by the receipt in the year of a dividend totalling £25,953,000 from the Company's subsidiaries. The Directors have
not recommended the payment of a final dividend (FY 21: nil
‘On 20 May 2021, the Group reached an agreement to acquire 100% of the issued share capital of Lionpoint Holdings, Inc. (“Lionpoint”), a provider
ices to the alternatives investments industry, on a cash free, debt free basis, for consideration of £50.8m, The Directors
consider that the acquisition is in line with the Group's stated growth strategy, significantly increasing both the Group's exposure to the attractive and
fast-growing alternatives investments market and its footprint in the large and strategically important North America segment. For further detail please
refer to note 8.

For further information on the likely future developments of the business, please refer to the strategic report,

Directors

The Directors who held office during the year and at the date of this report were as follows:
E Fraser

JC Paton

‘GA Cook (appointed 30 June 2022)

S Peacock (appointed 30 June 2022)

NS Curham (resigned 14 January 2022)

B Lantorp (resigned 14 January 2022)

Political contributions

‘The Company made no political donations and incurred no political expenditure during the year.

Employee involvement

Details of how the Company and its subsidiaries engage with employees are set out in the Section 172 statement the Strategic Report on p.2.
It is the Alphi

: policy to give full and fair consideration to all applications for employment including from disabled people, having regard to their

des. Full consideration is given to continuing the employment of staff who become disabled, including considering them for other
reasonable positions and arranging appropriate training where required. Alpha aims to provide an inclusive environment for all employees, regardless
of sex, marital status, race, nationality, age, sexual orientation or religion.

Engagement with suppliers and customers

‘The Directors note the importance of fostering strong relationships with customers and suppliers through open communication and having regard for these
relationships in strategic decisions made relating to the Company and its subsidiaries.

Environmental reporting

Inaccordance with the Companies Act 2006 and HM Government's Environmental Reporting Guidelines’, the Company has not re-disclosed those disclosures
required by the Company's environmental reporting responsibilities (including Streamlined Energy and Carbon reporting) on the basis that this information is
available on our website in the Group's Annual Report & Accounts 2022 on pp.76-80.

Disclosure of information to auditor

‘The Directors who held office at the date of approval of this Directors’ report confirm that, so far as they are each aware, there is no relevant audit
information of which the Company's auditor is unaware; and each Director has taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as a Director to make
themselves aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the Company's auditor is aware of that information.

Auditor
Pursuant to Section 487 of the Companies Act 2006, the auditor will be deemed to be reappointed and KPMG LLP will therefore continue in office.
By order of the Board.

ceo

John C Paton
Director

60 Gresham Street
London EC2V 7BB

12 October 2022
Page 4


===== page 7 =====
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Statement of Directors’ respon:
and the financial statements

ilities in respect of the strategic report and the directors’ report

‘The Directors are responsible for preparing the strategic report and the Directors’ report and the financial statements in accordance with applicable law
and regulations.

Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law they have elected to prepare the financial
statements in accordance with UK accounting standards and applicable law (UK Generally Accepted Accounting Practice), including FRS 101
Reduced Disclosure Framework.

Under Company law the Lifectors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of
affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for that period. In preparing these financial statements, the Directors are required to:

select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;

make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

state whether applicable UK accounting standards have been followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in the
financial statements;

assess the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concem; and

use the going concer basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.

The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the Company's transactions and disclose
with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the
Companies Act 2006. They are responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements
that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have general responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to
them to safeguard the assets of the Company and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.

Page 5


===== page 8 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group
Limited

Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited (“the Company”) for the year ended 31 March 2022
which comprise the balance sheet, profit and loss account, statement of changes in equity and related notes, including the accounting poli
lL

In our opinion the financial statements:
+ give a truc and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs as at 31 March 2022 and of its profit for the year then ended;
+ have been properly prepared in accordance with UK accounting standards, including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework; and
+ have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion

‘We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)") and applicable law. Our responsibilities are described below.
‘We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and are independent of the Company in accordance with, UK ethical requirements including the FRC Ethical
Standard. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis for our opinion.

Going concern

‘The directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concem basis as they do not intend to liquidate the Company or to cease its operations,
and as they have concluded that thc Company’s financial position means that this is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no material
uncertainties that could have cast significant doubt over its ability to continue as a going concer for at least a year from the date of approval of the
financial statements (“the going concem period”).

In our evaluation of the directors’ conclusions, we considered the inherent risks to the Company's business mode! and analysed how those risks might
affect the Company’s financial resources or ability to continue operations over the going concem period.

(Our conclusions based on this work:

* we consider that the directors’ use of the going concem basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial statement

‘appropriate;
+ we have not identified, and concur with the directors’ assessment that there is not, a material uncertainty related to events or conditions that,
individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the Company's ability to continue as a going concem for the going concem period.
However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in outcomes that are inconsistent with
judgements that were reasonable at the time they were made, the above conclusions are not a guarantee that the Company will continue in
‘operation.

Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations — ability to detect
Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to fraud

To identify risks of material misstatement due to fraud (“fraud risks”) we assessed events or conditions that could indi
commit fraud or provide an opportunity to commit fraud. Our risk assessment procedures included:

te an incentive or pressure to

‘© Enquiring of directors as to the Company's high-level policies and procedures to prevent and detect fraud, as well as whether they have
knowledge of any actual, suspected or alleged fraud.

‘© Reading Board minutes.
+ Considering remuneration incentive schemes and performance targets for management and Directors.
© Using analytical procedures to identify any unusual or unexpected relationships.
We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit team and remained alert to any indications of fraud throughout the audit.

As required by auditing standards, we perform procedures to address the risk of management override of controls, in particular the risk that
management may be in a position to make inappropriate accounting entries. On this audit we do not believe there is a fraud risk related to
revenue recognition because there are no revenue transactions. We did not identify any additional fraud risks.

We performed procedures including:

‘+ Identifying journal entries to test based on risk criteria and comparing the identified entries to supporting documentation. These included
‘unusual pairings with a credit or debit to an account below EBITDA and unusual journals with a credit or debit entry to cash;

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to non-compliance with laws and regulations

We identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the financial statements from our
general commercial and sector experience, and through discussion with the Directors and other management (as required by auditing standards),
and discussed with the Directors and other management the policies and procedures regarding compliance with laws and regulations.

‘We communicated identified laws and regulations throughout our team and remained alert to any indications of non-compliance throughout the
audit.

‘The potential effect of these laws and regulations on the financial statements varies considerably.

Page 6


===== page 9 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group .
Limited (continued) .

Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations — ability to detect (continued)

Firstly, the Company is subject to laws and regulations that directly affect the financial statements including financial reporting legislation

(including related companies legislation), distributable profits legislation and taxation legislation, and we assessed the extent of compliance with

these laws and regulations as part of our procedures on the related financial statement items.

Secondly, the Company is subject to many other laws and regulations where. the ennsequanooa of nousvunspllwie COUId have a material effect on amounts
‘or divolooures in the finauvlal swatemerits, Lor instance through the imposition of fines or litigation. We identified the following areas as those most likely
to have such an effect: anti-bribery and employment law recognising the financial nature of the Company's activities, Auditing standards limit the
required audit procedures o identify non-compliance with these laws and regulations to enquiry of the directors and other management and inspection of
regulatory and legal correspondence, if any. Therefore if breach of operational regulations is not disclosed to us or evident from relevant correspondence,
an audit will not detect that breach.

Context of the ability of the audit to detect fraud or breaches of law or regulation

Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an unavoidable risk that we may not have detected some material misstatements in the
financial statements, even though we have properly planned and performed our audit in accordance with auditing standards. For example, the
further removed non-compliance with laws and regulations is from the events and transactions reflected in the financial statements, the less likely
the inherently limited procedures required by auditing standards would identify it.

In addition, as with any audit, there remained a higher risk of non-detection of fraud, as these may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
misrepresentations, or the. override of internal controls. Our audit procedures are designed to detect material misstatement, We are not responsible
for preventing non-compliance or fraud and cannot be expected to detect non-compliance with all laws and regulations.

Strategic report and Directors’ report

‘The directors are responsible for the strategic report and the directors’ report. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover those reports and we
do not express an audit opinion thereon

Our responsibility is to read the strategic report and the directors’ report and, in doing so, consider whether, based on our financial statements audit work,
the information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with the financial statements or our audit knowledge. Based solely on that work:

‘* we have not identified material misstatements in the strategic report and the directors" report;

‘* in our opinion the information given in those reports for the financial year is consistent with the financial statements; and

‘* in our opinion those reports have been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006,

Matters on which we are required to report by exception.
Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:
© adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received from branches not visited by us; or
+ the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or
‘+ certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or
‘+ we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit
‘We have nothing to report in these respects.

Directors’ responsibilities

As explained more fully in their statement set out on page 5, the Directors are responsible for: the preparation of the financial statements and for
1g Satisfied that they give a true and fair view; such intemal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; assessing the Company's ability to continue as a going concer,
disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concem; and using the going concem basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the
Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether
due to fraud or error, and to issue our opinion in an auditor’s report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but does not guarantee that
an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or
error and are considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users
taken on the basis of the financial statements.

A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC’s website at www. fre.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities.

Poge7


===== page 10 =====
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group
Limited (continued)

The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities

‘This report is made solely to the Company's members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has
been undertaken so that we might state to the Company's members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no other
purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the Company’s
members, as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Ax

Craig Parkin (Senior Statutory Auditor)
for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor

Chartered Accountants
St Nicholas House,

31 Park Row,
Nottingham,

NGI 6FQ

13 October 2022

Page 8


===== page 11 =====
Profit & loss account
Sor the year ended 31 March 2022

Note
Administrative expenses 2
Operating toss
Interest payable end similar expenses 6
Income from shares in Group undertakings
Profit before taxation
‘Taxation 7

Profit for the financial year

‘The Company had no discontinued operations in both the current and prior years.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
Year ended Year ended
31 Maren 31 March
2022 2021
£000 £000
(4,045) 7 ~~ = G,6i2)
4,045) 6912)
2,487)
25,953
19,421
18 7
19,439 5,506
_— —_———

There were no recognised gains or loses in ether the current or preceding year other than those disclosed in the profit and loss account, and therefore
yo Separate statement of other comprehensive income has been presented,

‘The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.

Page 9


===== page 12 =====
Balance sheet

As at 31 March 2022
As at
Note 31 March 2022
£000 £000
Non-current assets
Investments 8 85,171
‘Amounts owed by Group undertakings 9 35
85,206
Current assets
Debtors 9 15,387
Cash at bank and in hand 10 31,184
46,571
Current liabilities
Creditors: amounts falling due within one year 11 96,708)
(96,708)
Net current liabilities (60,137)
Total assets less current liabilities 35,069
Non-current liabilities
Creditors: amounts falling due after one year 2 (20,146)
Net assets 14,923
Capital and reserves
Called up share capital 13 6,051
Share premium account 13 1,437
Capital contributions reserve n
Other reserves 137
Profit and loss account 7,226
Shareholders’ funds 14,923

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Asat
31 March 2021

£000 £000

31,541
22,18

34259

326
124

450

(37,654)

67654)
(37,204)

17055

(9.071)

7,984

6051
1437
n
137
287

7,984

‘The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements. These financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of

Directors on 12 October 2022. They were signed on its behalf by:

4

John C Paton
Director

Company registered number: 07160664

Page 10


===== page 13 =====
Statement of changes in equity

As at 1 April 2020

‘Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit for the period

‘Transactions with owners
Dividends

‘As at 31 March 2021

Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit for the period

‘Transactions with owners

Dividends

‘As at 31 March 2022

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022
Called up Share Capital Total
share premium contributions Other ——Profitand Shareholders
capital account reserve reserves loss account funds
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
6051 1437 n 137 7B 8478
: - . - 5,506 5,506
- - - a (6,000) (6,000)
6,051 1,437 “ 137 287 7,984
- - - : 19,439 19,439
. : - : (12,500) (12,500)
6,051 1,437 n 137 7,226 14,923

‘The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.

Page 11


===== page 14 =====
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements.
31 March 2022

Notes
(forming part of the financial statements)

1 Accounting policies

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited (the “Company”) is a company limited by shares, domiciled and registered in the UK. The
registered number is 07160664 and the registered address is 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB.

‘These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework (“FRS 101”).

‘The Company is exempt by virtue of Section 400 of the Companies Act 2006 from the requirement to prepare Group financial statements. These
financial statements present information about the Company as an individual and not about its Group.

In preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement and disclosure requirements of Intemational Financial
Reporting Standards (“Adopted IFRSs") but makes amendments where necessary in order to comply with Companies Act 2006 and has set out below
where advantage of the FRS 101 disclosure exemptions has been taken.

‘The Company's ultimate parent undertaking, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, includes the Company in its consolidated financial statements.
The consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc are available to the public and may be obtained from 60 Gresham
Street, London, EC2V 7BB, or the website investors.alphafmc.com.
In these financial statements, the Company has applied the exemptions available under FRS 101 in respect of the following disclosures:

+ A.cash flow statement and related notes;

+ comparative period reconciliations for share capital, tangible fixed assets, intangible assets and investment properties;

+ disclosures in respect of transactions with wholly owned subsidiaries;

+ disclosures in respect of capital management;

«+ the effects of new but not yet effective IFRSs;

+ disclosures in respect of the compensation of Key Management Personnel; and

+ disclosures of transactions with a management entity that provides key management personnel services to the Company.

As the consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc include the equivalent disclosures, the Company has also taken
the exemptions under FRS 101 available in respect of the following disclosures:
+ IFRS 2 Share Based Payments in respect of Group settled share-based payments; and
+ Certain disclosures required by IFRS 16 Leases in relation to disclosure of the Company's leasing activities.
«+ Certain disclosures required by IFRS 3 Business Combinations in respect of business combinations undertaken by the Company.

‘The accounting policies set out below have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods presented in these financial statements.

Li Basis of preparation
‘These financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost basis, except for certain financial instruments that are measured at fair value.

‘The presentational currency of these financial statements and the functional currency of the Company is pounds sterling. All amounts in these
financial statements have been rounded to the nearest £1,000, unless stated otherwise.

42 Going concern

In assessing the Company’s ability to continue on a going concem basis for a period of at least 12 months from the approval of these financial statements
(the “going concer period”), the Directors considered the Company's projected cash flows, access to intercompany funding from other Group entities, cash
liquidity and existing undrawn borrowing facilities.

Notwithstanding net current liabilities of £50,137,000 as at 31 March 2022, the financial statements of this holding company have been prepared on a going
concern basis. The Directors consider this to be appropriate on the basis of cash flow forecasts prepared for the wider Group, which support the ability of
the Company to operate as a going concem. The Group prepared cash flow forecasts covering the going concem period. The Directors of the Group
considered the principal risks and mitigants and analysed a range of cash flow downside scenarios including a “reverse-stress test” scenario. This models
the decline in sales that the Group would be able to absorb over the going concer period before utilising all of the existing cash reserves available. The
Directors consider this scenario and the sequence of events that could lead to it to be remote, as it requires annualised revenue reductions of close to 40%
compared to the base case, before modelling any mitigeting actions, including cost reductions. Refer to p 136 of the Group's ‘Annual Report & Accounts
2022" for further detail of these forecasts.

The ability of the Company to settle its liabilities as they fall due within the going concer period is dependent on the Company’s ultimate parent company,
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc not seeking repayment of the amounts currently due to other companies controlled by the Group, which at 31 March
2022 amounted to £76,426,000. The Company also has access to additional funding through other Group entities, via the Group's revolving credit facility
and the strength of the Group's cash position at 31 March 2022. The Group's RCF remains fully undrawn in the going concem scenarios. As with any
company placing reliance on other group entities for financial support, the Directors acknowledge that there can be no certainty that this support will continue
although, at the date of approval of these financial statements, they have no reason to believe that it will not do so.

After careful consideration, the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company's existing resources, supplemented by the support of the wider
Group, are adequate to meet its requirements over the going concern period. On this basis, the Directors consider that it is appropriate to adopt the going
concem basis in preparing the financial statements

13 Significant judgements and estimates

The preparation of financial information in accordance with IFRS requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the
application of accounting policies and reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses.

Judgements
In the process of applying the Company’s accounting policies, the Directors have made one judgement (excluding those involving estimations), which
is considered to have a significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements for the period ending 31 March 2022.

Page 12


===== page 15 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Notes (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

13 Significant judgements and estimates (continued)

Employment-linked acquisition payments

The contingent consideration related to the Company's acquisition of Obsidian in 2019 was part linked to the ongoing employment of a member of
the vendor's management team and some judgement has been applied in determining the extent to which these future payments should be classified
‘as consideration or as remuneration for future employment services. The classification of these amounts in the financial statements is based on the
interpretation of complex clauses within the share purchase agreement (“SPA”). The proportion of future payments that are forfeited in at of
the employment condition lansing varies depending on severai factors, including the length of employment. At the point of acquisition, judgement
was applied in determining that £6.5m of the possible total £9.3m of contingent consideration was classified as remuneration for future employment
services, and this amount was to be recognised in profit or loss over the eam-out period.

Estimates

The Company has also made an estimate in the preparation of the financial information. The assumptions underlying the estimate are based on
historical experience and various other factors that are deemed to be reasonable under the circumstances, These assumptions form the basis of
developing estimates of the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not apparent from other sources. The estimate and underlying assumptions
are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to the estimate are recognised in the year in which the estimate is revised and any future years affected.
Actual results can differ from the estimate,

‘The Directors have identified the following area as the key estimate that is considered to have a significant risk of resulting in a material adjustment
to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities within the next financial year.

Acquisition earn-outs
Alpha’s acquisition earn-out liability calculations contain estimation uncertainty, as the earn-out potentially payable in each case is linked to the future
performance of the acquirce, To determine the fair value of the eamn-out liability at the balance sheet date, management has assessed the potential
future cash flows of the acquired businesses respectively, the likelihood of an earn-out payment being made and discounted using an appropriate
discount rate. These estimates could potentially change because of events over the coming years. Refer to note 12 for sensitivity analysis.

14 Foreign currency
‘Transactions in foreign currencies are transtated to the Company's functional currencies at the foreign exchange rate ruling at the date of the
transaction, Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the balance sheet date are retranstated to the functional currency at
the foreign exchange rate ruling at that date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency
are translated using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are
stated at fair value are retranslated to the functional currency at foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates the fair value was determined. Foreign
exchange differences arising on translation are recognised in the profit and loss.

1S Financial instruments

‘The Company uses financial instruments comprising cash and cash equivalents, preference shares, loan notes and other short-term instruments, such
as trade payables that arise from its operations. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to fund the Group's business strategy and working
capital requirements.

‘Accounting policies in respect of financial instruments are outlined below.

Financial assets
Financial assets are initially measured at fair value plus or minus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction
costs. The Company has not reclassified any financial assets subsequent to initial recognition as at the balance sheet date. Reclassification of classes
of financial assets is accounted for prospectively in accordance with IFRS 9, where this is required. Any difference on reclassification from amortised
cost to fair value through profit or loss is recognised in the profit and loss at the reclassification date.

Financial assets are assessed at cach reporting date to determine a lifetime expected credit loss that reflects the credit risk associated with the portfolio
of assets. A financial asset is impaired in line with the simplified approach under IFRS 9 which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance.

‘An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured at amortised cost is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the
present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the asset's original effective interest rate. For financial instruments measured at cost
less impairment, impairment is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the best estimate of the amount that the Company
would receive for the asset if it were to be sold at the reporting date. Interest on the impairment asset continues to be recognised through the
unwinding of the discount. Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. When a subsequent event causes the amount of the impairment to
decrease, the decrease in impairment loss is reversed through statement of comprehensive income.

Amounts owed by Group undertakings

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less provision for
impairment. A provision for impairment of intercompany receivables is established using an expected credit loss model. The Company classifies
all intercompany receivables that form a part of the normal trading cycle of the Company as current, as well as non-trading balances where the
counterparty has sufficient resources to settle the balance within a twelve month period.from the-balance sheet date~All other amoufts owed by
Group undertakings-are-considered’as non-current assets. This represents a change in accounting policy in the year. All balances were considered

current in the comparative period.

Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and call deposits and are recorded and subsequently measured at amortised cost in line with
IFRS 9.

Financial liabilities

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financi
recognition as at fair value through profit or loss. Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are acquired for the purpose of selling
in the near term. This category includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Company that are not designated as hedging instruments
in hedge relationships as defined by IFRS 9. As at 31 March 2022, thc Company hid no such financial liabilities.

Page 13,


===== page 16 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Notes (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

Financial instruments (continued)

| liabilities held by the Group are recognised at amortised cost.
Amounts owed to Group undertakings

Amounts owed to Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost.
Other creditors

Other creditors are recognised initially at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition they are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
method.

Investments in subsidiaries

Investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost less any provision for impairment. The Company mot
period, and a full impairment assessment is performed on an annual basis.

>* for indicators of impairment at each reporting

‘The Directors have deemed that no impairment was required in both the current and prior years.
Interest-bearing borrowings

Interest-bearing borrowings arc recognised initially at fair valuc less attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, interest-bearing
borrowings are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less any impairment losses.

16 Non-financial assets

Non-financial assets
. The carrying amounts of the entity’s non-financial assets, other than deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether
there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the assets’ recoverable amount is estimated. The recoverable amount of an
asset or cash-generating unit is the greater of its value in use and its fair value, less costs to sell. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash
flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the
risks specific to the asset,

For the purposes of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates
independent cash inflows (the “cash-generating unit"); that is, cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of
other assets or groups of assets,

‘An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable amount. Impairment losses are
recognised in profit or loss. Impairment losses are allocated between the carrying amounts of other assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro-rata
basis as a reduction in the value of the asset.

‘An impairment loss is reversed if and only if the reasons for the impairment have ceased to apply.

irment losses recognised in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indication that the loss has decreased or no longer exists. An
ent loss is only reversed to the extent that the assct’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined,
net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

L7 Contingent and non-contingent deferred consideration on acquisition

Contingent and deferred consideration may arise on acquisitions. Deferred consideration may arise when settlement of all or part of the cost of
business combination falls due after the acquisition was completed. Contingent consideration may arise where consideration is dependent on the
future performance of the acquired company.

Deferred and contingent consideration associated with business combinations settled in cash is assessed in line with agreed contractual terms.
Consideration payable is discounted for the time value of money and recognised as capital investment cost at fair value when the deferred or
contingent consideration is not employment-linked. Altematively, where amounts payable are contingent upon future employment, these amounts
are recognised as a remuneration expense over the deferral or contingent performance period.

In circumstances where there is an option to settle in the form of cash or a variable number of shares, the Company recognises a financial liability
for the fair value of the discounted consideration. Where consideration is settled in a fixed number of shares, the consideration is classified as equity,
it is not re-measured, and settlement is accounted for within equity. Otherwise, subsequent changes to the fair value of the deferred and contingent
consideration are recognised in the statement of comprehensive income.

teach balance sheet date, consideration liabilities comprise the fair value of the remaining contingent or deferred consideration valued at acquisition,
and the cumulative value of the employment-linked amounts recognised through statement of comprehensive income since acquisition.

At each balance sheet date, the fair value of the liabilities initially recognised at the acquisition date are measured using level 3 inputs in accordance
with the fair value hicrarchy and as such these calculations contain estimation uncertainty, as they relate to future performance. The key inputs
associated with the valuation of these liabilities include the potential future cash flows of each acquired business, the celihood of an eamn-out
payment being made and developing an appropriate discount rate to apply to these future cash flows. Changes in the carrying value of these liabilities
associated with the passage of time are recognised as a finance cost, whereas changes in the underlying forecasts supporting the fair value are
recognised within administrative expenses as an adjusting item.

Page 14


===== page 17 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Notes (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)
18 Taxation

Taxation expense on the result for the period comprises current and deferred tax. Current and deferred tax is recognised in the consolidated statement
of comprehensive income, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in equity, in which case it is recognised in equity.

Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income for the period, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the
balance sheet date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous periods.

Deferred tax is provided using the balance sheet liability method, providing for temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for tavation purposes. Tl aunt uf deterred tax provided is based on the expected
manner ot realisation or settlement of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the balance
sheet date.

‘The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at cach balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient
taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally
enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities, and when they relate to taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the
Company intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

19 Dividends

Dividend income

Dividend income is recognised in the profit and loss account on the date the entity's right to receive the dividend is established.
Dividend expense

Dividend expenses are recognised in the statement of changes in equity on the date the entity’s right to pay the dividend is established,

110 New accounting standards and interpretations

‘The following changes in accounting policies were applied by the Company in these financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022. These
included the adoption of new standards and interpretations described below.

‘The Intemational Accounting Standards Board (ASB) and IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) have issued the following standards and
interpretations which are now effective:

. Interest Rate Benchmark Reform — Phase 2 - (Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16), effective from | January 2021;

. COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021 (Amendment to IFRS 16), effective from 1 January 2021;

The Directors reviewed the nature and effect of these new standards on the Company and noted no material impact on the financial statements for
the year ended 31 March 2022.

The Directors have considered new standards and interpretations that have been issued but not yet been effective, however have applied the
‘exemption not to disclose this information under FRS 101.

2 Administrative expenses
FY22 FY21
£000 £000
Fair value adjustment on contingent acquisition consideration (2,677) 1,057
Employment-linked consideration 4,100 2,549
Social security on employment-linked consideration 228 :
Foreign exchange loss 2,355 6
Other 39 :
4,045 3,612
3 Auditor's remuneration
FY22 _ FY a -§ —
“e000 £000
Audit of these financial statements 28 4

Amounts receivable by the Company's auditor and its associates in respect of services to the Company and its associates, other than the audit of,
the Company's financial statements, have not been disclosed as the information is required instead to be disclosed on a consolidated basis in the
consolidated financial statements of the Company’s ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc.

Page 15


===== page 18 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Notes (continued)

4 Staff numbers and costs
‘The Company had no employees during the current or prior periods.

5 Directors' remuneration

The Directors of the Company are paid out of other entities within the Group. The Directors believe that the value of their services in respect of the Company,
in both the current and prior periods, were negligible and therefore have not been disclosed.

6 Interest payable and similar expenses
FY22 FY 21
£000 £000
Interest payable : p
Unwinding of discounting on deferred and contingent consideration 2,487 803
2,487 882
7 Taxation
Recognised in the profit and loss account
FY22 FY 21
£000 £000 “£000 £000
Current tax
(Current tax on income for the period - -
Group relief payable/(receivable) as)
‘Adjustments in respect of prior periods - -
Total current tax (18) -
Deferred tax
Adjustments in respect of prior periods - :
(18) -
Reconciliation of effective tax rate
FY22 Fy2
£000 £000
Profit for the year 19,439 5,506
Total tax credit (18) -
Profit excluding taxation 19,421 5506
Tax using the UK corporation tax rate of 19% (FY 21: 19%) 3,690 1,046
Income not taxable for tax purposes (4,931) (1,900)
Non-deductible expenses 1,223 838
Group relief surrendered 18 16
Group relief payment received (18) -
Total tax credit a8) -

‘An increase in the UK corporation tax rate from 19% to 25% (effective | April 2023) was substantively enacted during the year on 24 May 2021. Once
effective, this change would increase the Company's future current tax charge accordingly.

On 23 September 2022, the UK Government announced revised plans to hold the rate of UK corporation tax at 19%, cancelling the previous plans to
increase the rate to 25% from 1 April 2023. This revised plan has not yet been substantively enacted and has no impact on the current or deferred tax charge
in the year ended 31 March 2022.

Page 16


===== page 19 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
Notes (continued)
8 Fixed asset investments
Shares in
Group undertakings
£000
Cost
Atl April2020 Loe - - - 22g
Additions 8730
Disposals -
At31 March 2021 31,541
Additions 53,630
Disposals -
At31 March 2022 85,171

‘The Companys fixed asset investments are all in relation to investments in subsidiaries. The Company holds no tangible fixed assets.
‘On 20 May 2021, the Company reached an agreement to acquire 100% of the issued share capital of Lionpoint Holdings, Inc. (“Lionpoint”), a provider of specialist
consultancy services to the alternatives investments industry, on a cash free, debt free basis. As a result, the Company recognised an investment totalling £50.8m of
‘which £24.6m relates to base consideration payable at the acquisition date, with an additional £11.7m of deferred consideration payable between FY 22 and FY 25,
‘and contingent consideration with a fair value of £14.5m at the acquisition date, also payable between FY 22 and FY 25. The fair value of contingent consideration
is subject to review at each reporting period.

‘The Directors consider that the acquisition isin line with the Company's stated growth strategy, significantly increasing both the Groups exposure to the attractive
‘and fast-growing alternatives investments market and its footprint inthe large and strategically important North America segment.

Further, during the year the Group made a capital contribution of £2.8m to its US-based subsidiary, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Inc.

Class and ‘Class and
Percentage of percentage of
Country of Registered Principal activity shares held- shares held -
Subsidiary undertakings Incorporation address 31 March 2022 31 March 2021
a fnencil Markets Consulting UK UK 1 Consuhancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
petite Services Consulting UK 1 Dormant 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Alpha Date Solutions Limited’ UK 1 Consutancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Inc. USA 2 Consutaney services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
_ Financial Markets Consulting France 3 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting S.A. ‘Luxembourg 4 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting . " te
Snare Netherlands 5 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ; . ;
re Switzerland 6 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Track Two GmibH Germany 7 Consutancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting . ; ;
Styppore Pie, Lined Singapore 8 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ; .
Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong 9 Consuitancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting i “ _
lheotrsba PY ied Australia 10 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Obsidian Solutions Limited UK 1 Consuitancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
_ Technology Services Consulting France 3 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Obsidian Alpha Data Solutions LLC Serbia 11 Consukaney services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha FM Consulting Canada Inc Canada 12 Consultancy services __100% ordinary. 100% ordinary ~
Axcsys Limited $$ uK ———— 13 Consiiianey services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
—_—_—————Arnasys Financial Software Consulting . ; '
mean Canada 13. Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Arsys Consulting USA Ine USA 14 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Arasys Danmark ApS Denmark 15 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Lionpoint Hokings, Inc. USA 16 Consutancy services 100% ordinary NIA.
Lionpoint Group, LLC USA 17 Consultancy services 100% ordinary NIA
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited UK 18 ‘Consultancy services 100% ordinary NIA
Lionpoint Group SA ‘Switzerland 19 Consultancy services 100% ordinary. NIA
Lionpoint Group Pty Limited. = Australia 20 Consultancy services 100% ordinary NIA.
Lionpoint GmbH Germany 21 Consultancy services 100% ordinary NIA.
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting

(Insurance) France S.A.S. France 3 Consultancy services 100% ordinary NIA

1 Aliph Daa Solutions Limited changed to Aivig Limit tor 31 Mach 2022.

Page 17



===== page 20 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements.
31 March 2022

Notes (continued)

8 Fixed asset investments (continued)

Notes:

1, 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB

2. 12 East 49th Street, New York, NY 10017, USA

3. 6 Square de L’Opéra Louis Jouvet, 75009 Paris, France

4. 19721 Route d’Arlon — bloc B, L-8009 Strassen, Luxembourg

5. Spaces Zuidas, Barbara Strozzilan 101, 1083 HN, Amsterdam, The Netherlands
6. Bleicherweg 10, 8002 Zirich, Switzerland

7. Kurt- Blaum- Platz 8 63450 Hanau, Germany

8. 6 Raffles Quay #16-01, Singapore 048580

9. 20/F., Neich Tower, 128 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong

10, 383-385 George Street, Sydney NSW 2000

11. Belgrade, Serbia at Bulevar kralja Aleksandra no.52

12, Suite 1700, Park Place, 666 Burrard Street, Vancouver, BC V6C2X8, Canada
13. New Broad Street House, 35 New Broad Street, London, EC2M INH

14, Incorp Services, Inc., One Commerce Center, 1201 Orange Street #600, Witington, Delaware 19899
15, Flaesketorvet 68, DK-1711 Copenhagen, V Denmark

16, 251 Little Falls Drive, Witmington, DE 19808-1674, USA

17. 8 The Green, Suite A, Dover, Delaware 19901, USA

18, 5 Upper St. Martin's Lane, London, WC2H 9EA

19, Rue dltalic 11, 1204, Geneva, Switzerland

20. Ground Foor, 123 Walker Street, North Sydney NSW, 2060, Australia

21. clo KUNZ Rechtsanwaite, AntoniterstraBe 14-16, KéIn, 50667, Germany

9 Debtors

FY22 FY 21
£000 £000

‘Amounts owed by Group undertakings 15,387 326

15,387 326

The Directors are satisfied that all outstanding amounts from subsidiary group undertakings are recoverable. Expected credit loss in relation to amounts owed
by Group undertakings was immaterial in both the current and prior year.

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are interest free and are repayable on demand. The Company classifies all intercompany receivables that form a part of
the normal trading cycle of the Company as current, as well as non-trading balances where the counterparty has sufficient resources to settle the balance within
8 twelve month period from the balance sheet date. All other amounts owed by Group undertakings are considered as non-current assets. Of a total of
£15,423,000 (FY 21: £23,044,000) of amounts owed by Group undertakings, the Company recognised £35,000 (FY 21:

£22,718,000) within non-current assets and £15,387,000 (FY 21: £326,000) within current assets,

10 Cash and cash equivalents

FY22 FY21
£000 £000
Cash and cash equivalents. 31,184 124
Balance as at 31 March 2022 31,184 124

u Creditors: amounts falling due within one year
FY 22 FY 21
£000 £000
Amounts owed to Group undertakings 16,426 35,746
Other creditors 20,282 1,908
96,708 37,654

Amounts owed to Group undertakings are either interest-bearing or non-interest-bearing depending on the type of the creditor relationship and local regulatory
requirements, At the balance sheet date the majority of these balances are non- interest-bearing. All amounts owed to Group undertakings are repayable on
demand. It is the understanding of the Directors that the other Group entities have no intention to request the repayment of amounts owed within the next twelve
‘months.

Other creditors £20.3m relates to the deferred and contingent consideration, and other acquisition costs, due on the acquisition of Lionpoint in the next twelve months
and the remaining contingent consideration payment arising from the acquisition of Axxsys Limited at the balance sheet date, which was paid shortly after year end.

Page 18


===== page 21 =====
Notes (continued)

R Creditors: amounts falling due after more than one year
FY22 FY 21
£000 £000
Other creditors 20,146 907
20,146 9071

Within creditors falling due after more than one year is £1.9m (FY 21: £4,4m) associated
= Soiutions Li

ie potential eam-out payments linked to the acquisition of Obsidian
ted and £18.2m (FY 21: fnil) associated with deferred and contingent eamn-out payments relating to the Lionpoint acquisition,

Of the total £40.4m acquisition-related liability at the balance sheet date, £13.8m relates to deferred consideration and the remaining £26.6m relates to contingent

consideration. Within these deferred and contingent consideration liabilities, £2.2m relates to employment-linked amounts.

Sensitivity analysis

‘The Company is liable for contingent earn-out payments on the acquisitions of Axxsys, Obsidian and Lionpoint and, as at 31 March 2022, holds a liability that

represents the fair value of amounts that may become payable.

‘The fair value is determined by estimating the expected payment, discounted to present value, using a risk-adjusted discount rate. The expected payment is
determined separately in respect of each individual earn-out agreement, taking into consideration the expected level of financial performance of each acquisition.
‘The Company has assessed the estimation uncertainty of the liability held in relation to contingent consideration, inclusive of employment-linked amounts. This
provides a single sensitivity for each acquisition at the balance sheet date, as sensitivities applied to common underlying assumptions affect both elements of the

liability.

Lionpoint

If the discount rates used for the Lionpoint acquisition were to be 5% higher or lower than that assumed by management, the fair value of the liability recognised

within the Company would not change by a material amount,
Were the financial performance achieved by Lionpoint in the remaining earn-out period to increase by 5%, there would be a £0.9

increase to the earn-out while a

decrease of 5% would cause a £2.3m fall in the undiscounted eam-out. Additionally there would be a £1.4m decrease in the liability as at 31 March 2022, should

the financial performance fall by 5%. While a 5% increase would result in a £0.5m increase in the liability.

‘The Directors have also considered a reasonable range of circumstances to sensitise the forecast cash flows to calculate reasonable estimated carn-out pay-out
ranges for the Lionpoint acquisition. The directors have determined that the reasonable range of undiscounted earn-out payments is between £14,5m and £24.4m,

Azasys

‘The Axxsys undiscounted eam-out payment has been made following the end of the year to a value of £5.0m, therefore there was a high degree of certainty regarding

this amount at the balance sheet date.

Obsidian

The Directors have revised the range from the prior year of the total undiscounted cash outflows in relation to the Obsidian earn-out given the profitability of
Obsidian to date and the Company's latest forecasts. The Directors consider the Obsidian undiscounted eamn-out payments could reasonably be expected to be a
minimum of £ail (FY 21; £5.3m), while the total undiscounted cash outflows in relation to the eamn-out could reasonably reach a maximum of £5.6m (FY 21:

£9.3m).

‘The Directors have considered that if financial performance or the discount rate were to be 5% higher or lower, this would not have a material impact on

recognised nor the undiscounted ea-out.

13 Capital and reserves
Share capital
FY22 FY 21
£000 £000
Alloted, called up and fully paid
328243 ordinary ‘A’ shares of 10p each 33 3B
$970,623 ordinary “B’ shares of £1 each som 397
3,788 ordinary *C’ shares of £3.10 each 12 2
82,413 ordinary ‘ANV’ shares of 10p each 8 8
1,685 ordinary ‘E’ shares of 1p each - -
100,000 ordinary ‘Lux’ shares of 10p each 10 10
250,000 ordinary ‘USA’ shares of $0.10 each 15 15
24,450 ordinary ‘UK’ shares of 10p each 2 2
6,081 6051

The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the Company.

‘Share premium account

‘The balance classified as share premium as at 31 March 2022 and 31 March 2021 of £1,437,000 relates to the aggregate net proceeds less nominal value of

shares on issue of the Company’s equity share capital.
Dividends
An interim divi

ind payment totalling £12,500,000 was made to the Company's sole shareholder, Alpha FMC Group Limited (FY 21

6,000,000), to facilitate the

payment of the Group dividend made by the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, to its shareholders. This dividend was facilitated by
the receipt in the year of a dividend totalling £25,953,000 from the Company's subsidiaries. The Directors have not recommended the payment of a final dividend (FY

21: oil).

Page 19


===== page 22 =====
Notes (continued)

14 Related parties
Identity of related parties with which the Company has transacted

‘The Company has not engaged in any transactions with any related parties other than with wholly owned subsidiaries, These transactions have not been
disclosed as the Company has taken advantage of exemptions under FRS 101.

15 Ultimate parent company
‘The Company is a subsidiary undertaking of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, incorporated in England and Wales. The ul
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple.
Both the largest and smallest Group in which the results of the Company are consolidated is that headed by Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple,
incorporated in England and Wales. The consolidated financial statements of the Group are available to the public and may be obtained from 60 Gresham
Street, London, EC2V 7BB, or the website investors.alphafine.com.

te controlling party is

Page 20
