

===== page 1 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited

Annual report and financial statements
Registered number 07160664
31 March 2023

It

104XN*
15/11/2023 #40
COMPANIES HOUSE

|

it

A


===== page 2 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Contents

Company information 1
Strategic report

Directors’ report

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the strategic report, Director's report and the

financial statements 5
Independent auditor's report to the members of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited 6
Profit and loss account 9
Balance sheet . 10
Statement of changes in equity 11

Notes to financial statements 12


===== page 3 =====
Company information

Directors

Company number

Registered office

Auditor

Banker

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

JC Paton

GA Cook (Appointed 30 June 2022)
S Peacock (Appointed 30 June 2022)
E Fraser (Resigned 31 March 2023)

07160664

60 Gresham Street
London
EC2V 7BB

KPMG LLP
EastWest
Tolihouse Hill
Nottingham
NG1 5FS

HSBC Bank UK

71 Queen Victoria Street
London

EC4V 4AY

Page 1


===== page 4 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Strategic report

Business review

The Company functions as an intermediate holding entity within the wider Group’. As at 31 March 2023
(FY 232) the Company holds net assets of £18,428,000 (FY 22: £14,923,000). The Company's profit before
tax for the year was £23,090,000 (FY 22: £19,421,000), driven by dividend income received from the
Company's subsidiaries, partially offset by costs from the ongoing accounting for deferred and contingent
consideration related to the acquisition of Lionpoint Holdings, Inc. (“Lionpoint”) in FY 22. During the year,
an interim dividend in respect of the year ended 31 March 2023 of £20,000,000 (FY 22: £12,500,000) was
paid to the Company's sole shareholder, Alpha FMC Group Limited, to facilitate the payment of the Group
dividend made by the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc, to its
shareholders. This dividend was facilitated by the receipt of dividends of £30,578,000 (FY 22: £25,953,000)
from the Company's directly owned subsidiaries.

Key performance indicators

Working capital management and the sufficiency of assets held by the Company's subsidiaries is a key
indicator that is reviewed on a regular basis to monitor cashflow, liquidity and the recovery of trade
receivables. The Company itself has a strong balance sheet with net assets of £18,428,000 (FY 22:
£14,923,000).

Each month the Directors review the management accounts for each of the Company's subsidiaries and
compare actual performance against budget. Costs and utilisation are also reviewed to monitor profitability.

Principal risks and uncertainties

The performance of the Company's subsidiaries is subject to only limited risk in the short and medium term
as the future pipeline of work is good. The Company's subsidiaries continue to generate substantial cash
after retaining a proportion of profits to fund increased working capital requirements resulting from growth.
Management is mindful of the current macro uncertainty and recessionary environment, which include a
lengthening sales cycle and higher levels of competition. Management continues to monitor the market and
operate conversative cash management policies.

Future developments

The Company is expected to continue to operate as an intermediate holding company for the Group. No
other future developments are currently foreseen by the Directors.

Section 172 statement

Under Section 172(1) of the Companies Act 2006, a director of a company must act in the way he or she considers,
in good faith, would be most likely to promote the success of the Company for the benefit of its members as a
whole, and in doing so have regard (amongst other matters) to:

«the likely consequence of any decision in the long term;

« the interests of the Company's employees;

* the need to foster the Company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others;

* the impact of the Company's operations on the community and the environment;

* — the desirability of the Company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct; and
«the need to act fairly as between members of the Company.

The following disclosure describes how the Directors have had regard to the matters set out in Section 172(1)(a)
to (f) and forms the Directors’ statement under section 414CZA of the Companies Act 2006. The Company is a
holding company and does not have any employees or clients itself, therefore the disclosure below relates to
the Company and its subsidiaries (as listed in note 9 to the financial statements).

The Directors remain committed to engaging with all stakeholders and considering their interests when making
any strategic decisions. .

* Group refers to the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc, and its subsidiaries.
2 FY 23's the financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2023. By comparison, FY 22 is the previous financial year
covering the 12 months to 31 March 2022.

Page 2


===== page 5 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Strategic report (continued)

Engagement with key stakeholders

The Board considers its key stakeholders to be its employees, clients and the communities in which the
Company and its subsidiaries operates. The Board also recognises other stakeholder groups including
vendors and suppliers, industry bodies and competitors with which Alpha works or associates in the
marketplace. Engaging effectively with these stakeholders strengthens Alpha's business relationships and
decision and therefore supports its long-term success.

Employees

Attracting, retaining and developing the best talent is essential to Alpha's business success. Alpha is
committed to providing a highly rewarding place to work, and to maintaining a strong, meritocratic and
inclusive culture that recognises the importance of our people and encourages open communication. To
achieve this, there is a strong emphasis on interaction, open communication and the exchange of proactive
insights from the employee base. Employee feedback has always been a significant component of that
picture. An inclusive environment for all employees is encouraged through the prevalence of the Diversity
& Inclusion programme, and employees are incentivised to engage further with the wider objectives of the
business through a generous profit share scheme, and a share incentive plan available to senior
management.

Clients

The success of the Company and its subsidiaries is based on delivering a proposition that helps its clients
address their challenges and capitalise on their opportunities. Alpha works hard at developing and
sustaining long-term client relationships, which it supports through its global team of consultants and by
extending the range of services it offers and the types of projects it carries out.

Communities

Alpha is a growing, profitable business, committed to fostering the same growth and success within the .
communities in which it operates, which includes supporting organisations that are relevant to or active in
those communities. As part of this engagement, Alpha also considers how to maximise its corporate
responsibility and the positive environmental and social impacts of its activities, and to minimise the
downsides, which will give Alpha a solid baseline for developing relevant action plans and targets.

Please refer to pp. 30-33 of the Annual Report & Accounts 2023 of the ultimate parent company, Alpha
Financial Markets Consulting plc, for further details on the above key stakeholders, and the Group's
approach to engagement with each class of stakeholder.

Key Board decisions during the year

The Directors consider the following to be the key decisions and considerations they have made in the year
to 34 March 2023:

De n

issued the FY 22 Annual Report and financial [To ensure compliance with the requirements of the

lstatements to shareholders. Companies Act 2006 and the relevant accounting.
framework.

|The Board approved the appointment of two [To ensure the composition of the Board enables the

additional Directors. longoing effective management and oversight of the
Company.

[The Board agreed the FY 23 interim dividend |To facilitate the payment of Group dividends to the|
payable to the Company's parent, Alpha FMC shareholders of the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha]
\Group Limited. Financial Markets Consulting plc.

By order of the Board.
eg lode

Greg A Cook
Director

8 November 2023

Page 3


===== page 6 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Directors’ report

The Directors present their report and the audited financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2023.
Principal activities

The principal activity of the Company is that of a holding company.

Results and dividend

The results for the year are set out in the Strategic Report on p. 2 and in the profit and loss account on p. 9.
The Directors consider the current state of affairs of the Company to be satisfactory. During the year, an interim
dividend in respect of the year ended 31 March 2023 of £20,000,000 (FY 22: £12,500,000) was paid to the
Company's sole shareholder, Alpha FMC Group Limited, to facilitate the payment of the Group dividend made
by the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc, to its shareholders. The Directors
have not recommended the payment of a final dividend (FY 22: £nil).

Directors

The Directors who held office during the year and at the date of this report were as follows:

JC Paton

GA Cook (Appointed 30 June 2022)
S Peacock (Appointed 30 June 2022)
E Fraser (Resigned 31 March 2023)

Political contributions
The Company made no political donations and incurred no political expenditure during the year (FY 22: £nil).
Employee involvement

Details of how the Company and its subsidiaries engage with employees are set out in the Section 172 statement of
the strategic report on p. 2.

Alpha is a Disability Confident Employer. It is Alpha's policy to give full and fair consideration to all applications
for employment including from disabled people, having regard to their abilities and aptitudes. Full consideration
is given to continuing the employment of staff who become disabled, including considering them for other
reasonable positions and arranging appropriate training where required. Alpha aims to provide an inclusive
environment for all employees, regardless of sex, marital status, race, nationality, age, sexual orientation or
religion.

Engagement with suppliers and customers

The Directors note the importance of fostering strong relationships with customers and suppliers through open
communication and having regard for these relationships in strategic decisions made relating to the Company and
its subsidiaries.

Environmental reporting

In accordance with the Companies Act 2006 and HM Government's ‘Environmental Reporting Guidelines’, the
Company has not repeated those disclosures required in relation to the Company's environmental reporting
responsibilities (including Streamlined Energy and Carbon reporting) on the basis that this information is available
on our website in the Group's Annual Report & Accounts 2023 on pp. 40-41.

Disclosure of information to auditor

The Directors who held office at the date of approval of this Directors’ report confirm that, so far as they are
each aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the Company's auditor is unaware; and each
Director has taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as a Director to make themselves aware of any
relevant audit information and to establish that the Company's auditor is aware of that information.

Auditor

Pursuant to Section 487 of the Companies Act 2006, the auditor will be deemed to be reappointed and
KPMG LLP will therefore continue in office.

By order of the Board.

Gag lo

Greg A Cook
Director

60 Gresham Street
London
EC2V 7BB

8 November 2023
Page 4


===== page 7 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
34 March 2023
Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the strategic report and the
directors’ report and the financial statements

The Directors are responsible for preparing the strategic report and the Directors’ report and the financial
statements in accordance with applicable law
and regulations.

Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law
they have elected to prepare the financial statements in accordance with UK accounting standards and
applicable law (UK Generally Accepted Accounting Practice), including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure
Framework. .

Under Company law the Directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that
they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company
for that period. In preparing these financial statements, the Directors are required to:

+ select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;
+ make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

+ state whether applicable UK accounting standards have been followed, subject to any material
departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements;

+ assess the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related
to going concern; and

+ use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or
to cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and
explain the Company's transactions and disclose _ with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial
position of the Company and enable them to. ensure that the financial statements comply with the
Companies Act 2006. They are responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to
enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to
fraud or error, and have general responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to them to
safeguard the assets of the Company and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.

Page 5


===== page 8 =====
Alpha Financia! Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Group Limited

Opinion
We have audited the financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited (“the

Company’) for the year ended 31 March 2023 which comprise the balance sheet, profit and loss account,
statement of changes in equity and related notes, including the accounting policies in note 1.
In our opinion the financial statements:
+ give a true and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs as at 31 March 2023 and of its profit for
the year then ended;
+ have been properly prepared in accordance with UK accounting standards, including FRS 101
Reduced Disclosure Framework; and
+ have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.
Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)") and applicable
law. Our responsibilities are described below. We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and are

independent of the Company in accordance with, UK ethical requirements including the FRC Ethical Standard. We
believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis for our opinion.

Going concern

The directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concern basis as they do not intend to
liquidate the Company or to cease its operations, and as they have concluded that the Company's financial
position means that this is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no material uncertainties that
could have cast significant doubt over its ability to continue as a going concern for at least a year from the
date of approval of the financial statements (“the going concern period”).

In our evaluation of the directors’ conclusions, we considered the inherent risks to the Company's business
model and analysed how those risks might affect the Company's financial resources or ability to continue
operations over the going concern period.
Our conclusions based on this work:
+ we consider that the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the
financial statements is appropriate;

+ we have not identified, and concur with the directors’ assessment that there is not, a material
uncertainty related to events or conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt
on the Company's ability to continue as a going concern for the going concern period.

However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in
outcomes that are inconsistent with judgements that were reasonable at the time they were made, the above
conclusions are not a guarantee that the Company will continue in operation.

Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations — ability to detect

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to fraud

To identify risks of material misstatement due to fraud (‘fraud risks”) we assessed events or conditions that

could indicate an incentive or pressure to commit fraud or provide an opportunity to commit fraud. Our risk
assessment procedures included:

« — Enquiring of directors as to the Company's high-level policies and procedures to prevent and detect
fraud, as well as whether they have knowledge of any actual, suspected or alleged fraud.

* Reading Board minutes.

« Considering remuneration incentive schemes and performance targets for management and
Directors.

« Using analytical procedures to identify any unusual or unexpected relationships.

We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit team and remained alert to any indications of
fraud throughout the audit.

As required by auditing standards, we perform procedures to address the risk of management override of
controls, in particular the risk that management may be in a position to make inappropriate accounting
entries. On this audit we do not believe there is a fraud risk related to revenue recognition because there
are no revenue transactions.

We did not identify any additional fraud risks. We performed procedures including:
e — Identifying journal entries to test based on risk criteria and comparing the identified entries to

supporting documentation. These included unusual pairings with a credit or debit to an account
below EBITDA, unusual journals with a credit or debit entry to cash.

* Assessing significant accounting estimates for bias.
Page 6


===== page 9 =====
Alpha Financia! Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Group Limited (continued)

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to non-compliance with laws and regulations

We identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably be expected to have a material effect on
the financial statements from our general commercial and sector experience, and through discussion with
the Directors and other management (as required by auditing standards), and discussed with the Directors
and other management the policies and procedures regarding compliance with laws and regulations.

We communicated identified laws and regulations throughout our team and remained alert to any
indications of non-compliance throughout the audit.

The potential effect of these laws and regulations on the financial statements varies considerably.

Firstly, the Company is subject to laws and regulations that directly affect the financial statements including
financial reporting legislation (including related companies legislation), distributable profits legislation and
taxation legislation, and we assessed the extent of compliance with these laws and regulations as part of
our procedures on the related financial statement items.

Secondly, the Company is subject to many other laws and regulations where the consequences of non-
compliance could have a material effect on amounts or disclosures in the financial statements, for instance
through the imposition of fines or litigation. We identified the following areas as those most likely to have
such an effect: anti-bribery and employment law recognising the financial nature of the Company's
activities. Auditing standards limit the required audit procedures to identify non-compliance with these laws
and regulations to enquiry of the directors and other management and inspection of regulatory and legal
correspondence, if any. Therefore if a breach of operational regulations is not disclosed to us or evident
from relevant correspondence, an audit will not detect that breach.

Context of the ability of the audit to detect fraud or breaches of law or regulation

Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an unavoidable risk that we may not have detected
some material misstatements in the financial statements, even though we have properly planned and
performed our audit in accordance with auditing standards. For example, the further removed non-
compliance with laws and regulations is from the events and transactions reflected in the financial
statements, the less likely the inherently limited procedures required by auditing standards would identify
it.

In addition, as with any audit, there remained a higher risk of non-detection of fraud, as these may involve
collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal controls. Our audit
Procedures are designed to detect material misstatement. We are not responsible for preventing non-
compliance or fraud and cannot be expected to detect non-compliance with all laws and regulations.

Strategic report and Directors’ report

The directors are responsible for the strategic report and the directors’ report. Our opinion on the financial
statements does not cover those reports and we do not express an audit opinion thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the strategic report and the directors’ report and, in doing so, consider whether,
based on our financial statements audit work, the information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent
with the financial statements or our audit knowledge. Based solely on that work:

* we have not identified material misstatements in the strategic report and the directors’ report;

« in our opinion the information given in those reports for the financial year is consistent with the
financial statements; and

« — in our opinion those reports have been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception
Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:

* adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been
received from branches not visited by us; or

e the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or
¢ certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or
we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit

We have nothing to report in these respects.

Page 7


===== page 10 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Group Limited (continued)

Directors’ responsibilities

As explained more fully in their statement set out on page 5, the Directors are responsible for: the
preparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view; such
internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; assessing the Company's ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern; and using the
going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsi ies

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue our opinion in an
auditor's report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but does not guarantee that an
audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in aggregate,
they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of
the financial statements.

A fuller description of our responsi
www. frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsil

lities is provided on the FRC’s website at
ies.

The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities

This report is made solely to the Company's members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of
the Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the Company's
members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no other purpose. To
the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the
Company and the Company's members, as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we
have formed.

Ax

Craig Parkin (Senior Statutory Auditor)

for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
Chartered Accountants

East West,

Tollhouse Hill

Nottingham NG1 5FS

10 November 2023

Page 8


===== page 11 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Profit & loss account

for the year ended 31 March 2023

Year ended Year ended

Note 34 March 2023 ‘31 March 2022

£000 £000
+ Administration expenses 2 (5,263) (4,045)
Operating loss (5,263) (4,045)
Finance expense u 6 (2,588) (2,487)
Finance income 7 363 . -
Income from shares in Group undertakings 30,578 25,953
Profit before taxation 23,090 19,421
Taxation income 8 415 18

Profit for the financial year 23,505 19,439

tn both the current and preceding year, the Company made no acquisitions and had no discontinued operations.

There was no other comprehensive income in either the current or preceding year other than those disclosed in
the profit and toss account, and therefore no separate statement of other comprehensive income has been
presented.

The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.

Page 9


===== page 12 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Balance sheet

As at 31 March 2023
As at Asat
Note 34 March 2023 31 March 2022
2000 £000 £000 £000
Non-current assets
Investments 9 85,174 85,171
Amounts owed by Group undertakings 10 : 35
85,174 85,206
‘Current assets
Trade and other receivables 10 2715 15,387
Corporation tax 187 :
Cash and cash equivalents 1 24,300 31,184
49,202 46,571
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables 12 (107,026) (96,708)
(107,026) (96,708)
Net current liabilities (57,824) (60,137)
Total assets less current liabilities 27,350 35,069
Non-current lial Ss
‘Other non-current liabilities 13 (8,922) (20,146)
Net assets 18,428 14,923
Capital and reserves
Issued share capital 14 6,051 6,051
‘Share premium 14 1,437 1,437
Capital contribution reserve . 72 72
Other reserves 137 137,
Retained earnings 10,731 7228
Total Shareholders’ equity 18,428 14,923

The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements. These financial statements were approved and
authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 8 November 2023. They were signed on its behalf by:

(eg lode

Greg A Cook
Director

Company registered number: 07160664

Page 10


===== page 13 =====
Statement of changes in equity
for the year ended 31 March 2023

As at 1 April 2021

Total comprehensive Income for the period
Profit for the period

Transactions with owners
Dividends

‘As at 31 March 2022

Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit for the period

Transactions with owners

Dividends

‘As at 31 March 2023

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements.
31 March 2023

Issued Capital Total
share ‘Share contribution Other —_—_—Retained Shareholders’
capital — premium reserve reserves earnings equity
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
6,051 1437 72 137 287 7,984
: - - : 19,439 19,439

- : - (12,500) (12,500)
6,051 1437 2 137 7,226 14,923
. - : 23,505 23,505

- - - : (20,000) (20,000)
6,051 4,437 72 137 10,731 18,428

The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.

Page 11


===== page 14 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
34 March 2023

Notes to the financial statements
(forming part of the financial statements)

1 Accounting policies

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited (the “Company”) is a company limited by shares,
domiciled and registered in the UK. The registered number is 07160664 and the registered address is 60
Gresham Street, London EC2V 7BB.

These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced
Disclosure Framework ("FRS 101”).

In preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement and disclosure
requirements of International Financial Reporting Standards (“Adopted IFRSs”), but makes amendments where
necessary in order to comply with Companies Act 2006 and has set out below where advantage of the FRS 101
disclosure exemptions has been taken.

The Company's ultimate parent undertaking, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, includes the Company in
its consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets
Consulting Pic are available to the public and may be obtained from 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB or
on the website at alphafmc.com/investors.

In these financial statements, the Company has applied the exemptions available under FRS 101 in respect of
the following disclosures:

* —acash flow statement and related notes;

* comparative period reconciliations for share capital, tangible fixed assets, intangible assets and
investment properties;

* — disclosures in respect of transactions with wholly owned subsidiaries;

* disclosures in respect of capital management;

« the effects of new but not yet effective IFRS;

* — disclosures in respect of the compensation of key management personnel;

* disclosures of transactions with a management entity that provides key management personnel
services to the Company; and

* disclosures of related party transactions.
As the consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc include the equivalent

disclosures, the Company has also taken the exemptions under FRS 101 available in respect of the following
disclosures:

« IFRS 2 Share-based Payment in respect of Group settled share-based payments; and
* Certain disclosures required by IFRS 16 Leases in relation to disclosure of the Company's leasing
activities.
The accounting policies set out below have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods
presented in these financial statements.

1.7 Basis of preparation

These financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, except for certain financial
instruments that are measured at fair value.

The presentational currency of these financial statements and the functional currency of the Company is pounds
sterling. All amounts in these financial statements have been rounded to the nearest £1,000, unless stated
otherwise.

1.2 Significant judgements and estimates

The preparation of financial information in accordance with IFRS requires management to make judgements,
estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and reported amounts of assets,
liabilities, income and expenses.

Judgements

In the process of applying the Company's accounting policies, the Directors have made one judgement (excluding
those involving estimations), which is considered to have a significant effect on the financial statements for the
year ended 31 March 2023.

Identification of the cash-generating unit comprising Obsidian Solutions Ltd and Aiviq Ltd

As further disclosed in the estimates section below, the Company has performed a value in use assessment of
the £7.8m investment held in Obsidian Solutions Ltd. The Company has applied judgement in determining the
appropriate level at which to assess the financial performance of Obsidian and Aiviq for the purpose of calculating
the value in use of the Obsidian and Aiviq investments.

Page 12


===== page 15 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)
1.2 Significant judgements and estimates (continued)

Following the acquisition of Obsidian in the year ended 31 March 2020, the two entities have become
increasingly integrated each year, due to the complimentary nature of their respective propositions, and in FY
23 are managed as a single cash-generating unit with one shared management team and client base.

The Directors have therefore made the judgement that these entities represent one cash-generating unit for the
purpose of the valuation of the Company's investments in Obsidian and Aivig.

Estimates

The Directors have identified the following areas as key estimates that are considered to have a significant risk
of resulting in a material adjustrient to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities within the next financial year.

Acquisition earn-outs

Alpha’s acquisition earn-out liability calculations under IFRS 3 contain estimation uncertainty, as the earn-out
potentially payable in each case is linked to the future performance of the acquiree. To determine the fair value
of the earn-out liability at the balance sheet date, management has assessed the potential future cash flows of
the acquired businesses respectively and the likelihood of an earn-out payment being made and discounted
using an appropriate discount rate. These estimates could potentially change because of events over the coming
years. Refer to note 13 for sensitivity analysis.

Valuation of the Company's investment in Obsidian Solutions Ltd

Following the acquisition of Obsidian Solutions Limited in the year-ended 31 March 2020, the Company
recognised an initial investment of £7.8m in the statement of financial position. Following a period of uncertainty
in the early years of ownership, primarily due to COVID-19 in the years post-acquisition; performance has not
yet reached the anticipated levels from the acquisition date. At each reporting date the Company reviews the
recoverable amount of this investment through the calculation of its value in use. Despite making assumptions
that are considered to reflect management's best estimate of future performance at the balance sheet date, the
Directors note that there remains a significant risk of a material adjustment to the valuation of this investment
within the next financial year due to the sensitivity of these calculations to changes in assumptions.

Please refer to note 9 for sensitivity analysis and further detail on the assumptions applied by management.

1.3 Going concern

In assessing the Company's ability to continue on a going concern basis for a period of at least 12 months
from the approval of these financial statements (the “going concern period"), the Directors considered the
Company's projected cash flows, access to intercompany funding from other Group entities, cash liquidity
and existing borrowing facilities.

Notwithstanding net current liabilities of £57,824,000 as at 31 March 2023, the financial statements have
been prepared on a going concern basis. The Directors consider this to be appropriate on the basis of
cash flow forecasts prepared for the wider Group, which support the ability of the Company to operate as
a going concern. The Group prepared cash flow forecasts covering the going concern period. The Directors
of the Group considered the principal risks and mitigants and analysed a range of cash flow downside
scenarios including a “reverse-stress test” scenario. This models the decline in sales that the Group would
be able to absorb over the going concern period before utilising all of the existing cash reserves available.
The Directors consider this scenario and the sequence of events that could lead to it to be remote, as it
requires annualised revenue reductions of close to 40% compared to the base case, before modelling any
mitigating actions, including cost reductions. Refer to p. 94 of the Group's ‘Annual Report & Accounts 2023’
for further details.

The ability of the Company to settle its liabilities as they fall due within the going concer period is dependent
on the Company's ultimate parent company, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc, not seeking repayment of
the amounts currently due to other companies controlled by the Group, which at 31 March 2023 amounted to
£90,822,000. The Company also has access to additional funding through other Group entities, via the Group's
revolving credit facility ("RCF”) of £50.0m, and the strength of the Group's cash position. As with any company
placing reliance on other group entities for financial support, the Directors acknowledge that there can be no
certainty that this support will continue although, at the date of approval of these financial statements, they have
no reason to believe that it will not do so.

After careful consideration, the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company's existing resources,
supplemented by the support of the wider Group, are adequate to meet its requirements over the going concem
period. On this basis, the Directors consider that it is appropriate to adopt the going concern basis in preparing
the financial statements.

Page 13


===== page 16 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)
1.4 Foreign currency

Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the Company's functional currency at the average
foreign exchange rate in the month of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in
foreign currencies at the balance sheet date are retranslated to the functional currency at the foreign
exchange rate ruling at that date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of
historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the average exchange rate in the month of the
transaction and are not retranslated. Foreign exchange differences arising on translation to functional
currency are recognised in administration expenses.

1.5 Financial instruments

The Company uses financial instruments comprising cash and cash equivalents and other short-term
instruments, such as trade payables that arise from its operations. The main purpose of these financial
instruments is to fund the Company's business strategy and working capital requirements.

Accounting policies in respect of financial instruments are outlined below.
Financial assets

Financial assets are initially measured at fair value plus or minus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair
value through profit or loss, transaction costs. The Company has not reclassified any financial assets
subsequent to initial recognition as at the balance sheet date. Reclassification of classes of financial assets
is accounted for prospectively in accordance with IFRS 9, where this is required. Any difference on
reclassification from amortised cost to fair value through profit or loss is recognised in the profit and loss
at the reclassification date.

Financial assets are assessed at each reporting date to determine a lifetime expected credit loss that
reflects the credit risk associated with the portfolio of assets. A financial asset is impaired in line with the
simplified approach under IFRS 9 which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance.

The Company recognises an expected credit loss provision in relation to financial assets. The simplified
method is applied to the Company's trade receivables as described below. The Company's expected credit
loss provision on all other financial assets is immaterial as the probability of default is low. Movements in
the expected credit loss provision are recognised in profit or loss.

Amounts owed by Group undertakings

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at
amortised cost, less provision for impairment. A provision for impairment of intercompany receivables is
established using an expected credit loss model. The Company classifies all intercompany receivables
that form a part of the normal trading cycle of the Company as current, as well as non-trading balances
where the counterparty has sufficient resources to settle the balance within a twelve month period from the
balance sheet date. All other amounts owed by Group undertakings are considered as non-current assets.

Cash and cash equivalents”

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and call deposits and are recorded and subsequently
measured at amortised cost in line with IFRS 9.

Financial liabilities

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial
liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss. Financial liabilities are
classified as held for trading if they are acquired for the purpose of selling in the near term. This category
includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Company that are not designated as hedging
instruments in hedge relationships as defined by IFRS 9. As at 31 March 2023, the Company had no
derivative financial instruments or designated hedge relationships.

Other financial liabilities held by the Company are recognised at amortised cost.

Amounts owed to Group undertakings

Amounts owed to Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at
amortised cost. Balances due within one year are not discounted.

Investments in subsidiaries
Investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost less any provision for impairment. The Company monitor for

indicators of impairment at each reporting period, and a full impairment assessment is performed on an
annual basis.

The Directors have deemed that no impairment was required in both the current and prior years.
Interest-bearing borrowings

interest-bearing borrowings are recognised initially at fair value less attributable transaction costs.
Subsequent to initial recognition, interest-bearing borrowings are stated at amortised cost using the
effective interest method, less any impairment losses.

Page 14


===== page 17 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023,

Notes to the financial statements (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)
1.6 Non-financial assets
Non-financial assets

The carrying amounts of the entity's non-financial assets, other than deferred tax assets, are reviewed at
each reporting date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists,
then the assets’ recoverable amount is estimated. The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating
unit is the greater of its value in use and its fair value, less costs to sell. In assessing value in use, the
estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects
current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset.

For the purposes of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into
the smallest group of assets that generates independent cash inflows (the “cash-generating unit”); that is,
cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or groups
of assets.

An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated
recoverable amount. Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. Impairment losses are allocated
between the carrying amounts of other assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro-rata basis as a reduction
in the value of the asset.

An impairment loss is reversed if and only if the reasons for the impairment have ceased to apply.

Impairment losses recognised in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indication that the
loss has decreased or no longer exists. An impairment loss is only reversed to the extent that the asset's
carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation
or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

1.7 Contingent and non-contingent deferred consideration on acquisition

Contingent and deferred consideration may arise on acquisitions. Deferred consideration may arise when
settlement of all or part of the cost of business combination falls due after the acquisition was completed.
Contingent consideration may arise where consideration is dependent on the future performance of the
acquired company.

Deferred and contingent consideration associated with business combinations settled in cash is assessed in
line with agreed contractual terms. Consideration payable is discounted for the time value of money and
recognised as capital investment cost at fair value when the deferred or contingent consideration is not
employment-linked. Alternatively, where amounts payable are contingent upon future employment, these
amounts are recognised as a remuneration expense over the deferral or contingent performance period.

In circumstances where there is an option to settle in the form of cash or a variable number of shares, the
Company recognises a financial liability for the fair value of the discounted consideration. Where
consideration is settled in a fixed number of shares, the consideration is classified as equity, it is not re-
measured, and settlement is accounted for within equity. Otherwise, subsequent changes to the fair value
of the deferred and contingent consideration are recognised in the statement of comprehensive income.

At each balance sheet date, consideration liabilities comprise the fair value of the remaining contingent or
deferred consideration valued at acquisition, and the cumulative value of the employment-linked amounts
recognised through statement of comprehensive income since acquisition.

At each balance sheet date, the fair value of the liabilities initially recognised at the acquisition date is
measured using level 3 inputs in accordance with the fair value hierarchy and as such these calculations
contain estimation uncertainty, as they relate to future performance. The key inputs associated with the
valuation of these liabilities include the potential future cash flows of each acquired business, the likelihood
of an earn-out payment being made and developing an appropriate discount rate to apply to these future
cash flows. Changes in the carrying value of these liabilities associated with the passage of time are
recognised as a finance cost, whereas changes in the underlying forecasts supporting the fair value are
recognised within administration expenses as an adjusting item.

1.8 Finance income and finance expense

Finance income includes interest receivable on cash invested. Finance expense includes interest payable,
unwinding of the discount on provisions, and discount unwinding associated with leases within the scope of
IFRS 16.

Interest income and interest payable on bank loans or amounts due to certain Group undertakings is
recognised in profit or loss as it accrues, using the effective interest method.

Page 15


===== page 18 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Notes to the financial statements (continued)

1 Accounting pol
1.9 Dividends
Dividend income

Dividend income is recognised in the profit and loss account on the date the entity's right to receive the
dividend is established.

Dividends payable

Dividends payable are recognised in the statement of changes in equity on the date the entity's obligation to
pay the dividend is established.

1.10 Taxation

Taxation expense on the result for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Current and deferred tax is
recognised in the profit & loss account, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in
equity, in which case it is recognised in equity.

Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income for the period, using tax rates
enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of
previous periods.

Deferred tax is provided using the balance sheet liability method, providing for temporary differences
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used
for taxation purposes. The amount of deferred tax provided is based on the expected manner of realisation
or settlement of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted
at the balance sheet date.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent
that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to
be recovered. Deferred tax assets-and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off
current tax assets against current tax liabilities, and when they relate to taxes levied by the same taxation
authority and the Company intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

1.17 New accounting standards and interpretations

The following changes in accounting policies were applied by the Company in these financial statements
for the year ended 31 March 2023. These included the adoption of new standards and interpretations
described below.

The International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) have
issued the following:standards and interpretations which are now effective:

+ Reference to the Conceptual Framework (Amendments to IFRS 3), effective from 1 January 2022;

+ Property, Plant and Equipment — Proceeds before Intended Use (Amendments to IAS 16), effective
from 1 January 2022;

+ Onerous Contracts — Cost of Fulfilling a Contract (Amendments to IAS 37), effective from 1 January
2022; and

+ Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2018-20 Cycle, effective from 1 January 2022.

The Directors reviewed the nature and effect of these new standards on the Company and noted no
material impact on the financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2023.

The Directors have considered new standards and interpretations that have been issued but not yet been
effective, however have applied the exemption not to disclose this information under FRS 101.

Page 16


===== page 19 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Notes to the financial statements (continued)

2 Administration expenses

FY 23 FY 22

£000 £000

Fair value adjustment on contingent acquisition consideration 667 (2.677)
Employment-linked consideration 1,658 4,100
Social security on employment-iinked consideration 200 228
Foreign exchange loss 2,737 2,355
Other 1 39
Total administration expenses 5,263 4,045

The foreign exchange loss of £2.7m (FY 22: £2.4m) primarily relates to losses on re-translation of the Lionpoint
acquisition liability denominated in US dollars, and amounts owed to Group undertakings denominated in
various foreign currencies. These losses are partially offset by a foreign exchange gain on US dollar cash
balances.

3 Auditor's remuneration
FY 23 FY 22
£000 £000
Audit of these financial statements 36 25

Amounts receivable by the Company's auditor and its associates in respect of services to the Company and its
associates, other than the audit of the Company's financial statements, have not been disclosed as the
information is required instead to be disclosed on a consolidated basis in the consolidated financial statements
of the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc.

4 Staff numbers and costs
The Company had no employees during the current or prior period.

5 Directors’ remuneration

The Directors of the Company are paid out of other entities within the Group. The Directors believe that the
value of their services in respect of the Company, in both the current and prior period, was negligible and
therefore has not been disclosed.

6 Finance expense
FY 23 FY 22
£000 £000
Interest payable 171 -
Unwind of discounting on deferred and contingent consideration 2,417 2,487
Total finance expense 2,588 2,487
7 Finance Income
FY 23 FY 22
£000 £000
Interest receivable 363 :
Total finance income 363 -

Page 17


===== page 20 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Notes to the financial statements (continued)

8 Taxation
FY 23 FY 22

2000 £000 £000 £000
Current tax
Current tax on income for the period (187) :
Group relief payable/(receivable) 3 (18)
Adjustments in respect of prior periods (231) -
Total current tax (415) (18)
Deferred tax
‘Adjustments in respect of prior periods : -
Total deferred tax : -
Total tax credit for the year (415) (18)

An increase in the UK corporation tax rate from 19% to 25% (effective 1 April 2023) was substantively enacted during
the prior year on 24 May 2021. In FY 24, this change will increase the Company's current tax charge accordingly.

The difference between the total tax expense shown above and the amount calculated by applying the standard rate
of UK corporation tax to the profit before tax is as follows:

FY 23 FY 22
£000 £000
Profit before taxation 23,090 19,421
‘Tax using the UK corporation tax rate of 19% (FY 22: 19%) 4,387 3,690
Income not taxable for tax purposes (5,810) (4,931)
Adjustments in respect of prior periods (231) -
Non-deductible expenses 1,239 1,223
Group relief (received)/surrendered @) 18
Receipt/(payment) for group relief 3 (18)
Total tax credit for the year , (415) (18)
9 Fixed asset investments
Shares in
Group undertakings
£000
Cost
At 4 April 2021 31,541
Additions 53,630
Disposals -
At31 March 2022 85,171
Additions 3
Disposals :
‘At 31 March 2023 85,174

The Company's fixed asset investments are all in relation to investments in subsidiaries. The Company holds
no tangible fixed assets.

During the year, the Company made an investment of £3k in a newly incorporated entity, Alpha Financial Markets
Group Spain S.L.U..

Impairment review of investment in Obsidian Solutions Ltd

As disclosed within note 1.1, the valuation of the Company's investment in Obsidian Solutions Ltd (“Obsidian”)
is a significant estimate in these financial statements. In performing an impairment analysis on this investment,
the Group have identified the appropriate cash-generating unit (‘CGU”) upon which to perform a discounted
cash flow analysis to measure the value-in-use of this CGU. In identifying the most appropriate CGU the
Directors have applied judgement and considered the combined financial performance of Obsidian Solutions
Ltd and Aiviq Ltd, as disclosed within note 1.1. These investments have a carrying value of £7.8m and Enil,
respectively.

Page 18


===== page 21 =====
Notes to the financial statements (continued)
9 Fixed asset investments (continued)

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements,

31 March 2023

In the calculation of the value in use of this investment, several assumptions have been made that reflect
management's best estimates at the balance sheet date. The Board-approved budget for FY 24 forms the basis
for the cash-flow projections for the next financial year. The cash-flow projections for the four years subsequent
to the budget year reflect the Directors’ expectations of the medium-term operating performance of the CGU.
Key assumptions used in the value in use calculation include the appropriate discount rate, medium-term growth
rate and long-term growth rate to apply to the CGU’s financial forecasts. The key assumptions are summarised

below:
Pre-tax discount rate 14.8%
Medium-term growth rate 22.5%
Long-term growth rate 0.75%
Sensitivity analysis

As noted above, a change in the assumptions applied in the calculation of value in use for this investment could result
in a material change to the carrying amount of the investment in the next financial year. The Company has performed
sensitivity analysis on the key assumptions as set out below to reflect the impact of reasonably possible changes:

+ A 4% increase in the pre-tax discount rate from 14.8% to 18.8% would result in an impairment of £0.4m.
» A 10% decrease in the assumed medium-term growth rate from 22.5% to 12.5% for the period from FY 25 to

FY 28 would result in an impairment of £1.4m.

* The Directors consider that no reasonably possible change to the long-term growth rate could result in

impairment of this investment.

* The Directors note that the sensitivity analysis shown above demonstrates that despite management applying
their best estimate to these assumptions at the reporting date, there remains risk that this investment may

become impaired were these assumptions to prove inaccurate.

The undertakings in which the Company had interest at the year end of more than 20% are as follows:

Countryof —_—Reglstered

‘Subsidiary undertakings Incorporation address
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited UK 1
‘Alpha Technology Services Consulting Limited UK 1
Aivig Limited’ uK 1
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting, inc. USA 2
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting S.AS. France 3
i rkets Consultin, in
Apo Financial Ma i (Insurance) France 3
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting (Luxembourg) S.A. Luxembourg 4
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Netherlands B.V. Netherlands 5
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Switzerland S.A. ‘Switzerland 6
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Germany GmbH? Germany 7
Alpha Financiat Markets Consulting Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore 8
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Hong Kong Lit Hong Kong 9

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Australia PTY Limited Australia

‘Avssys Limited UK
‘Aussys Financial Software Consulting Canada Limited Canada
‘Axxsys Consulting USA Inc. USA
‘Acxsys Danmark ApS Denmark
‘Obsidian Solutions Limited UK

Alpha Technology Services Consutting S.AS. France
‘Obsidian Alpha Data Solutions LLC Serbia
‘Alpha FM Consulting Canada inc. Canada
Lionpoint Holdings, inc. UsA
Lionpoint Group, LLC. USA
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited UK
ionpoint Group SA. Switzerland
Lionpoint Group Pty Limited Australia
Lionpoint GmbH + Germany
Abpha Data Solutions Limited uK
Aipha Financial Markets Group Spain S.L.U. + Spain
‘Alpha FMC (Newco) Limited uk

1 Aivig Limited (formerly Alpha Data Solutions Limited) changed its name in FY 23.

2
4
23
1

Principal activity

Consultancy services
Dormant

Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services

Consultancy services

Consultancy services,
Consultancy services,
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services:
Consultancy services.
Consultancy services,
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services,
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Dormant

Consultancy services
Dormant

2 TrackTwo GmbH has changed its name to Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Germany GmbH.

Page 19

Class and
percentage of
shares hold -
34 March 2023,

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
400% ordinary

Class and
percentage of
shares held -
31 March 2022

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
NA

NA

NA


===== page 22 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
9 Fixed asset investments (continued)

Registered addresses:

1. 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB, UK

2. 12 East 49th Street, New York, NY 10017, USA

3. 6 Square de L'Opera Louis Jouvet, 75009 Paris, France

4. 19/21 Route d'Arlon - bloc B, L-8009 Strassen, Luxembourg

5. Strozzilaan 101, Amsterdam, 1083 HN, The Netherlands

6. Stockerstrasse 55, 8002 Ziirich, Switzerland

7. Kurt- Blaum- Platz 8 63450, Hanau, Germany

8. 6A Shenton Way #04-01 Downtown Gallery, Singapore 068815

9. 22/F Neich Tower, 128 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong

10. Quay Quarter Tower, 50 Bridge Street, Sydney.NSW 2000, Australia

11. New Broad Street House, 35 New Broad Street, London, EC2M 1NH, UK
12. 1800-13401 108th Avenue, Surrey, British Columbia V3T 5T3, Canada
13. Incorp Services, Inc., One Commerce Center, 1201 Orange Street #600, Wilmington, Delaware 19899, USA
14. Flaesketorvet 68, DK-1711 Copenhagen, Denmark

15. Dvadesetsedmog marta 6-6a, 11060 Palilula, Belgrade, Serbia

16. Suite 1700, Park Place, 666 Burrard Street, Vancouver, BC V6C2X8, Canada
17. 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, Delaware 19808-1674, USA

18. 8 The Green, Suite A, Dover, Delaware 19901, USA

19. 5 Upper St. Martin's Lane, London WC2H SEA, USA

20. Rue d'ttalie 11, 1204 Geneva, Switzerland

21. Ground Floor, 123 Walker Street, North Sydney NSW 2060, Australia
22. clo KUNZ Rechtsanwalte, Antoniterstrake 14-16, Kéln, 50667, Germany
23. PP/DE LA CASTELLANA numero 18 7°, 28046, Madrid, Spain

10 Trade and other receivables

FY 23 FY22

£000 £000

Amounts owed by Group undertakings 27,715 15,387
Total amounts due within one year 27,715 15,387

The Directors are satisfied that all outstanding amounts from subsidiary group undertakings are recoverable.
Expected credit loss in relation to amounts owed by Group undertakings was immaterial in both the current and
prior year.

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are interest free and are repayable on demand. The Company classifies
all intercompany receivables that form a part of the normal trading cycle of the Company as current, as well as
non-trading balances where the counterparty has sufficient resources to settle the balance within a twelve month
period from the balance sheet date. All other amounts owed by Group undertakings are considered as non-
current assets. Of a total of £27,715,000 (FY 22: £15,422,000) of amounts owed by Group undertakings, the
Company recognised Enil (FY 22: £35,000) within non-current assets and £27,715,000 (FY 22: £15,387,000)
within current assets.

1 Cash and cash equivalents
FY 23 FY 22
£000 “2000
Cash at bank 21,300 31,184
Cash and cash equivalents 21,300 31,184

All cash and cash equivalents held by the Company are available for use by the Company with no restrictions.

Page 20


===== page 23 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
12 Trade and other payables

FY 23 Fy 22

£000 £000

‘Amounts owed to Group undertakings 90,822 76,426
Other payables ° 16,204 20,282
Total amounts owed within one year 107,026 98,708

Amounts owed to Group undertakings are either interest-bearing or non-interest-bearing depending on the type
of the creditor relationship and local regulatory requirements. At the balance sheet date the majority of these
balances are non-interest-bearing. All amounts owed to Group undertakings are repayable on demand. It is the
understanding of the Directors that the other Group entities have no intention to request the repayment of amounts.
owed within the next twelve months.

Other payables of £16.2m (FY 22: £20.3m) predominantly relates to the deferred and contingent consideration, and
other acquisition-related amounts, due on the Lionpoint acquisition in the next twelve months.

13 Other non-current liabi

FY 23 FY 22

£000 £000

Other payables 8,922 20,146
Total other non-current liabilities 8,922 20,146

As at 31 March 2023, other payables of £8.9m relates to contingent earn-out payments on the Lionpoint acquisition
due after more than twelve months. In FY 22, other payables of £20.1m comprised £18.2m related to the Lionpoint
acquisition and £1.9m related to the Obsidian acquisition.

Of the total £25.1m (FY 22: £40.4m) acquisition-related liability at the balance sheet date, £7.4m (FY 22: £13.8m)
relates to deferred consideration and the remaining £17.7m (FY 22: £26.6m) relates to contingent consideration.
Within these deferred and contingent consideration liabilities, £2.6m (FY 22: £2.2m) relates to employment-linked |
amounts.

Sensitivity analysis

The Company is liable for contingent earn-out payments on the acquisition of Lionpoint and, as at 31 March 2023,
holds a liability that represents the fair value of amounts that may become payable.

The fair value is determined by estimating the expected payment, discounted to present value, using a risk-adjusted
discount rate. The expected payment is determined separately in respect of each individual earn-out agreement,
taking into consideration the expected level of financial performance of each acquisition. The Company has assessed
the estimation uncertainty of the liability held in relation to contingent consideration, inclusive of employment-linked
amounts. This provides a single sensitivity at the balance sheet date, as sensitivities applied to common underlying
assumptions affect both elements of the liability.

If the discount rates used for the Lionpoint acquisition were to be 5% higher or lower than that assumed by
management, the fair value of the liability recognised would not change by a material amount.

Were the financial performance achieved by Lionpoint in FY 24 to decrease by 30% from the Board-approved budget,
the undiscounted amount to be paid for the third earn-out would remain unchanged at £10.0m. Were the financial
performance achieved by Lionpoint in FY 24 to decrease by 40% from the Board-approved budget, the undiscounted
amount to be paid for the third earn-out would be £2.8m lower at an amount of £7.2m and the discounted liability as
at 31 March 2023 would decrease by £2.3m.

The Directors have also considered a reasonable range of circumstances to sensitise the forecast cash flows to
calculate reasonable estimated earn-out pay-out ranges for the Lionpoint acquisition. The Directors have determined
that the reasonable range of undiscounted contingent earn-out payments is between £17.7m and £20.0m.

Page 24


===== page 24 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
34 March 2023

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
14 Capital and reserves

Share capital

Restated?
FY 23 FY 22
£000 £000
Alllotted, called up and fully paid
603,589,325 ordinary shares of £0.01 each 6,036 6,036
250,000 USA ordinary shares of US$0.01 each 15 15
Balance at the end of the year 6,051 6,051

The holders of ordinary shares and USA ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time
to time and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the Company.

Share premium account

The balance classified as share premium as at 31 March 2023 and 31 March 2022 of £1,437,000 relates to the
aggregate net proceeds less nominal value of shares on issue of the Company's equity share capital.

Dividends

An interim dividend payment totalling £20,000,000 was made to the Company's sole shareholder, Alpha FMC Group
Limited (FY 22: £12,500,000), to facilitate the payment of the Group dividend made by the Company's ultimate parent,
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc, to its shareholders. This dividend was facilitated by the receipt in the year of
dividends totalling £30,578,000 (FY 22: £25,953,000) from the Company's subsidiaries. The Directors have not
recommended the payment of a final dividend (FY 22: nil).

15 Related parties

The Company has not engaged in any transactions with any related parties other than with wholly owned subsidiaries
within the Alpha Group, and remuneration of the Company's key management personnel. These transactions have not
been disclosed as the Company has taken advantage of exemptions under FRS 101.

16 Ultimate parent company

The Company is a subsidiary undertaking of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc, incorporated in England and
Wales. The ultimate controlling party is Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ple.

Both the largest and smallest Group in which the results of the Company are consolidated is that headed by Aipha
Financial Markets Consulting plc, incorporated in England and Wales. The consolidated financial statements of the
Group are available to the public and may be obtained from 60 Gresham Street, London EC2V 7BB, or the website
investors.alphafme.com.

17 Events after the reporting period

In October 2023, the Company's immediate parent company, Alpha FMC-Group Limited, transferred all the shares it
held in the Company to Alpha FMC Bidco Limited, another company within the Alpha Group. As such, the Company is
now a wholly owned direct subsidiary of Alpha FMC Bidco Limited. This transaction was undertaken as part of a project
to simplify the holding company structure within the Alpha Group. The Company's ultimate parent company, Alpha
Financial Markets Consulting plc, remains unchanged following this transaction.

* The breakdown of share capital by class of share as at 31 March 2022 has been restated. The breakdown previously disclosed
did not reflect the simplification of the share structure, which took place in 2016. The total share capital amount of £6,051,000
remains unchanged.

Page 22
