

===== page 1 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited

Annual report and financial statements
Registered number 07160664
31 March 2024

|

MADIAQBTC® | | |

19/12/2024 #
COMPANIES HOUSE

THURSDAY
———
——
_————

|

g


===== page 2 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Contents

Company information

Strategic report

Directors’ report

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the strategic report, Director's report and the
financial statements

Independent auditor's report to the members of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Profit and loss account

Balance sheet

Statement of changes in equity

Notes to financial statements

410
11
12
13


===== page 3 =====
Company information

Directors

Company number

Registered office

Auditor

Banker

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited

JC Paton

GA Cook

S Peacock

MA Mace (appointed 19 August 2024)

07160664

60 Gresham Street
London

EC2V 7BB

United Kingdom

KPMG LLP
EastWest
Tollhouse Hill
Nottingham
NG1 5FS
United Kingdom

HSBC Bank UK pic
1 Centenary Square
Birmingham
B11HQ

United Kingdom

Page 1

Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024


===== page 4 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Strategic report
Business review

The Company functions as an intermediate holding entity within the wider Group’. As at 31 March 2024
(FY 24?) the Company holds net assets of £13,073,000 (FY 23: £18,428,000). The Company's profit before
tax for the year was £16,487,000 (FY 23: £23,090,000), driven by dividend income received from the
Company's subsidiaries, partially offset by costs from the ongoing accounting for deferred and contingent
consideration related to the acquisition of Lionpoint Holdings, Inc. (“Lionpoint”) in FY 22. During the year,
an interim dividend in respect of the year ended 31 March 2024 of £22,000,000 (FY 23: £20,000,000) was
paid to the Company's sole shareholder, Alpha FMC Bidco Limited, to facilitate the payment of the Group
dividend made by the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc, to its
shareholders. This dividend was facilitated by the receipt of dividends of £18,987,000 (FY 23: £30,578,000)
from the Company's directly owned subsidiaries.

Key performance indicators

Working capital management and the sufficiency of assets held by the Company's subsidiaries is a key
indicator that is reviewed on a regular basis to monitor cash flow, liquidity and the recovery of trade
receivables. The Company itself has a strong balance sheet with net assets of £13,073,000 (FY 23:
£18,428,000).

Each month the Directors review the management accounts for each of the Company's subsidiaries and
compare actual performance against budget. Costs and utilisation are also reviewed to monitor profitability.

Principal risks and uncertainties
The principal risks and uncertainties faced by the Company are outlined below:

« Macro — risk that wider market, economic, commercial and financial risks can impact the Company's ability
to service clients, their demand for consultancy and technology services and, therefore, the Company's
own performance and financial position.

* Geopolitical — risk that external events and crises can bring significant uncertainty, volatility, and fragility
to geopolitics and markets, which can impact both the Company's operating model, employees and ability
to deliver on its strategic objectives.

« Business strategy — risk that the Company responds inadequately to changing market factors and/or
opportunities, including technological advancements and disruptors. The success of the Company's
strategy depends on anticipating changes and developing a proposition that best serves its clients.

« Data security — risk of cyber attacks, security breaches and data mishandling, leading to consequent risks
to client data, loss of integrity or availability of core data.

« Acquisition and integration — risk of failure of the Company to select, complete and integrate businesses.
that contribute positively to the business model and growth strategy.

* People — risk of failure to attract, incentivise and retain the best people with the right capabilities across all
propositions, levels and geographies. A failure to undertake effective succession planning for key roles
could also adversely increase this risk and impact performance.

« Quality of service — risk of failure to maintain quality of service on client delivery engagements.

+ Competitors — risk that a competitor or new entrant may be able to achieve success and win work from
the Company's existing clients. Less mature or more specialist propositions, which the Company chooses.
to develop, may present less of a competitive advantage.

« Regulatory environment - risk that the Company does not successfully identify, address and/ or meet
forthcoming regulation, or that the business model and strategy are materially impacted by legal and
regulatory changes that restrict the service offering or access to key markets.

Further information on how the Company manages and mitigates these principal risks and uncertainties, is
included on pp 57-60 of the Annual Report & Accounts 2024 of the ultimate parent company, Alpha Financial
Markets Consulting plc.

Future developments

The Company is expected to continue to operate as an intermediate holding company for the Group. No
other future developments are currently foreseen by the Directors.

‘Group refers to the Company's ultimate parent as at 31 March 2024, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting pic, and its subsidiaries.
? FY 24 is the financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2024. By comparison, FY 23 is the previous financial year
covering the 12 months to 31 March 2023.

Page 2


===== page 5 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
‘Annuat report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Strategic report (continued)
Future developments (continued)

After the balance sheet date, in August 2024, the Company's ultimate parent company, Alpha Financial Markets
Consulting ple, was acquired by Actium Bidco (UK) Limited. Furthermore, in September 2024, the Company
acquired White Marble Group Limited, a specialist marketing consultancy firm. Further details on events after the
reporting period are disclosed in note 17 to the financial statements.

Section 172 statement

Under Section 172(1) of the Companies Act 2006, a director of a company must act in the way he or she considers,
in good faith, would be most tikely to promote the success of the Company for the benefit of its members as a
whole, and in doing so have regard (amongst other matters) to:

« the likely consequence of any decision in the long term;

« the interests of the Company's employees; .

* the need to foster the Company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others;

« — the impact of the Company's operations on the community and the environment;

* the desirability of the Company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct; and
« the need to act fairly as between members of the Company.

The following disclosure describes how the Directors have had regard to the matters set out in Section 172(1)(a)
to (f) and forms the Directors’ statement under Section 414CZA of the Companies Act 2006. The Company is a
holding company and does not have any employees or clients itself, therefore the disclosure below relates to
the Company and its subsidiaries (as listed in note 9 to the financial statements).

The Directors remain committed to engaging with all stakeholders and considering their interests when making
any strategic decisions.

Engagement with key stakeholders

The Board considers its key stakeholders to be its employees, clients and the communities in which the
Company and its subsidiaries operates. The Board also recognises other stakeholder groups including
vendors and suppliers, industry bodies and competitors with which Alpha works or associates in the
marketplace. Engaging effectively with these stakeholders strengthens Alpha’s business relationships and
decision and therefore supports its long-term success.

Employees

Attracting, retaining and developing the best talent is essential to Alpha’s business success. Alpha is
committed to providing a highly rewarding place to work, and to maintaining a strong, meritocratic and
inclusive culture that recognises the importance of our people and encourages open communication.

Clients

The success of the Company and its subsidiaries is based on delivering a proposition that helps its clients
address their challenges and capitalise on their opportunities. Alpha works hard at developing and
sustaining long-term client relationships, which it supports through its global team of consultants and by
extending the range of services it offers and the types of projects it carries out.

Communities

Alpha is a growing, profitable business, committed to fostering the same growth and success within the
communities in which it operates. As part of this engagement, the Company also considers its corporate
responsibility and how to maximise the positive environmental and social impacts of its acti S, and to
minimise the downsides, giving a solid baseline for developing relevant action plans and targets.

Please refer to pp 34-35 of the Annual Report & Accounts 2024 of the ultimate parent company, Alpha
Financial Markets Consulting pic, for further details on the above key stakeholders, and the Group's
approach to engagement with each class of stakeholder.

Page 3


===== page 6 =====
Strategic report (continued)
Key Board decisions during the year

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

The Directors consider the following to be the key decisions and considerations they have made in the year

to 31 March 2024:

Decision

Issued the FY 23 Annual Report and financial
statements to shareholders.

Considerations

[To ensure compliance with the requirements of the
[Companies Act 2006 and the relevant accounting.
|framework.

|The Board agreed the FY 24 interim dividend
payable to the Company's parent, Alpha FMC
IBidco Limited.

[To facilitate the payment of Group dividends to the
shareholders of the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha|
Financial Markets Consulting pic.

By order of the Board.

Gegde.
Greg A Cook
Director

17 December 2024

Page 4


===== page 7 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Directors’ report

The Directors present their report and the audited financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2024.
Principal activities

The principal activity of the Company is that of a holding company.

Results and dividend

The results for the year are set out in the Strategic Report on p. 2 and in the profit and loss account on p. 10.
The Directors consider the current state of affairs of the Company to be satisfactory. During the year, an interim
dividend in respect of the year ended 31 March 2024 of £22,000,000 (FY 23: £20,000,000) was paid to the
Company's sole shareholder, Alpha FMC Bidco Limited. The Directors have not recommended the payment
of a final dividend (FY 23: £nil).

Directors
The Directors who held office during the year and at the date of this report were as follows:

JC Paton

GA Cook

S Peacock

MA Mace (appointed 19 August 2024)

Political contributions
The Company made no political donations and incurred no political expenditure during the year (FY 23: Enil).
Employee involvement

Details of how the Company and its subsidiaries engage with employees are set out in the Section 172 statement of
the strategic report on p. 3.

Alpha is a Disability Confident Employer. It is Alpha's policy to give full and fair consideration to all applications for
employment including from disabled people, having regard to their abilities and aptitudes. Full consideration is given
to continuing the employment of staff who become disabled, including considering them for other reasonable positions
and arranging appropriate training where required. Alpha aims to provide an inclusive environment for all employees,
regardless of sex, marital status, race, nationality, age, sexual orientation or religion.

Engagement with suppliers and customers

The Directors note the importance of fostering strong relationships with customers and suppliers through open
communication and having regard for these relationships in strategic decisions made relating to the Company and
its subsidiaries.

Environmental reporting

In accordance with the Companies Act 2006 and HM Government's ‘Environmental Reporting Guidelines’, the
Company has not repeated those disclosures required in relation to the Company's environmental reporting
responsibilities (including Streamlined Energy and Carbon reporting) on the basis that this information is included on
pp 46-51 of the Group's Annual Report & Accounts 2024, which are available on the Group's website.

Disclosure of information to auditor

The Directors who held office at the date of approval of this Directors’ report confirm that, so far as they are each
aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the Company's auditor is unaware; and each Director has taken
all the steps that they ought to have taken as a Director to make themselves aware of any relevant audit information
and to establish that the Company's auditor is aware of that information.

Auditor

Pursuant to Section 487 of the Companies Act 2006, the auditor will be deemed to be reappointed and KPMG LLP
will therefore continue in office.

By order of the Board.
feo
Greg A Cook

Director

60 Gresham Street
London

EC2v 78B

United Kingdom

17 December 2024

Page 5


===== page 8 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024
Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the strategic report and the
directors’ report and the financial statements

The Directors are responsible for preparing the strategic report and the Directors’ report and the financial statements
in accordance with applicable law

and regulations.

Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law they

have elected to prepare the financial statements in accordance with UK accounting standards and applicable

law (UK Generally Accepted Accounting Practice), including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework.

Under Company law the Directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they
give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for that
period. In preparing these financial statements, the Directors are required to:

+ select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;

+ make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

+ state whether applicable UK accounting standards have been followed, subject to any material
departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements;

» assess the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to
going concern; and

+ use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to
cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain
the Company's transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the
Company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They
are responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have general
responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the Company
and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.

Page 6


===== page 9 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Group Limited

Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited (“the
Company’) for the year ended 31 March 2024 which comprise the balance sheet, profit and loss account,
statement of changes in equity and related notes, including the accounting policies in note 1.

In our opinion the financial statements:
+ give a true and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs as at 31 March 2024 and of its profit for
the year then ended;
+ have been properly prepared in accordance with UK accounting standards, including FRS 101
Reduced Disclosure Framework; and
« have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.
Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)") and applicable
law. Our responsibilities are described below. We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and are
independent of the Company in accordance with, UK ethical requirements including the FRC Ethical Standard. We
believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis for our opinion.

Going concern

The directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concern basis as they do not intend to
liquidate the Company or to cease its operations, and as they have concluded that the Company's financial
position means that this is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no material uncertainties that
could have cast significant doubt over its ability to continue as a going concern for at least a year from the date
of approval of the financial statements (“the going concern period”).

In our evaluation of the directors’ conclusions, we considered the inherent risks to the Company's business
model and analysed how those risks might affect the Company's financial resources or ability to continue
operations over the going concern period.

Our conclusions based on this work:

+ we consider that the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the
financial statements is appropriate;

+ we have not identified, and concur with the directors’ assessment that there is not, a material
uncertainty related to events or conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt
\ on the Company's ability to continue as a going concern for the going concern period.
However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in
outcomes that are inconsistent with judgements that were reasonable at the time they were made, the above
conclusions are not a guarantee that the Company will continue in operation.
Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations — ability to detect

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to fraud
To identify risks of material misstatement due to fraud (“fraud risks”) we assessed events or conditions that

could indicate an incentive or pressure to commit fraud or provide an opportunity to commit fraud. Our risk
assessment procedures included:

+ — Enquiring of directors as to the Company's high-level policies and procedures to prevent and detect
fraud, as well as whether they have knowledge of any actual, suspected or alleged fraud.

« Reading Board minutes.
* Considering remuneration incentive schemes and performance targets for management and Directors.
« Using analytical procedures to identify any unusual or unexpected relationships.

We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit team and remained alert to any indications of
fraud throughout the audit.

As required by auditing standards, we perform procedures to address the risk of management override of
controls, in particular the risk that management may be in a position to make inappropriate accounting
entries. On this audit we do not believe there is a fraud risk related to revenue recognition because there
are no revenue transactions.

We did not identify any additional fraud risks. We performed procedures including:

«Identifying journal entries to test based on risk criteria and comparing the identified entries to
supporting documentation. These included unusual pairings with a credit or debit to an account below
EBITDA, unusual journals with a credit or debit entry to cash.

Assessing significant accounting estimates for bias.

Page 7


===== page 10 =====
- Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Group Limited (continued)

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to non-compliance with laws and regulations
We identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably be expected to have a material effect on
the financial statements from our general commercial and sector experience, and through discussion with
the Directors and other management (as required by auditing standards), and discussed with the Directors
and other management the policies and procedures regarding compliance with laws and regulations.

We communicated identified laws and regulations throughout our team and remained alert to any indications
of non-compliance throughout the audit.

The potential effect of these laws and regulations on the financial statements varies considerably.

Firstly, the Company is subject to laws and regulations that directly affect the financial statements including
financial reporting tegislation (including related companies legislation), distributable profits legislation and
taxation legislation, and we assessed the extent of compliance with these laws and regulations as part of our
procedures on the related financial statement items.

Secondly, the Company is subject to many other laws and regulations where the consequences of non-
compliance could have a material effect on amounts or disclosures in the financial statements, for instance
through the imposition of fines or litigation. We identified the following areas as those most likely to have
such an effect: anti-bribery and employment law recognising the financial nature of the Company's activities.
Auditing standards limit the required audit procedures to identify non-compliance with these laws and
regulations to enquiry of the directors and other management and inspection of regulatory and legal
correspondence, if any. Therefore if a breach of operational regulations is not disclosed to us or evident from
relevant correspondence, an audit will not detect that breach.

Context of the ability of the audit to detect fraud or breaches of law or regulation

Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an unavoidable risk that we may not have detected
some material misstatements in the financial statements, even though we have properly planned and
performed our audit in accordance with auditing standards. For example, the further removed non-
compliance with laws and regulations is from the events and transactions reflected in the financial
statements, the less likely the inherently limited procedures required by auditing standards would identify
it.

In addition, as with any audit, there remained a higher risk of non-detection of fraud, as these may involve
collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal controls. Our audit
procedures are designed to detect material misstatement. We are not responsible for preventing non-
compliance or fraud and cannot be expected to detect non-compliance with all laws and regulations.

Strategic report and Directors’ report

The directors are responsible for the strategic report and the directors’ report. Our opinion’on the financial
statements does not cover those reports and we do not express an audit opinion thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the strategic report and the directors’ report and, in doing so, consider whether,
based on our financial statements audit work, the information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent
with the financial statements or our audit knowledge. Based solely on that work:

* we have not identified material misstatements in the strategic report and the directors’ report;

ein our opinion the information given in those reports for the financial year is consistent with the
financial statements; and

«in our opinion those reports have been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception
Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:

* adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been
received from branches not visited by us; or

* the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or
* certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or

* we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit
We have nothing to report in these respects.

Page 8


===== page 11 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Group Limited (continued)

Directors’ responsibilities

As explained more fully in their statement set out on p. 6, the Directors are responsible for: the preparation
of the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view; such internal contro!
as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; assessing the Company's ability to continue as a
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern; and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or have no
realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor's responsibilities

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue our opinion in an auditor's
report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but does not guarantee that an audit
conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in aggregate,
they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of
the financial statements.

A fuller description of our  responsil
www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities.

ities is provided on the FRC’s’ website at

The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities

This report is made solely to the Company's members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of
the Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the Company's
members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no other purpose. To
the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the
Company and the Company's members, as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we
have formed.

Ax

Craig Parkin (Senior Statutory Auditor)

for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
Chartered Accountants

East West,

Tollhouse Hill

Nottingham NG1 5FS

17 December 2024

Page 9


===== page 12 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2024
Profit & loss account
for the year ended 31 March 2024
Year ended
34 March Year ended
Note 2024 31 March 2023
£000 £000
Administration expenses 2 (828) (5,263)
Operating loss (828) (5,263)
Finance expense 6 (2,031) (2.588)
Finance income 7 359 363
Income from shares in Group undertakings 18,987 30,578
Profit before taxation 16,487 23,090
Taxation credit 8 158 415
Profit for the year 16,645, 23,505

In both the current and preceding year, the Company made no acquisitions and had no discontinued operations.

There was no other comprehensive income in either the current or preceding year and therefore no separate
statement of other comprehensive income has been presented.

The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.

Page 10


===== page 13 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Balance sheet
as at 31 March 2024

Psat As at
Note 31 March 2024 31 March 2023
£000 £000 £000 £000
Non-current assets:
investments 9 85,174 85,174
‘Amounts owed by Group undertakings 10 2,087 a
87,264 85,174
Current assets
Trade and other receivables 10 11,269 27,715
Corporation tax : 187
Cash and cash equivalents " 50 21,300
14,319 49,202
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables 12 (85,167) (107,026)
(85,167) (107,026)
Net current liabilities, (73,848) (67,824)
Total assets less current liabilities 13,413 27,360
Non-current liabilities

Other non-current liabilities 13 (340) (8,922)

Net assets 13,073

Capital and reserves

Issued share capital 4 6,051 6,051
Share premium 4 1,437 4,437
Capital contribution reserve R 72
Other reserves 137 137
Retained eamings 5,376 10,731
Total shareholders’ equity 13,073 18,428

The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements. These financial statements were approved and
authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 17 December 2024. They were signed on its behalf by:

vq lool

Greg A Cook
Director

Company registered number: 07160664

Page 11


===== page 14 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Statement of changes in equity

for the year ended 31 March 2024
Issued Capital Total
share Share contribution Other Retained shareholders’
capital premium reserve reserves —_—earnings equity
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
‘As at 1 April 2022 6,051 1,437 72 137 7,226 14,923
Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit for the year - - - - 23,505 23,505
Transactions with owners
Dividends - : - - (20,000) (20,000)
As at 31 March 2023 6,051 1,437 72 137 10,731 18,428
Total comprehensive income for the period
Profitfor the year : : - - 16,645 16,645
Transactions with owners
Dividends : . . - (22,000) (22,000)
As at 31 March 2024 6,051 1,437 72 137 5,376 13,073

The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.

Page 12


===== page 15 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements
(forming part of the financial statements)

1 Accounting policies
General information

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited (the “Company’) is a company limited by shares,
domiciled and registered in the UK. The registered number is 07160664 and the registered address is 60
Gresham Street, London EC2V 7BB, United Kingdom.

These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced
Disclosure Framework (“FRS 101”).

Basis of preparation

In preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement and disclosure
requirements of International Financial Reporting Standards (“Adopted IFRSs"), but makes amendments where
necessary in order to comply with Companies Act 2006 and has set out below where advantage of the FRS 101
disclosure exemptions has been taken.

The Company's ultimate parent undertaking at 31 March 2024, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc, includes
the Company in its consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial
Markets Consulting plc are available to the public and may be obtained from 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V
7BB, United Kingdom.

In these financial statements, the Company has applied the exemptions available under FRS 101 in respect of
the following disclosures:

*  Acash flow statement and related notes;

« Comparative period reconciliations for share capital, tangible fixed assets, intangible assets and
investment properties;
Disclosures in respect of transactions with wholly owned subsidiaries;
Disclosures in respect of capital management;
The effects of new but not yet effective IFRS;
The requirements of paragraphs 17 and 18A of IAS 24 Related Party Disclosures; and
The requirements in IAS 24 to disclose related party transactions entered into between two or more
members of a group, provided that any subsidiary which is a party to the transaction is wholly owned
by such a member.

As the consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ple include the equivalent
disclosures, the Company has also taken the exemptions under FRS 101 available in respect of the following
disclosures:

« IFRS 2 Share-based Payment in respect of Group settled share-based payments;

* Certain disclosures required by IFRS 16 Leases in relation to disclosure of the Company's leasing
activities; and

¢ The requirements of IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures.

The accounting policies set out below have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods
presented in these financial statements.

These financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, except for certain financial
instruments that are measured at fair value.

The presentational currency of these financial statements and the functional currency of the Company is pounds
sterling. All amounts in these financial statements have been rounded to the nearest £1,000, unless stated

otherwise.
Going concern

In assessing the Company's ability to continue on a going concem basis for a period of at least 12 months from the
approval of these financial statements (the “going concern period”), the Directors considered the Company's
projected cash flows, access to intercompany funding from other Group entities, cash liquidity and existing
borrowing facilities.

Notwithstanding net current liabilities of £73,848,000 as at 31 March 2024, the financial statements have been
prepared on a going concern basis. The Directors consider this to be appropriate on the basis of cash flow forecasts
prepared for the wider Group, which support the ability of the Company to operate as a going concern. The Group
prepared cash flow forecasts covering the going concern period, which have been revised to reflect the acquisition
of the Group by Actium Bidco (UK) Limited after the reporting date, as disclosed in note 17, including the
restructuring of the Group's financing arrangements through the going concern period. The Directors of the Group
considered the principal risks and mitigants and analysed a base case, reflecting the Group's board approved
budget for the going concern period, as well as a reasonably possible downside scenario. This downside scenario
models a 20% reduction in Group forecast revenue with some limited cost mitigants applied.

Page 13


===== page 16 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)
Going concern (continued)

These modelled mitigants consist of a hiring freeze alongside a partial reduction in the Group's discretionary
profit share bonus payment budgeted for the FY 25 performance year, with the Group's underlying cost base
unaffected. In this reasonable downside scenario, the Group has relied upon access to funding of up to £10.0m
from the Group’s available £50.0m RCF through the going concern period. No covenant breaches have been
identified in either scenario.

The Directors consider this reasonably possible scenario and the sequence of events that could lead to it to be
unlikely. There remains headroom on the Group's RCF to facilitate further liquidity, as well as scope for further
mitigating cost actions to be taken on the underlying cost base, if required.

The ability of the Company to settle its liabilities as they fall due within the going concern period is dependent on
the Company's ultimate parent company not seeking repayment of the amounts currently due to other companies
controlled by the Group, which at 31 March 2024 amounted to £75,000,000. The Company also has access to
additional funding through other Group entities, via the Group's revolving credit facility ("RCF") of £50.0m. As with
any company placing reliance on other group entities for financial support, the Directors acknowledge that there
can be no certainty that this support will continue although, at the date of approval of these financial statements,
they have no reason to believe that it will not do so.

After careful consideration, the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company's existing resources,
supplemented by the support of the wider Group, are adequate to meet its requirements over the going concern
period. On this basis, the Directors consider that it is appropriate to adopt the going concern basis in preparing
the financial statements.

Principal accounting policies

Significant judgements and estimates

The preparation of financial information in accordance with IFRS requires management to make judgements,
estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and reported amounts of assets,
liabilities, income and expenses.

Judgements

The Directors have made one judgement, excluding those involving estimations, in the process of applying the
Company's accounting policies that are considered to have a significant effect on the amounts recognised in the
financial statements for the year ending 31 March 2024.

Identification of the cash-generating unit comprising Obsidian Solutions Ltd and Aiviq Ltd

As further disclosed in the estimates section below, the Company has performed a value in use assessment of
the £7.8m investment held in Obsidian Solutions Ltd. The Company has applied judgement in determining the
appropriate level at which to assess the financial performance of Obsidian and Aivig for the purpose of calculating
the value in use of the Obsidian and Aivig investments.

Following the acquisition of Obsidian in the year ended 31 March 2020, the two entities have become increasingly
integrated each year, due to the complimentary nature of their respective propositions, and in FY 24 are managed
as a single cash-generating unit with one shared management team and client base.

The Directors have therefore made the judgement that these entities represent one cash-generating unit for the
purpose of the valuation of the Company's investments in Obsidian and Aiviq.

Estimates

The Directors have identified the following area as a key estimate that is considered to have a significant risk of
resulting in a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities within the next financial year.

Valuation of the Company's investment in Obsidian Solutions Ltd

Following the acquisition of Obsidian Solutions Limited in the year-ended 31 March 2020, the Company
recognised an initial investment of £7.8m in the statement of financial position. Following a period of macro-
uncertainty in the early years of ownership, performance has not yet reached the anticipated levels from the
acquisition date. At each reporting date the Company reviews the recoverable amount of this investment through
the calculation of its value in use. Despite making assumptions that are considered to reflect management's best
estimate of future performance at the balance sheet date, the Directors note that there remains a significant risk
of a material adjustment to the valuation of this investment within the next financial year due to the sensitivity of
these calculations to changes in assumptions.

Please refer to note 9 for sensitivity analysis and further detail on the assumptions applied by management.
Foreign currency

Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the Company's functional currency at the average foreign
exchange rate in the month of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies
at the balance sheet date are retranslated to the functional currency at the foreign exchange rate ruling at that
date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are
translated using the average exchange rate in the month of the transaction and are not retranstated. Foreign

exchange differences arising on translation to functional currency are recognised in administration expenses.
Page 14


===== page 17 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

Financial instruments

The Company uses financial instruments comprising cash and cash equivalents and other short-term

instruments. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to fund the Group's business strategy and
working capital requirements.

Accounting policies in respect of financial instruments are outlined below.

Financial assets

Financial assets are initially measured at fair value plus or minus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair value
through profit or loss, transaction costs. The Company has not reclassified any financial assets subsequent to
initial recognition as at the balance sheet date. Reclassification of classes of financial assets is accounted for
prospectively in accordance with IFRS 9, where this is required. Any difference on reclassification from amortised
cost to fair value through profit or loss is recognised in the profit and loss at the reclassification date.

The Company recognises an expected credit loss provision in relation to financial assets. The Company's
expected credit loss provision on all other financial assets is immaterial as the probability of default is low.
Movements in the expected credit loss provision are recognised in profit or loss.

Amounts owed by Group undertakings

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at
amortised cost, less provision for impairment. A provision for impairment of intercompany receivables is
established using an expected credit loss model. The Company classifies amounts owed by Group undertakings as
current when it expects to recover the amounts within twelve months of the balance sheet date, based on its
assessment of the counterparty’s ability and intention to settle the balances within this period. All other amounts owed
by Group undertakings are considered as non-current assets.

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and call deposits and are recorded and subsequently
measured at amortised cost in line with IFRS 9. Bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand and are included
as a component of cash and cash equivalents.

Financial liabilities

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities
designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss. Financial liabilities are classified as held
for trading if they are acquired for the purpose of selling in the near term.

Other financial liabilities held by the Company are recognised at amortised cost.

Derivatives

The Company may use derivative financial instruments to manage its exposure to foreign exchange and other
risks. The Company does not use derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes. Derivatives are
recorded at their fair value on the balance sheet. Gains and losses on these instruments are recognised
immediately in the profit and loss. A derivative with a positive fair value is recognised as a financial asset whereas
a derivative with a negative fair value is recognised as a financial liability. The Company has not formally designated
any derivative financial instruments to qualify for hedge accounting. See note 12 for further details.

Amounts owed to Group undertakings

Amounts owed to Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at
amortised cost. Balances due within one year are not discounted.

Investments in subsidiaries

Investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost less any provision for impairment. The Company monitor for
indicators of impairment at each reporting period, and a full impairment assessment is performed on an
annual basis.

The Directors have deemed that no impairment was required in both the current and prior years.

External borrowings

All loans and borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, equal to the value of amounts received. Borrowings
are subsequently stated at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds and the redemption value is
recognised in the profit & loss account over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest method.

Impairment of non-financial assets

The carrying amounts of the entity's non-financial assets, other than deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each
reporting date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the
asset's recoverable amount is estimated. The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the greater of its value
in use and its fair value, less costs to sell. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are
discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the
time value of money and the risks specific to the asset.

For the purposes of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the
Page 15


===== page 18 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

Impairment of non-financial assets (continued)

smallest group of assets that generates independent cash inflows (the CGU); that is, cash inflows from continuing
use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or groups of assets.

‘An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable
amount. Impairment losses are recognised in the statement of profit and loss. Impairment losses recognised in
respect of CGUs are allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the units and then
to reduce the carrying amounts of other assets in the CGU (or group of CGUs) on a pro-rata basis.

An impairment loss relating to non-financial assets, excluding goodwill, is reversed if, and only if, the reasons for
the impairment have ceased to apply.

Impairment losses recognised in prior years are assessed at each reporting date for any indication that the loss
has decreased or no longer exists. An impairment loss is only reversed to the extent that the asset's carrying
amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or
amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

Deferred and contingent consideration on acquisition

Deferred and contingent consideration may arise on acquisitions. Deferred consideration arises when settlement of
all or part of the cost of business combination falls due after the acquisition was completed. Contingent consideration
arises where consideration is dependent on the future performance of the acquired company.

Deferred and contingent consideration associated with business combinations that is to be settled in cash is
assessed in line with agreed contractual terms. Consideration payable is discounted for the time value of money and
recognised as capital investment cost at fair value when the deferred or contingent consideration is not employment-
linked. Alternatively, where amounts payable are contingent upon future employment, these amounts are recognised
as a remuneration expense over the deferral or contingent performance period.

In circumstances where there is an option to settle in the form of cash or a variable number of shares, the Company
recognises a financial liability for the fair value of the discounted consideration. Where consideration is settled in a
fixed number of shares, the consideration is classified as equity, it is not remeasured, and settlement is accounted
for within equity.

Subsequent to the acquisition date, amounts relating to deferred consideration are measured at amortised cost.
Contingent consideration amounts are recognised at fair value through the consolidated statement of comprehensive
income.

At each balance sheet date, the fair value of contingent consideration is measured using level 3 inputs in accordance
with the fair value hierarchy and as such these calculations contain estimation uncertainty, as they relate to
future performance. The key inputs associated with the valuation of these liabilities include the potential future cash
flows of each acquired business, the likelihood of an earn-out payment being made and estimating an appropriate
discount rate to apply to these future cash flows.

Changes in the carrying value of deferred and contingent consideration liabilities associated with the passage of time
are recognised as a finance cost.

Consideration payments, including all deferred and contingent consideration paid in the year, are reported within
investing activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows, except for employment-linked payments, which are
reported within operating activities.

Finance income and finance expense

Finance income includes interest receivable on cash invested. Finance expense includes interest payable, unwinding
of the discount on provisions.

Interest income and interest payable on bank loans or amounts due to certain Group undertakings is recognised in
profit or loss as it accrues, using the effective interest method.

Dividend income

Dividend income is recognised in the profit and loss account on the date the entity's right to receive the dividend is
established.

Dividends payable

Dividends payable are recognised in the statement of changes in equity on the date the entity's obligation to pay the
dividend is established.

Taxation
Current and deferred tax is recognised in the profit & loss account.

Page 16


===== page 19 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)
Taxation (continued)

Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted
or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous
periods.

Deferred tax is provided using the balance sheet liability method, providing for temporary differences between the
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation
purposes. The amount of deferred tax provided is based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement of
the carrying amount of assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet
date.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that
it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be
recovered. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current
tax assets against current tax liabilities, and when they relate to taxes levied by the same taxation authority and
the Company intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

New accounting standards and interpretations

The following changes in accounting policies were applied by the Company in these financial statements
for the year ended 31 March 2024. These included the adoption of new standards and interpretations
described below.

The International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) have

issued the following standards and interpretations which are now effective:

. IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts, effective from 1 January 2023;

* — Amendments to IFRS 17, effective from 1 January 2023;

* Disclosure of Accounting Policies (Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2), effective from 1
January 2023;

. Definition of Accounting Estimates (Amendments to IAS 8), effective from 1 January 2023;

. Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction (Amendments to IAS 12), effective
from 1 January 2023;

* International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules (Amendments to IAS 12) — Application of the exception and
disclosure of that fact, effective from 23 May 2023;

¢ International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules (Amendments to IAS 12) - other disclosure requirements,
effective from 1 January 2023; and

. International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules (Amendments to the 'IFRS for SMEs’ Standard), effective
from 29 September 2023 (not yet endorsed by the UK).

The Directors reviewed the nature and effect of these new standards on the Company and noted no
material impact on the financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2024.

The Directors have considered new standards and interpretations that have been issued but not yet been
effective, however have applied the exemption not to disclose this information under FRS 101.

2 Administration expenses
FY 24 FY 23
£000 £000
Fair value adjustment on contingent acquisition consideration - 667
Employment-linked consideration 87 1,658
Social security on employmentiinked consideration 58 200
Foreign exchange (gain)/loss (146) 2,737
Other 99 1
Total administration expenses 828 5,263

Foreign exchange gains and losses primarily relate to the re-translation of US dollar cash balances, the
Lionpoint acquisition liability denominated in US dollars, and amounts owed to Group undertakings
denominated in various foreign currencies.

Page 17


===== page 20 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)

3 Auditor's remuneration
FY 24 FY23
£000 £000
Audit of these financial statements 45 36

Amounts receivable by the Company's auditor and its associates in respect of services to the Company and its
associates, other than the audit of the Company's financial statements, have not been disclosed as the
information is required instead to be disclosed on a consolidated basis in the consolidated financial statements
of the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc.

4 Staff numbers and costs

The Company had no employees during the current or prior year.

5 Directors’ remuneration

The Directors of the Company are paid out of other entities within the Group. The Directors believe that the
value of their services in respect of the Company, in both the current and prior period, was negligible and
therefore has not been disclosed.

6 Finance expense
FY 24 FY 23
£000 £000
Interest payable 837 71
Unwind of discounting on deferred and contingent consideration 1,494 2,417
Total finance expense 2,031 2,588
7 Finance Income
FY 24 FY23
£000 £000
Interest receivable 359 363
Total finance income 359 363
8 Taxation
FY 24 FY 23
£000 £000 £000 £000
Current tax
Current tax on income for the period : (187)
Group relief payable/(receivable) (156) 3
Adjustments in respect of prior periods (2) (231)
Total current tax (158) (415)

The Finance Act 2022 increased the main rate of corporation tax in the UK to 25% from 1 April 2023.

Page 18


===== page 21 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
8 Taxation (continued)

The difference between the total tax expense shown above and the amount calculated by applying the standard
rate of UK corporation tax to the profit before tax is as follows:

FY 24 FY23
£000 £000
Profit before taxation 16,487 23,090
‘Tax using the UK corporation tax rate of 25% (FY 23: 19%) 4,122 4,387
Income not taxable (4877) (5,810)
Adjustments in respect of prior periods (2) (231)
Expenses not deductible for taxation 599 1,239
Group relief (received)/surrendered 156 (3)
Payment/(receipt) for group relief (156) 3
Total tax charge/(credit) for the year (158) (415)
9 Fixed asset investments
Shares in
Group undertakings
£000
Cost
‘At 1 April 2022 85,171
‘Additions 3
Disposals -
‘At31 March 2023 85,174
Additions -
Disposals :
‘At 31 March 2024 85,174

The Company's fixed asset investments are all in relation to investments in subsidiaries. The Company
holds no tangible fixed assets.

Impairment review of investment in Obsidian Solutions Ltd

As disclosed within note 1, the valuation of the Company's investment in Obsidian Solutions Ltd (“Obsidian”)
is a significant estimate in these financial statements. In performing an impairment analysis on this
investment, the Group have identified the appropriate cash-generating unit (“CGU") upon which to perform
a discounted cash flow analysis to measure the value-in-use of this CGU. In identifying the most appropriate
CGU the Directors have applied judgement and considered the combined financial performance of Obsidian
Solutions Ltd and Aiviq Ltd, as disclosed within note 1. These investments have a carrying value of £7.8m
and £nil, respectively.

In the calculation of the value in use of this investment, several assumptions have been made that reflect
management's best estimates at the balance sheet date. The Board-approved budget for FY 25 forms the
basis for the cash-flow projections for the next financial year. The cash flow projections for the four years
subsequent to the budget year reflect the Directors’ expectations of the medium-term operating performance
of the CGU. Key assumptions used in the value in use calculation include the appropriate discount rate,
medium-term growth rate and long-term growth rate to apply to the CGU'’s financial forecasts. The key
assumptions are summarised below:

Pre-tax discount rate 14.7%
Medium-term growth rate 20.0%
Long-term growth rate 1.0%

Page 19


===== page 22 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
9 Fixed asset

vestments (continued)

Sensitivity analysis

As noted above, a change in the assumptions applied in the calculation of value in use for this investment could result

in a material change to the carrying amount of the investment in the next financial year. The Company has performed

sensitivity analysis on the key assumptions as set out below to reflect the impact of reasonably possible changes:

*« A4.0% increase in the pre-tax discount rate from 14.7% to 18.7% would result in an impairment of £0.7m.

« A 10.0% decrease in the assumed medium-term growth rate from 20.0% to 10.0% for the period from FY 26 to
FY 29, at consistent gross profit margins, would result in an impairment of £1.6m.

«The Directors consider that no reasonably possible change to the long-term growth rate could result in
impairment of this investment.

* The Directors note that the sensitivity analysis shown above demonstrates that despite management applying
their best estimate to these assumptions at the reporting date, there remains risk that this investment may
become impaired were these assumptions to prove inaccurate. a

The undertakings in which the Company had interest at the year end of more than 20% are as follows:

Class and Class and
percentage of percentage of
Countryof Registered sharesheld- shares held -
‘Subsidiary undertakings Incorporation address _—Prineipal activity 31 March 2024 34. March 2023
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consuting UK Limited uk 1 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Apha Technology Services Consutting Limited UK 1 Dormant 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Aiviq Limited Uk 1 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Appha Financial Markets Consulting, Inc. USA 2 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting S.AS. France 3 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
aiehtvir-aiaiatal eal France 3 Consuttancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting (Luxembourg) S.A Luxembourg 4 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Netherlands B.V. Netherlands 5 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Switzeriand S.A. Switzerland 6 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Abpha Financial Markets Consulting Germany GmbH Germany 7 Consultancy services 100% ardinary 100% ordinary
‘Abha Financial Markets Consulting Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore 8 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong 9 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Australia PTY Limited Australia 10 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Avsys Limited UK 1 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Avxsys Financial Software Consulting Canada Limited Canada 11 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Ausys Consulting USA Inc. USA 12 Dommant 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Ausys Danmark ApS Denmark 13 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Obsidian Solutions Limited UK 1 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Alpha Technology Services Consulting SAS. France 3 Consultancy services, 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Obsidian Alpha Data Solutions LLC Serbia 14 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Alpha FM Consulting Canada inc. Canada 15 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Lionpoint Holdings, Inc. USA 16 Intermediate holding company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Lonpoint Group, LLC. usA 17 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Lonpoint Group (UK) Limited uk 1 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
onpoint Group SA ‘Switzerland 18 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Lionpoint Group Pty Limited Australia 19 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
onpoint GmbH Germany 20 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Aloha Data Solutions Limited UK 1 Dormant 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Aipha Financial Markets Consulting MENA Ltd " Uk 1 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Shoreline Asset and Wealth Consulting inc. * Canada 2 Dormant 100% ordinary NA
Shoreline Consolidated PTY Ltd ? Australia 22. Intermediate holding company 100% ordinary = NA
‘Shoreline Consutting Pte. Ltd. * ‘Singapore 23 Consultancy services 100% ordinary NA
Shoreline Consulting PTY Lid? Australia 22 Consultancy services 100% ordinary NA

* Alpha FMC (Newco) Limited has changed its name to Alpha Financial Markets Consulting MENA Ltd.
? Al Shoreline entities were acquired in May 2023 by Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Australia PTY Limited,

Page 20


===== page 23 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements,
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
9 Fixed asset investments (continued)

Registered addresses:

1. 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB, UK

2. 12 East 49th Street, New York, NY 10017, USA

3. 6 Square de L'Opera Louis Jouvet, 75009 Paris, France

4. 19/21 Route d'Arion - bloc B, L-8009 Strassen, Luxembourg

5. Strozzilaan 101, Amsterdam, 1083 HN, The Netherlands

6. Stockerstrasse 55, 8002 Ziirich, Switzerland

7. Kurt- Blaum- Platz 8 63450, Hanau, Germany

8. 6A Shenton Way #04-01 Downtown Gallery, Singapore 068815

9. 22/F Neich Tower, 128 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong

10. Quay Quarter Tower, 50 Bridge Street, Sydney NSW 2000, Australia

11. 1800-13401 108th Avenue, Surrey, British Columbia V3T 5T3, Canada

12. Incorp Services, Inc., 919 North Market Street, Suite 950, Wilmington, DE 19801
13. Flaesketorvet 68, DK-1711 Copenhagen, Denmark

14. Dvadesetsedmog marta 6-6a, 11060 Palilula, Belgrade, Serbia

15. Suite 1700, Park Place, 666 Burrard Street, Vancouver, BC V6C2Xx8, Canada
16. 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, Delaware 19808-1674, USA

17. 8 The Green, Suite A, Dover, Delaware 19901, USA

18, Rue d'ttalie 11, 1204 Geneva, Switzerland

19. Ground Floor, 123 Walker Street, North Sydney NSW 2060, Australia

20. clo KUNZ Rechtsanwalte, Antoniterstrafe 14-16, KdIn, 50667, Germany

21. 199 Bay Street, Suite 5300 Commerce Court West, Toronto, Ontario, MSL 1B9 Canada
22. Accru Felsers, Level 6, 1 Chifley Square, Sydney, NSW 2000

23. Marina Bay Financial Centre, 8 Marina Boulevard #11-00, 018981, Singapore

10 Trade and other receivables
FY 24 FY 23
£000 £000
‘Amounts owed by Group undertakings 11,269 27,715
Total amounts due within one year 11,269 27,715

The Directors are satisfied that amounts owed by Group undertakings disclosed above are recoverable.
Expected credit losses in relation to amounts owed by Group undertakings was immaterial in both the current
and prior year.

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are interest free and are repayable on demand. Amounts owed by Group
undertakings and interest free and are repayable on demand. The Company classifies amounts owed by Group
undertakings as current when it expects to recover the amounts within twelve months of the balance sheet date,
based on its assessment of the counterparty's ability and intention to settle the balances within this period.
Otherwise, the amounts are classified as non-current.

As at 31 March 2024, amounts owed by Group undertakings of £2,087,000 (FY 23: £nil) are presented separately as
non-current assets on the balance sheet.

1 Cash and cash equivalents
FY 24 FY23
£000 £000
Cash at bank 50 21,300
Cash and cash equivalents 50 21,300

All cash and cash equivalents held by the Company are available for use by the Company with no restrictions.

The cash balance held at 31 March 2023 was used to pay the deferred and contingent amounts due in FY 24 in relation

to the acquisition of Lionpoint.
Page 21


===== page 24 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
12 Trade and other payables

FY 24 FY23

£000 £000

Amounts owed to Group undertakings 75,000 90,822
Other payables 10,167 16,204
Total amounts owed within one year 85,167 107,026

Amounts owed to Group undertakings are either interest-bearing or non-interest-bearing depending on the type
of the creditor relationship and local regulatory requirements. At the balance sheet date the majority of these
balances are non-interest-bearing. Al! amounts owed to Group undertakings are repayable on demand. It is the
understanding of the Directors that the other Group entities have no intention to request the repayment of amounts
owed within the next twelve months.

Other payables of £10.2m (FY 23: £16.2m) relate to the deferred and contingent consideration, and other acquisition-
related amounts, due on the Lionpoint acquisition in the next twelve months.

During the year, the Company entered into an FX swap derivative contract in order to manage the Company's currency
requirements alongside the foreign exchange exposure arising from the Lionpoint acquisition liabilities denominated in
US dollars. The near leg of the swap was settled in November 2023, with the Company selling $10.0m in return for
£7.9m at the prevailing spot rate of 1.26. The far leg of the swap to be settled in August 2024 requires the Group to sell
£7.9m in return for $10.0m at a forward rate of 1.26. The Group has measured this derivative at fair value through profit
and loss, in line with the requirements of IFRS 9, and has not formally designated this derivative to qualify for hedge
accounting. The derivative financial liability has a carrying amount of £21,000 and is included within other payables in
the table above (FY 23: £nil).

13 Other non-current liabilities

FY 24 FY 23

£000 £000

Other payables 340 8,922
‘Total other non-current liabilities 340 8,922

As at 31 March 2024, other payables of £0.3m (FY 23: £8.9m) relates to residual payments on the Lionpoint
acquisition due after more than twelve months.

Of the total £10.5m (FY 23: £25.1m) acquisition-related liability at the balance sheet date, £1.0m (FY 23: £7.4m)
relates to deferred consideration and the remaining £9.5m (FY 23: £17.7m) relates to contingent consideration. Within
these deferred and contingent consideration liabilities, £1.7m (FY 23: £2.6m) relates to employment-linked amounts.
The Group has assessed the estimation uncertainty of the liability held in relation to contingent consideration. The fair
value of acquisition earn-outs is no longer considered to be an area of significant estimation uncertainty given proximity
to and more certainty around the final Lionpoint earn-out payments.

14 Capital and reserves
Share capital
FY 24 FY 23
£000 £000
Allotted, called up and fully paid
603,589,325 ordinary shares of £0.01 each 6,036 6,036
250,000 USA ordinary shares of US$0.10 each 15 15
Balance at the end of the year 6,051 6,051

The holders of ordinary shares and USA ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time
and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the Company.

Share premium account

The balance classified as share premium as at 31 March 2024 and 31 March 2023 of £1,437,000 relates to the
aggregate net proceeds less nominal value of shares on issue of the Company's equity share capital.

Page 22


===== page 25 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
14 Capital and reserves (continued)

Dividends

An interim dividend payment totalling £22,000,000 was made to the Company's sole shareholder, Alpha FMC Bidco
Limited (FY 23: £20,000,000), to facilitate the payment of the Group dividend made by the Company's ultimate parent,
at 31 March 2024, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc, to its shareholders. This dividend was facilitated by the
receipt in the year of dividends totalling £18,987,000 (FY 23: £30,578,000) from the Company's subsidiaries. The
Directors have not recommended the payment of a final dividend (FY 23: nil).

15 Related parties

The Company has not engaged in any transactions with any related parties other than with wholly owned subsidiaries
within the Alpha Group, and remuneration of the Company's key management personnel. These transactions have not
been disclosed as the Company has taken advantage of exemptions under FRS 101.

16 Ultimate parent company

As at 31 March 2024, the ultimate parent company and controlling party was Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc,
a company incorporated in England and Wales.
Both the largest and smallest Group in which the results of the Company are consolidated is that headed by Alpha

Financial Markets Consulting plc. The consolidated financial statements of the Group are available to the public and
may be obtained from 60 Gresham Street, London EC2V 7BB, United Kingdom, or the website investors.alphafmc.com.

17 Events after the reporting period
Change in control of the Company following the acquisition of the Group by Actium Bidco (UK) Limited

On 19 August 2024, the Company's ultimate parent company, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc, was acquired
by Actium Bidco (UK) Limited. Following this acquisition, the shares of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc were
de-listed from AIM on 20 August 2024 and the company was re-registered as a private limited company under the
Companies Act 2006. Actium Bidco (UK) Limited is a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of Actium Topco (UK) Limited,
which is owned by certain funds managed by Bridgepoint Advisers Limited.

Disposal of investments in subsidiaries

In September 2024, following the acquisition of the Group by Actium Bidco (UK) Limited, the Company disposed of its
shares in two wholly owned subsidiaries, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting, Inc. and Lionpoint Holdings Inc. These
disposals were part of a restructuring process to implement an appropriate post-acquisition structure. The subsidiaries
remain part of the group of companies owned by Actium Bidco (UK) Limited following the disposal. The investments in
subsidiaries had a total net book value of £53.8m and were disposed of for consideration of £210.0m, resulting in a
profit on disposal of £156.2m.

Acquisition of White Marble Group Limited

In September 2024, the Company reached an agreement to acquire 100% of the issued share capital of White Marble
Group Limited, a specialist marketing consultancy firm to asset management, wealth management and alternatives
clients, on a cash-free, debt-free basis, for total consideration of up to £6.2m. Consideration of £1.5m was paid in cash
on completion, with the remaining amounts, of up to £4.7m, contingent upon the performance of the White Marble
Group against financial targets through a three-year earn-out period.

These events have not been adjusted for in the financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2024 as they resulted
from conditions that arose after the end of the reporting period.

Page 23
