

===== page 1 =====
FILE COPY

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OFA
PRIVATE LIMITED COMPANY

Company Number 10773199

The Registrar of Companies for England and Wales, hereby certifies
that

ALPHA FMC TRUSTEE LIMITED
is this day incorporated under the Companies Act 2006 as a private
company, that the company is limited by shares, and the situation of its

registered office is in England and Wales

Given at Companies House, Cardiff, on 16th May 2017

* N107731990 *

THE OFFICIAL SEAL OF THE

Com pan ies House REGISTRAR OF COMPANIES

The above information was communicated by electronic means and authenticated
by the Registrar of Companies under section 1115 of the Companies Act 2006


===== page 2 =====
Bia

Companies House INO 1 (ef)

Application to register a company

Received for filing in Electronic Format on the:16/05/2017 X66L751M
Company Name in ALPHA FMC TRUSTEE LIMITED

full:

Company Type: Private company limited by shares

Situation of England and Wales

Registered Office:

Proposed Registered 60 GRESHAM STREET

Office Address: LONDON

UNITED KINGDOM EC2V 7BB

Stic Codes: 70221

Electronically filed document for Company Number: 107731399


===== page 3 =====
Proposed Officers

Company Director vi

Type: Person

Full Forename(s): NICHOLAS

Surname: BAKER

Service Address: 60 GRESHAM STREET
LONDON

UNITED KINGDOM EC2V 7BB

Country/State Usually UNITED KINGDOM
Resident:
Date of Birth: **/02/1974 Nationality: BRITISH

Occupation: MANAGEMENT
CONSULTANT

The subscribers confirm that the person named has consented to act as a director.

Electronically filed document for Company Number: 107731399


===== page 4 =====
Company Director 2

Type: Person
Full Forename(s): EUAN
Surname: FRASER
Service Address: 60 GRESHAM STREET
LONDON
UNITED KINGDOM EC2V 7BB
Country/State Usually UNITED KINGDOM
Resident:
Date of Birth: **/08/1968 Nationality: | BRITISH

Occupation: MANAGEMENT
CONSULTANT

The subscribers confirm that the person named has consented to act as a director.

Electronically filed document for Company Number: 107731399


===== page 5 =====
Statement of Capital (Share Capital)

Class of Shares: ORDINARY Number allotted 1
Currency: GBP Aggregate nominal value: 1
Prescribed particulars

THE SHARES HAVE ATTACHED TO THEM FULL VOTING, DIVIDEND AND CAPITAL
DISTRIBUTION (INCLUDING ON WINDING UP) RIGHTS; THEY DO NOT CONFER ANY
RIGHTS OF REDEMPTION.

Statement of Capital (Totals)

Currency: GBP Total number of shares: 1
Total aggregate nominal value: 1
Total aggregate unpaid: 0

Electronically filed document for Company Number: 107731399


===== page 6 =====
Initial Shareholdings

Name: ALPHA FMC TOPCO
LIMITED
Class of Shares: ORDINARY
Address 60 GRESHAM STREET
LONDON Number of shares: 1
UNITED KINGDOM Currency: GBP
EC2V 7BB Nominal value of each 1
share:
Amount unpaid: 0
Amount paid: 1

Electronically filed document for Company Number: 107731399


===== page 7 =====
Persons with Significant Control (PSC)

Statement of initial significant control

On incorporation, there will be someone who will count as a Person with Significant Control (either a
registerable person or relevant legal entity (RLE)) in relation to the company

Electronically filed document for Company Number: 107731399


===== page 8 =====
Relevant Legal Entity (RLE) details

Company Name:

Service Address:

Legai Form:
Governing Law:
Register Location:

Country/State:

Registration Number:

ALPHA FMC TOPCO LIMITED

60 GRESHAM STREET
LONDON

UNITED KINGDOM
EC2V 7BB

CORPORATE

UNITED KINGDOM (ENGLAND AND WALES)
COMPANIES HOUSE

ENGLAND AND WALES

09965297

Electronically filed document for Company Number: 107731399


===== page 9 =====
Nature of control The relevant legal entity holds, directly or indirectly, 75% or
more of the shares in the company.

Nature of control The relevant legal entity holds, directly or indirectly, 75% or
more of the voting rights in the company.

Nature of control The relevant legal entity has the right, directly or indirectly, to
appoint or remove a majority of the board of directors of the
company.

Electronically filed document for Company Number: 107731399


===== page 10 =====
Statement of Compliance

I confirm the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 as to registration have been complied with.

Name: ALPHA FMC TOPCO LIMITED
Authenticated YES

Authorisation

Auathoriser Designation: subscriber Authenticated YES

Electronically filed document for Company Number: 107731399


===== page 11 =====
COMPANY HAVING A SHARE CAPITAL

MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION OF

Each subscriber to this memorandum of association wishes to form a company under the Companies
Act 2006 and agrees to become a member of the company and to take at least one share each.

Name of each subscriber Authentication by each subscriber

Alpha FMC Topco Limited

Dated this 16 day of May 2017


===== page 12 =====
INDEX TO THE ARTICLES

PART 1 INTERPRETATION AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

1 Defined terms
2 Exclusion of the Model Articles
3 Liability of members

PART 2 DIRECTORS

DIRECTORS' POWERS AND RESPONSIBILITIES

4 Directors’ general authority

5 Shareholders’ reserve power
6 Directors may delegate

7 Committees

DECISION-MAKING BY DIRECTORS

8 Directors to take decisions collectively
9 Unanimous decisions

10 Calling a directors’ meeting

11 Participation in directors’ meetings

12 Quorum for directors’ meetings

13 Chairing of directors' meetings

14 Casting vote

15 Directors’ Interests

16 Records of decisions to be kept

17 Directors’ discretion to make further rules
APPOINTMENT OF DIRECTORS

18 Appointment and removal of directors

19 Termination of director's appointment


===== page 13 =====
20 Directors’ remuneration

21 Directors’ expenses

PART 3 SHARES AND DISTRIBUTIONS
SHARES

22 All shares to be fully paid up

23 Directors’ powers to allot shares

24. Company not bound by less than absolute interests
25 Share certificates

26 Replacement share certificates

27 Share transfers

28 Transmission of shares

29 Exercise of transmittees' rights

30 Transmittees bound by prior notices
DIVIDENDS AND OTHER DISTRIBUTIONS
31 Procedure for declaring dividends

32 Payment of dividends and other distributions

33 No interest on distributions
34 Unclaimed distributions
35 Non-cash distributions

36 Waiver of distributions

CAPITALISATION OF PROFITS

37 Authority to capitalise and appropriation of capitalised sums
PART 4 DECISION-MAKING BY SHAREHOLDERS
ORGANISATION OF GENERAL MEETINGS

38 Attendance and speaking at general meetings

39 Quorum for general meetings

40 Chairing general meetings

41 Attendance and speaking by directors and non-shareholders


===== page 14 =====
42

Adjournment

VOTING AT GENERAL MEETINGS

43

44

45

46

47

48

Voting: general

Errors and disputes

Poll votes

Content of proxy notices
Delivery of proxy notices

Amendments to resolutions

PART 5 ADMINISTRATIVE ARRANGEMENTS

49

50

51

52

Means of communication to be used
Company seals
No right to inspect accounts and other records

Provision for employees on cessation of business

DIRECTORS' INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE

53

54

Indemnity

Insurance


===== page 15 =====
Registered Number :

1

THE COMPANIES ACT 2006
PRIVATE COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
of

Alpha FMC Trustee Limited

PART 1
INTERPRETATION AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
DEFINED TERMS
In the articles, unless the context requires otherwise:
“articles” means the Company's articles of association.

“bankruptcy” includes individual insolvency proceedings in a jurisdiction other than
England and Wales or Northern Ireland which have an effect similar to that of bankruptcy.

“chairman” has the meaning given in article 13.
“chairman of the meeting” has the meaning given in article 40.

“Companies Acts” means the Companies Acts (as defined in section 2 of the
Companies Act 2006), in so far as they apply to the Company.

“director” means a director of the Company, and includes any person occupying the
position of director, by whatever name called.

“distribution recipient” has the meaning given in article 32.

“document” includes, unless otherwise specified, any document sent or supplied in
electronic form.

“electronic form” has the meaning given in section 1168 of the Companies Act 2006.

“fully paid” in relation to a share, means that the nominal value and any premium to be
paid to the Company in respect of that share have been paid to the Company.

“hard copy form” has the meaning given in section 1168 of the Companies Act 2006.

“holder” in relation to shares means the person whose name is entered in the register of
members as the holder of the shares.


===== page 16 =====
“instrument” means a document in hard copy form

“Model Articles” means the model articles for private companies limited by shares
contained in Schedule 1 of the Companies (Model Articles) Regulations 208 (SI
2008/3229)

“ordinary resolution” has the meaning given in section 282 of the Companies Act 2006
“paid” means paid or credited as paid.

“participate”, in relation to a directors’ meeting, has the meaning given in article 11.
“proxy notice” has the meaning given in article 46.

“shareholder” means a person who is the holder of a share.

“shares” means shares in the Company.

“special resolution” has the meaning given in section 283 of the Companies Act 2006.
“subsidiary” has the meaning given in section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006.

“transmittee” means a person entitled to a share by reason of the death or bankruptcy of
a shareholder or otherwise by operation of law.

“writing” means the representation or reproduction of words, symbols or other
information in a visible form by any method or combination of methods, whether sent or
supplied in electronic form or otherwise.

Unless the context otherwise requires, other words or expressions contained in these
articles bear the same meaning as in the Companies Act 2006 as in force on the date
when these articles become binding on the Company.

EXCLUSION OF THE MODEL ARTICLES

The Model Articles shall not apply to the Company.

LIABILITY OF MEMBERS

The liability of the members is limited to the amount, if any, unpaid on the shares held by
them.

PART 2
DIRECTORS
DIRECTORS' POWERS AND RESPONSIBILITIES
DIRECTORS’ GENERAL AUTHORITY

Subject to the articles, the directors are responsible for the management of the
Company's business, for which purpose they may exercise all the powers of the

Company.


===== page 17 =====
5.1

5.2

6.1

6.2

6.3

741

7.2

8.1

8.2

SHAREHOLDERS’ RESERVE POWER

The shareholders may, by special resolution, direct the directors to take, or refrain from
taking, specified action.

No such special resolution invalidates anything, which the directors have done before the
passing of the resolution.

DIRECTORS MAY DELEGATE

Subject to the articles, the directors may delegate any of the powers, which are conferred
on them under the articles:

(a) to such person or committee;

(b) by such means (including by power of attorney);
(c) to such an extent;

(d) in relation to such matters or territories; and

(e) on such terms and conditions;

as they think fit.

If the directors so specify, any such delegation may authorise further delegation of the
directors’ powers by any person to whom they are delegated.

The directors may revoke any delegation in whole or part, or alter its terms and
conditions.

COMMITTEES
Committees to which the directors delegate any of their powers must follow procedures,
which are based as far as they are applicable on those provisions of the articles which

govern the taking of decisions by directors.

The directors may make rules of procedure for all or any committees, which prevail over
rules derived from the articles if they are not consistent with them.

DECISION-MAKING BY DIRECTORS
DIRECTORS TO TAKE DECISIONS COLLECTIVELY
The general rule about decision-making by directors is that any decision of the directors
must be either a majority decision at a meeting or a decision taken in accordance with
article 9.
If:

(a) the Company only has one director; and

(b) no provision of the articles requires it to have more than one director,


===== page 18 =====
9.1

9.2

9.3

9.4

10

10.1

10.2

10.3

10.4

11

the general rule does not apply, and the director may take decisions without regard to
any of the provisions of the articles relating to directors’ decision-making.

UNANIMOUS DECISIONS

A decision of the directors is taken in accordance with this article when all eligible
directors indicate to each other by any means that they share a common view on a
matter.

Such a decision may take the form of a resolution in writing, copies of which have been
signed by each eligible director or to which each eligible director has otherwise indicated

agreement in writing.

References in this article to eligible directors are to directors who would have been
entitled to vote on the matter had it been proposed as a resolution at a directors’ meeting.

A decision may not be taken in accordance with this article if the eligible directors would
not have formed a quorum at such a meeting.

CALLING A DIRECTORS' MEETING

Any director may call a directors' meeting by giving notice of the meeting to the directors
or by authorising the Company secretary (if any) to give such notice.

Notice of any directors' meeting must indicate:
(a) its proposed date and time;

(b) where it is to take place; and

© if it is antici

place, how i
the meeting.

ited that directors participating in the meeting will not be in the same
is proposed that they should communicate with each other during

Notice of a directors' meeting must be given to each director, but need not be in writing.

Notice of a directors' meeting need not be given to directors who waive their entitlement
to notice of that meeting, by giving notice to that effect to the Company not more than 7
days after the date on which the meeting is held. Where such notice is given after the
meeting has been held, that does not affect the validity of the meeting, or of any business
conducted at it.

PARTICIPATION IN DIRECTORS' MEETINGS

Subject to the articles, directors participate in a directors’ meeting, or part of a directors’
meeting, when:

(a) the meeting has been called and takes place in accordance with the articles; and

(b) they can each communicate to the others any information or opinions they have
on any particular item of the business of the meeting.

In determining whether directors are participating in a directors’ meeting, it is irrelevant
where any director is or how they communicate with each other.


===== page 19 =====
12

12.1

12.2

12.3

13

13.1

13.2

13.3

13.4

14

14.1

14.2

If all the directors participating in a meeting are not in the same place, they may decide
that the meeting is to be treated as taking place wherever any of them is.

QUORUM FOR DIRECTORS' MEETINGS

At a directors’ meeting, unless a quorum is participating, no proposal is to be voted on,
except a proposal to call another meeting.

The quorum for directors’ meetings may be fixed from time to time by a decision of the
directors, and unless otherwise fixed, the quorum is:

(a) one if there is one director; or

(b) two if there is more than one director.

If the total number of directors for the time being is less than the quorum required, the
directors must not take any decision other than a decision:

(a) to appoint further directors; or

(b) to call a general meeting so as to enable the shareholders to appoint further
directors.

CHAIRING OF DIRECTORS’ MEETINGS

The directors may appoint a director to chair their meetings.

The person so appointed for the time being is known as the chairman.
The directors may terminate the chairman's appointment at any time.

If the chairman is not participating in a directors’ meeting within ten minutes of the time at
which it was to start, the participating directors must appoint one of themselves to chair it.

CASTING VOTE

If the numbers of votes for and against a proposal are equal, the chairman or other
director chairing the meeting has a casting vote.

But this does not apply if, in accordance with the articles, the chairman or other director is
not to be counted as participating in the decision-making process for quorum or voting
purposes.


===== page 20 =====
15

16

17

18
18.1

18.2

18.3

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS

Subject to the Companies Acts and to the disclosure of his interests in accordance with
the Companies Acts, a director, notwithstanding his office, may:

(a) be counted as participating in the decision-making process for quorum or voting
purposes in circumstances where a proposed decision of the directors is
concerned with an actual or proposed transaction or arrangement with the
Company in which the director is interested (whether directly or indirectly); and

(b) enter into or otherwise be interested in any contract, arrangement, transaction or
proposal with the Company or in which the Company is otherwise interested and
he shall not be liable to account to the Company for any profit, remuneration or
other benefit derived from any such office, employment, contract, arrangement,
transaction or proposal and no such contract, arrangement, transaction or
proposal shall be avoided on the grounds of any such interest or benefit.

RECORDS OF DECISIONS TO BE KEPT

The directors must ensure that the Company keeps a record, in writing, for at least 10
years from the date of the decision recorded, of every unanimous or majority decision
taken by the directors.

DIRECTORS’ DISCRETION TO MAKE FURTHER RULES
Subject to the articles, the directors may make any rule which they think fit about how

they take decisions, and about how such rules are to be recorded or communicated to
directors.

APPOINTMENT OF DIRECTORS

APPOINTMENT AND REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS

Any person who is willing to act as a director, and is permitted by law to do so, may be
appointed to be a director:

(a) by ordinary resolution; or

(b) by a decision of the directors.

In any case where, as a result of death, the company has no shareholders and no
directors, the personal representatives of the last shareholder to have died have the right,
by notice in writing, to appoint a person to be a director.

For the purposes of paragraph 18.2, where two or more shareholders die in
circumstances rendering it uncertain who was the last to die, a younger shareholder is
deemed to have survived an older shareholder.


===== page 21 =====
19

19.1

20

20.1

20.2

20.3

20.4

20.5

21

TERMINATION OF DIRECTORS' APPOINTMENT

A person ceases to be a director as soon as:

(a) that person is removed in accordance with the terms of article 18;

(b) that person ceases to be a director by virtue of any provision of the Companies
Act 2006 or is prohibited from being a director by law;

(c) a bankruptcy order is made against that person;

(d) a composition is made with that person's creditors generally in satisfaction of that
person's debts;

(e) a registered medical practitioner who is treating that person gives a written
opinion to the Company stating that that person has become physically or
mentally incapable of acting as a director and may remain so for more than three
months;

(0) notification is received by the Company from the director that the director is
resigning from office, and such resignation has taken effect in accordance with its
terms.

DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION

Directors may undertake any services for the Company that the directors decide.

Directors are entitled to such remuneration as the directors determine:

(a) for their services to the Company as directors; and

(b) for any other service which they undertake for the Company.

Subject to the articles, a director's remuneration may:

(a) take any form; and

(b) include any arrangements in connection with the payment of a pension,
allowance or gratuity, or any death, sickness or disability benefits, to or in respect
of that director.

Unless the directors decide otherwise, directors’ remuneration accrues from day to day.

Unless the directors decide otherwise, directors are not accountable to the Company for

any remuneration, which they receive as directors or other officers or employees of the

Company's subsidiaries or of any other body corporate in which the Company is

interested.

DIRECTORS’ EXPENSES

The Company may pay any reasonable expenses which the directors properly incur in
connection with their attendance at:

(a) meetings of directors or committees of directors,


===== page 22 =====
22

22.1

22.2

23

25

25.1

25.2

(b) general meetings; or

(c) separate meetings of the holders of any class of shares or of debentures of the
Company,

or otherwise in connection with the exercise of their powers and the discharge of their
responsibilities in relation to the Company.

PART 3
SHARES AND DISTRIBUTIONS
SHARES
ALL SHARES TO BE FULLY PAID UP

No share is to be issued for less than the aggregate of its nominal value and any
premium to be paid to the Company in consideration for its issue.

This does not apply to shares taken on the formation of the Company by the subscribers
to the Company's memorandum.

DIRECTORS' POWERS TO ALLOT SHARES

In accordance with the provisions of section 550 of the Companies Act 2006, the
directors may exercise any power of the Company:

(a) to allot shares; or
(b) to grant rights to subscribe for or to convert any security into such shares,

and any such allotment may be made as if section 561 of the Companies Act 2006
(existing shareholders’ rights of pre-emption) did not apply to such allotment.

COMPANY NOT BOUND BY LESS THAN ABSOLUTE INTERESTS

Except as required by law, no person is to be recognised by the Company as holding any
share upon any trust, and except as otherwise required by law or the articles, the
Company is not in any way to be bound by or recognise any interest in a share other than
the holder's absolute ownership of it and all the rights attaching to it.

SHARE CERTIFICATES

The Company must issue each shareholder, free of charge, with one or more certificates
in respect of the shares which that shareholder holds.

Every certificate must specify:
(a) in respect of how many shares, of what class, it is issued;
(b) the nominal value of those shares;

(c) that the shares are fully paid; and


===== page 23 =====
25.3
25.4

25.5

26

26.1

26.2

27

27.1

27.2

27.3

27.4

27.5

28

28.1

(d) any distinguishing numbers assigned to them.

No certificate may be issued in respect of shares of more than one class.

If more than one person holds a share, only one certificate may be issued in respect of it.
Certificates must:

(a) have affixed to them the Company's common seal; or

(b) be otherwise executed in accordance with the Companies Acts.
REPLACEMENT SHARE CERTIFICATES

If a certificate issued in respect of a shareholder's shares is:

(a) damaged or defaced; or

(b) said to be lost, stolen or destroyed,

that shareholder is entitled to be issued with a replacement certificate in respect of the
same shares.

A shareholder exercising the right to be issued with such a replacement certificate:

(a) may at the same time exercise the right to be issued with a single certificate or
separate certificates;

(b) must return the certificate which is to be replaced to the Company if it is damaged
or defaced; and

() must comply with such conditions as to evidence, indemnity and the payment of a
reasonable fee as the directors decide.

SHARE TRANSFERS

Shares may be transferred by means of an instrument of transfer in any usual form or
any other form approved by the directors, which is executed by or on behalf of the
transferor.

No fee may be charged for registering any instrument of transfer or other document
relating to or affecting the title to any share.

The Company may retain any instrument of transfer, which is registered.

The transferor remains the holder of a share until the transferee's name is entered in the
register of members as holder of it.

The directors may refuse to register the transfer of a share, and if they do so, the
instrument of transfer must be returned to the transferee with the notice of refusal unless
they suspect that the proposed transfer may be fraudulent.

TRANSMISSION OF SHARES

If title to a share passes to a transmittee, the Company may only recognise the
transmittee as having any title to that share.


===== page 24 =====
28.2

28.3

29

29.1

29.2

29.3

30

31

31.1

31.2

31.3

31.4

31.5

A transmittee who produces such evidence of entitlement to shares as the directors may
properly require:

(a) may, subject to the articles, choose either to become the holder of those shares
or to have them transferred to another person; and

(b) subject to the articles, and pending any transfer of the shares to another person,
has the same rights as the holder had.

But transmittees do not have the right to attend or vote at a general meeting, or agree to
a proposed written resolution, in respect of shares to which they are entitled, by reason of
the holder's death or bankruptcy or otherwise, unless they become the holders of those
shares.

EXERCISE OF TRANSMITTEES' RIGHTS

Transmittees who wish to become the holders of shares to which they have become
entitled must notify the Company in writing of that wish.

If the transmittee wishes to have a share transferred to another person, the transmittee
must execute an instrument of transfer in respect of it.

Any transfer made or executed under this article is to be treated as if it were made or
executed by the person from whom the transmittee has derived rights in respect of the
share, and as if the event which gave rise to the transmission had not occurred.

TRANSMITTEES BOUND BY PRIOR NOTICES

If a notice is given to a shareholder in respect of shares and a transmittee is entitled to
those shares, the transmittee is bound by the notice if it was given to the shareholder
before the transmittee's name has been entered in the register of members.

DIVIDENDS AND OTHER DISTRIBUTIONS
PROCEDURE FOR DECLARING DIVIDENDS

The Company may by ordinary resolution declare dividends, and the directors may
decide to pay interim dividends.

A dividend must not be declared unless the directors have made a recommendation as to
its amount. Such a dividend must not exceed the amount recommended by the directors.

No dividend may be declared or paid unless it is in accordance with shareholders’
respective rights.

Unless the shareholders’ resolution to declare or directors’ decision to pay a dividend, or
the terms on which shares are issued, specify otherwise, it must be paid by reference to
each shareholder's holding of shares on the date of the resolution or decision to declare
or pay it.

If the Company's share capital is divided into different classes, no interim dividend may
be paid on shares carrying deferred or non-preferred rights if, at the time of payment, any
preferential dividend is in arrear.


===== page 25 =====
31.6

31.7

32

32.1

32.2

33

33.1

34.1

The directors may pay at intervals any dividend payable at a fixed rate if it appears to
them that the profits available for distribution justify the payment.

If the directors act in good faith, they do not incur any liability to the holders of shares
conferring preferred rights for any loss they may suffer by the lawful payment of an
interim dividend on shares with deferred or non-preferred rights.

PAYMENT OF DIVIDENDS AND OTHER DISTRIBUTIONS

Where a dividend or other sum which is a distribution is payable in respect of a share, it
must be paid by one or more of the following means:

(a) transfer to a bank or building society account specified by the distribution recipient
either in writing or as the directors may otherwise decide;

(b) sending a cheque made payable to the distribution recipient by post to the
distribution recipient at the distribution recipient's registered address (if the
distribution recipient is a holder of the share), or (in any other case) to an address
specified by the distribution recipient either in writing or as the directors may
otherwise decide;

(c) sending a cheque made payable to such person by post to such person at such
address as the distribution recipient has specified either in writing or as the
directors may otherwise decide; or

(d) any other means of payment as the directors agree with the distribution recipient
either in writing or by such other means as the directors decide.

In the articles, “the distribution recipient” means, in respect of a share in respect of which
a dividend or other sum is payable:

(a) the holder of the share; or

(b) if the share has two or more joint holders, whichever of them is named first in the
register of members; or

() if the holder is no longer entitled to the share by reason of death or bankruptcy, or
otherwise by operation of law, the transmittee.

NO INTEREST ON DISTRIBUTIONS

The Company may not pay interest on any dividend or other sum payable in respect of a
share unless otherwise provided by:

(a) the terms on which the share was issued; or

(b) the provisions of another agreement between the holder of that share and the
Company.

UNCLAIMED DISTRIBUTIONS
All dividends or other sums which are:

(a) payable in respect of shares; and


===== page 26 =====
34.2

35

35.1

35.2

36

(b) unclaimed after having been declared or become payable,

may be invested or otherwise made use of by the directors for the benefit of the
Company until claimed.

The payment of any such dividend or other sum into a separate account does not make
the Company a trustee in respect of it if:

(a) twelve years have passed from the date on which a dividend or other sum
became due for payment; and

(a) the distribution recipient has not claimed it,

the distribution recipient is no longer entitled to that dividend or other sum and it ceases
to remain owing by the Company.

NON-CASH DISTRIBUTIONS

Subject to the terms of issue of the share in question, the Company may, by ordinary
resolution on the recommendation of the directors, decide to pay all or part of a dividend
or other distribution payable in respect of a share by transferring non-cash assets of
equivalent value (including, without limitation, shares or other securities in any company).
For the purposes of paying a non-cash distribution, the directors may make whatever
arrangements they think fit, including, where any difficulty arises regarding the
distribution:

(a) fixing the value of any assets;

(b) paying cash to any distribution recipient on the basis of that value in order to
adjust the rights of recipients; and

() vesting any assets in trustees.
WAIVER OF DISTRIBUTIONS

Distribution recipients may waive their entitlement to a dividend or other distribution
payable in respect of a share by giving the Company notice in writing to that effect, but if:

(a) the share has more than one holder; or

(b) more than one person is entitled to the share, whether by reason of the death or
bankruptcy of one or more joint holders, or otherwise,

the notice is not effective unless it is expressed to be given, and signed, by all the holders
or persons otherwise entitled to the share.


===== page 27 =====
37

37.1

37.2

37.3

37.4

37.5

CAPITALISATION OF PROFITS
AUTHORITY TO CAPITALISE AND APPROPRIATION OF CAPITALISED SUMS

Subject to the articles, the directors may, if they are so authorised by an ordinary
resolution:

(a) decide to capitalise any profits of the Company (whether or not they are available
for distribution) which are not required for paying a preferential dividend, or any
sum standing to the credit of the Company's share premium account or capital
redemption reserve; and

(b) appropriate any sum which they so decide to capitalise (a “capitalised sum”) to
the persons who would have been entitled to it if it were distributed by way of
dividend (the “persons entitled”) and in the same proportions.

Capitalised sums must be applied:

(a) on behalf of the persons entitled; and

(b) in the same proportions as a dividend would have been distributed to them.

Any capitalised sum may be applied in paying up new shares of a nominal amount equal
to the capitalised sum which are then allotted credited as fully paid to the persons entitled
or as they may direct.

A capitalised sum which was appropriated from profits available for distribution may be
applied in paying up new debentures of the Company which are then allotted credited as
fully paid to the persons entitled or as they may direct.

Subject to the articles the directors may:

(a) apply capitalised sums in accordance with paragraphs (3) and (4) partly in one
way and partly in another;

(b) make such arrangements as they think fit to deal with shares or debentures
becoming distributable in fractions under this article (including the issuing of
fractional certificates or the making of cash payments); and

(c) authorise any person to enter into an agreement with the Company on behalf of
all the persons entitled which is binding on them in respect of the allotment of
shares and debentures to them under this article.


===== page 28 =====
38

38.1

38.2

38.3

38.4

38.5

39

40

40.1

40.2

40.3

PART 4
DECISION-MAKING BY SHAREHOLDERS
ORGANISATION OF GENERAL MEETINGS
ATTENDANCE AND SPEAKING AT GENERAL MEETINGS
A person is able to exercise the right to speak at a general meeting when that person is
in a position to communicate to all those attending the meeting, during the meeting, any
information or opinions which that person has on the business of the meeting.

A person is able to exercise the right to vote at a general meeting when

(a) that person is able to vote, during the meeting, on resolutions put to the vote at
the meeting; and

(b) that person's vote can be taken into account in determining whether or not such
resolutions are passed at the same time as the votes of all the other persons
attending the meeting.

The directors may make whatever arrangements they consider appropriate to enable
those attending a general meeting to exercise their rights to speak or vote at it.

In determining attendance at a general meeting, it is immaterial whether any two or more
members attending it are in the same place as each other.

Two or more persons who are not in the same place as each other attend a general
meeting if their circumstances are such that if they have (or were to have) rights to speak
and vote at that meeting, they are (or would be) able to exercise them.

QUORUM FOR GENERAL MEETINGS

No business other than the appointment of the chairman of the meeting is to be
transacted at a general meeting if the persons attending it do not constitute a quorum.

CHAIRING GENERAL MEETINGS

If the directors have appointed a chairman, the chairman shall chair general meetings if
present and willing to do so.

If the directors have not appointed a chairman, or if the chairman is unwilling to chair the
meeting or is not present within ten minutes of the time at which a meeting was due to
start:

(a) the directors present; or

(b) (if no directors are present), the meeting;

must appoint a director or shareholder to chair the meeting, and the appointment of the
chairman of the meeting must be the first business of the meeting.

The person chairing a meeting in accordance with this article is referred to as “the
chairman of the meeting’.


===== page 29 =====
41

41.1

41.2

42

42.1

42.2

42.3

42.4

42.5

42.6

ATTENDANCE AND SPEAKING BY DIRECTORS AND NON-SHAREHOLDERS

Directors may attend and speak at general meetings, whether or not they are
shareholders.

The chairman of the meeting may permit other persons who are not:
(a) shareholders of the Company; or

(b) otherwise entitled to exercise the rights of shareholders in relation to general
meetings,

to attend and speak at a general meeting.

ADJOURNMENT

If the persons attending a general meeting within half an hour of the time at which the
meeting was due to start do not constitute a quorum, or if during a meeting a quorum

ceases to be present, the chairman of the meeting must adjourn it.

The chairman of the meeting may adjoum a general meeting at which a quorum is
present if:

(a) the meeting consents to an adjournment; or
(b) it appears to the chairman of the meeting that an adjournment is necessary to
protect the safety of any person attending the meeting or ensure that the

business of the meeting is conducted in an orderly manner.

The chairman of the meeting must adjourn a general meeting if directed to do so by the
meeting.

When adjourning a general meeting, the chairman of the meeting must:

(a) either specify the time and place to which it is adjourned or state that it is to
continue at a time and place to be fixed by the directors; and

(b) have regard to any directions as to the time and place of any adjournment which
have been given by the meeting.

If the continuation of an adjourned meeting is to take place more than 14 days after it was
adjourned, the Company must give at least 7 clear days’ notice of it (that is, excluding the
day of the adjourned meeting and the day on which the notice is given):

(a) to the same persons to whom notice of the Company's general meetings is
required to be given; and

(b) containing the same information which such notice is required to contain.

No business may be transacted at an adjourned general meeting which could not
properly have been transacted at the meeting if the adjournment had not taken place.


===== page 30 =====
43

444

44.2

45

45.1

45.2

45.3

45.4

46

46.1

VOTING AT GENERAL MEETINGS
VOTING: GENERAL

A resolution put to the vote of a general meeting must be decided on a show of hands
unless a poll is duly demanded in accordance with the articles.

ERRORS AND DISPUTES
No objection may be raised to the qualification of any person voting at a general meeting
except at the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the vote objected to is tendered,

and every vote not disallowed at the meeting is valid.

Any such objection must be referred to the chairman of the meeting, whose decision is
final.

POLL VOTES
A poll on a resolution may be demanded:
(a) in advance of the general meeting where it is to be put to the vote; or

(b) at a general meeting, either before a show of hands on that resolution or
immediately after the result of a show of hands on that resolution is declared.

A poll may be demanded by:

(a) the chairman of the meeting;

(b) the directors;

(c) two or more persons having the right to vote on the resolution; or

(d) a person or persons representing not less than one tenth of the total voting rights
of all the shareholders having the right to vote on the resolution.

A demand for a poll may be withdrawn if:
(a) the poll has not yet been taken; and
(b) the chairman of the meeting consents to the withdrawal.

Polls must be taken immediately and in such manner as the chairman of the meeting
directs.

CONTENT OF PROXY NOTICES
Proxies may only validly be appointed by a notice in writing (a “proxy notice”) which:
(a) states the name and address of the shareholder appointing the proxy;

(b) identifies the person appointed to be that shareholder's proxy and the general
meeting in relation to which that person is appointed;


===== page 31 =====
46.2

46.3

46.4

47

47.1

47.2

47.3

47.4

48

48.1

48.2

(c) is signed by or on behalf of the shareholder appointing the proxy, or is
authenticated in such manner as the directors may determine; and

(d) is delivered to the Company in accordance with the articles and any instructions
contained in the notice of the general meeting to which they relate.

The Company may require proxy notices to be delivered in a particular form, and may
specify different forms for different purposes.

Proxy notices may specify how the proxy appointed under them is to vote (or that the
proxy is to abstain from voting) on one or more resolutions.

Unless a proxy notice indicates otherwise, it must be treated as:

(a) allowing the person appointed under it as a proxy discretion as to how to vote on
any ancillary or procedural resolutions put to the meeting; and

(b) appointing that person as a proxy in relation to any adjournment of the general
meeting to which it relates as well as the meeting itself.

DELIVERY OF PROXY NOTICES

A person who is entitled to attend, speak or vote (either on a show of hands or on a poll)
at a general meeting remains so entitled in respect of that meeting or any adjournment of
it, even though a valid proxy notice has been delivered to the Company by or on behalf of
that person.

An appointment under a proxy notice may be revoked by delivering to the Company a
notice in writing given by or on behalf of the person by whom or on whose behalf the
proxy notice was given.

A notice revoking a proxy appointment only takes effect if it is delivered before the start of
the meeting or adjourned meeting to which it relates.

If a proxy notice is not executed by the person appointing the proxy, it must be
accompanied by written evidence of the authority of the person who executed it to
execute it on the appointor's behalf.

AMENDMENTS TO RESOLUTIONS

An ordinary resolution to be proposed at a general meeting may be amended by ordinary
resolution if:

(a) notice of the proposed amendment is given to the Company in writing by a person
entitled to vote at the general meeting at which it is to be proposed not less than
48 hours before the meeting is to take place (or such later time as the chairman of
the meeting may determine); and

(b) the proposed amendment does not, in the reasonable opinion of the chairman of
the meeting, materially alter the scope of the resolution.

A special resolution to be proposed at a general meeting may be amended by ordinary
resolution, if:


===== page 32 =====
48.3

49

49.1

49.2

49.3

49.5

50

50.1

50.2

50.3

50.4

(a) the chairman of the meeting proposes the amendment at the general meeting at
which the resolution is to be proposed; and

(b) the amendment does not go beyond what is necessary to correct a grammatical
or other non-substantive error in the resolution.

If the chairman of the meeting, acting in good faith, wrongly decides that an amendment
to a resolution is out of order, the chairman's error does not invalidate the vote on that
resolution.

PART 5
ADMINISTRATIVE ARRANGEMENTS
MEANS OF COMMUNICATION TO BE USED

Subject to the articles, anything sent or supplied by or to the Company under the articles
may be sent or supplied in any way in which the Companies Act 2006 provides for
documents or information which are authorised or required by any provision of that Act to
be sent or supplied by or to the Company.

A document or information sent or supplied by the Company in electronic form shall be
deemed to have been received by the intended recipient on the day following that on
which the document or information was sent. Proof that a document or information in
electronic form was sent in accordance with guidance issued by the Institute of Chartered
Secretaries and Administrators from time to time shall be conclusive evidence that the
document or information was served.

Where a document or information is sent by post (whether in hard copy or electronic
form) to an address outside the United Kingdom. It is deemed to have been received by
the intended recipient at the expiration of seven days after it was posted.

Subject to the articles, any notice or document to be sent or supplied to a director in
connection with the taking of decisions by directors may also be sent or supplied by the
means by which that director has asked to be sent or supplied with such notices or
documents for the time being.

A director may agree with the Company that notices or documents sent to that director in
a particular way are to be deemed to have been received within a specified time of their
being sent, and for the specified time to be less than 48 hours.

COMPANY SEALS

Any common seal may only be used by the authority of the directors.

The directors may decide by what means and in what form any common seal is to be
used.

Unless otherwise decided by the directors, if the Company has a common seal and it is
affixed to a document, the document must also be signed by at least one authorised
person in the presence of a witness who attests the signature.

For the purposes of this article, an authorised person is:


===== page 33 =====
51

52

53

53.1

53.2

53.3

(a) any director of the Company;
(b) the Company secretary (if any); or

(c) any person authorised by the directors for the purpose of signing documents to
which the common seal is applied.

NO RIGHT TO INSPECT ACCOUNTS AND OTHER RECORDS

Except as provided by law or authorised by the directors or an ordinary resolution of the
Company, no person is entitled to inspect any of the Company's accounting or other
records or documents merely by virtue of being a shareholder.

PROVISION FOR EMPLOYEES ON CESSATION OF BUSINESS

The directors may decide to make provision for the benefit of persons employed or
formerly employed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries (other than a director or
former director or shadow director) in connection with the cessation or transfer to any
person of the whole or part of the undertaking of the Company or that subsidiary.

DIRECTORS’ INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE
INDEMNITY

Subject to paragraph 53.2, a relevant director of the Company or an associated company
may be indemnified out of the Company's assets against:

(a) any liability incurred by that director in connection with any negligence, default,
breach of duty or breach of trust in relation to the Company or an associated
company,

(b) any liability incurred by that director in connection with the activities of the
Company or an associated company in its capacity as a trustee of an
occupational pension scheme (as defined in section 235(6) of the Companies Act
2006),

(c) any other liability incurred by that director as an officer of the Company or an
associated company.

This article does not authorise any indemnity which would be prohibited or rendered void
by any provision of the Companies Acts or by any other provision of law.

In this article:

(a) companies are associated if one is a subsidiary of the other or both are
subsidiaries of the same body corporate; and

(b) a “relevant director” means any director or former director of the Company or an
associated company.


===== page 34 =====
54 INSURANCE

54.1. The directors may decide to purchase and maintain insurance, at the expense of the
Company, for the benefit of any relevant director in respect of any relevant loss.

54.2 In this article:

(a) a “relevant director” means any director or former director of the Company or an
associated company;

(b) a ‘relevant loss” means any loss or liability which has been or may be incurred
by a relevant director in connection with that director's duties or powers in relation
to the Company, any associated company or any pension fund or employees’
share scheme of the Company or associated company; and

() companies are associated if one is a subsidiary of the other or both are
subsidiaries of the same body corporate.
