

===== page 1 =====
{auto

*AQJIIP35*
09/12/2020 #212
COMPANIES HOUSE


===== page 2 =====
Alpha FMC Midco Limited
Annual report and financial statements «
311 March 2020

Contents

Company information

Directors’ report

Statement of directors’ responsibilities in respect of the Directors’ report and the financial statements
Independent auditor's report to the members of Alpha FMC Midco Limited

Profit and loss account

Balance sheet

Statement of changes in equity

Notes

Cwm sk Une


===== page 3 =====
Alpha FMC Midco Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Company Information

ENB Fraser
JC Paton

Company number 9928345

Registered office 60 Gresham Street
London
EC2V 7BB

Auditor KPMG LLP
St Nicholas House
31 Park Row
‘Nottingham
NGI 6rQ

Banker Lloyds Bank Ple
10 Gresham Street
London
EC2V 7AE

Page |


===== page 4 =====
Alpha FMC Midco Limited,
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Directors’ report

‘The Directors present their report and the audited financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2020 (FY 20’).

Principal activi

‘The principal activity of the Company is that of a holding company.

Results and dividend

‘The results for the year are set out in the attached profit and loss account.

An interim dividend payment totalling £6,909,000 was made to the Company's sole shareholder, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple (FY 19:
£20,551,000), to facilitate the payment of Group” dividends made by the Company's ukimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple, to its
shareholders. This dividend was facilitated by the receipt in the year of a dividend totalling £6,909,000 froma the Company's directly owned subsidiary,
Alpha FMC Midco 2 Limited. The Directors have not recommended the payment ofa final dividend (FY 19: Eni).

Directors

The Directors who held office during the year were as follows:

ENB Fraser
JC Paton

Political contributions

‘The Company made no political donations or incurred any political exoenditure during the year.

Disclosure of information to auditor

‘The Directors who held office at the date of approval af this Directors" report confirm that, so far as they are each aware, there is no relevant audit
information of which the Company's auditor is unaware; and each Director has taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as a Director to make
themselves aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the Company's auditor is aware of that information,

Aur

r

Pursuant to Section 487 of the Companies Act 2006, the auditor will be deemed to be reappointed and KPMG LLP will therefore continue in office.

4 )

q
ea

i le '
John Paton

Direct

60 Street

London EC2V 7BB

4 December 2020

‘FY 20 is the financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2020. By comparison, FY 19 is the previous financial year covering the 12 months to 3{ March 2019.
* Group refers ta the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consullng pie and is subsidiaries,

Page 2


===== page 5 =====
Alpha FMC Midco Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the Directors’ report and the financial
statements

‘The Directors are responsible for preparing the Directors’ Report and the financial statements in accordance with applicable law and regulations.

Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for euch financial year, Under that law they have elected to prepare the financial
statements in accordance with UK accounting standards and applicable law (UK Generally Accepted Accounting Practice), including FRS 101
Reduced Disclosure Framework.

‘Under company law the Directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of
affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for that period. In preparing these financial statements, the Directors are required to:

® select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently,

+ make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

+ assess the Company's ability 1o continue as a going concem, disclosing, es applicable, matters related to going concern; and.

* use the going concem basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.

‘The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the Company's transactions and disclose
with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the
Companies Act 2006. They are responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements
that are free from material misstatement, whether due ta fraud or error, and have general responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to
them to safeguard the assets of the Company and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.

Page 3


===== page 6 =====
Alpha FMC Midco Limited,
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha FMC Midco Limited

Opinion
We have audited the financial statements of Alpha FMC Midco Limited (“the Company”) for the year ended 31 March 2020 which comprise the
balance sheet, profit and loss account and statement of changes in equity and relsted notes, including the accounting policies in note 1.
In our opinion the financial statements:
+ give a truc and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs as at 31 March 2020 and of its profit for the year then ended;
+ have been properly prepared in accordance with UK accounting standards, including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure
‘» have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)") and applicable law. Our responsibilities are
described below. We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and are independent of the Company in accordance with, UK ethical
requirements including the FRC Ethical Standard. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis for our
opinion,

Going concern

‘The Directors have prepared the financial statements on the going ccncera basis as they do not intend to liquidate the Company or to cease its
operations, and 29 they have concluded that the Company's financial position means that this is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no
material uncertainties that conld have cast significant doubt over it: ability to continue as a going concem for at least a year from the date of approval
of the financial statements (“the going concern period”).

‘We are required to report to you if we have conciuded that the use of the going concem basis of accounting is inappropriate or there is an undisclosed
material uncertainty that may cast significant doubt over the use of that basis for a period of at least a year from the date of approval of the financial
statements. In our evaluation of the Directors" conclusions, we consi¢ered the inherent risks to the Company's business model and analysed how those
risks might affect the Company’s financial resources or ability to continue operations over the going concer period. We have nothing to report in
these respects.

However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as sabsequent events may result in outcomes that are inconsistent with judgements
that were reasonable at the time they were made, the absence of refi*cace to a m-aterial uncertainty in this auditor's report is not a guarantee that the
Company will continue in operation.

Directors’ report

‘The Directors are responsible for the Directors’ report. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover that report and we do not express an
audit opinion thereon.

‘Our responsibility is to read the Directors’ report and, in doing so, consider whether, based on our financial statements audit work, the information
therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with the financial stetements or our audit knowledge. Based solely on that work:

‘+ we have not identified material misstatements in the Directors’ report;

+ in our opinion the information given in that report for the financial year is consistent with the financial statements; and

* in our opinion that report has been prepared in accordar.ce with the Companies Act 2006,

Matters on which we are required to report by exception

Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you
+ adequate accounting records have not been kept, or 'stums edequate for our audit have not been received from branches not visited by
us; oF

» our opinion:

* the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and rezumns; oF
* certain disclosures of Directors’ remuneration specified by law ate not made; or
* we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit.
« the directors were not entitled to take advantage of the small companies exemption from the requirement to prepare a Strategic report.
‘We have nothing to repor: in these respects.
Directors’ responsibilities
As explained more fully in their statement set out on page 3, the Directors are respoasible for: the preparation of the financial statements and for being
satisfied that they give a true and fair view; such internal control as thay determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; assessing the Company's ability to continue as a going concer, disclosing, as

applicable, matters related to going concem; and using the going concem basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to
cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but wo do so.

Auditor's responsibilities

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due
to fraud or error, and to issue our opinion in an auditor’s report. Reasonabic assurance is a high level of assurance, but docs not guarantee that an audit
conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a matcral misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could reesona’s's be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis
of the financial statements.

A filler deseription of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC’s wabsite at www.fre.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities.

Page 4


===== page 7 =====
Alpha FMC Midco Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha FMC Midco Limited (continued)

‘The purpose of our audit work and ta whom we owe our responsibilities

‘This report is made solely to the Company's members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006. Our audit work
hhas been undertaken so that we might state to the Company's members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor’s report and for no
other purpase. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do aot accept of assume responsibility to anyone other than the Compeny and the Company's
nerabers, as a body, for our audit work, for this Teport, or for the opinions we have formed.

ane

Craig Parkin (Senior Statutory Auditor)

for and ou behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
‘Chartered Accountants

StNichalas House

31 Park Row

‘Nottingham

NOL FQ

4 December 2020

Page 3



===== page 8 =====
Alpha FMC Mideo Limited

Annual report and financial statements

Profit & loss account
for the year ended 31 March 2020

Note FY 20
£000
‘Administrative expenses -
Operating profit -
Income ftom shares in Group undertakings s 6908
Profit before taxation 6909
Texation 4 -
Profit for the financial year 6909

In both the current and preceding yeer, the Company made no material acquisitions and had no discontinued pperetions.

31 March 2020

Fy19

20,909

‘There were no zecognised gains of losses in cither the current of proveding year other than those disclosed in the profit and loss account, and therefore

‘no separate statement of other comprehensive ineome has been presented.

Page 6


===== page 9 =====
Balance sheet
As at 31 March 2020

Non-current assets
Investments
Amounts owed by Group undertakings

Current assets
Debtors

Current liabilities
Creditors: amounts falling due Within one year

Net current liabilities

Net assets

Capital and reserves
Called up share capital
Profit and loss account

Shareholders’ funds

pe
Foam ¢ Phion
Director

Cones number: 09928345.

Agat
Note M1 March 2020
2000 £000

7 1342

91,363

92,705

9 (92,435)

(92,438)

250

270

Page 7

Alpha FMC Midco Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Asat
31 Maren 2019
£000 £000

1342

1342

84,454

84,454

(85,526)

072)

270

al statements. These financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of
ed on its behalf by:

‘The notes on pages 9-15 form part of thes:
Directors on 4 December 2020. They werf si
eo ()) ih


===== page 10 =====
Statement of changes in equity

As.at 1 April 2018

Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit for the period

‘Transactions with owners
Dividends

Balanee at 31 March 2019

‘As at 1 April 2019

Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit for the period

‘Transactions with owners
Dividends

Balance at 31 March 2020

Page 3

Alpha FMC Midco Limited ,
Annus! report and financial statements

31 March 2020
Called up ‘Total
share —Profitand shareholders’
capital loss account funds
£000 £000 £000
20 (08) (88)
- 20,909 20,909
- (20,551) (20,551)
2» 250 270
20 250 270
- 6,909 6,909
- (6,909) (6,909)

20 250 270


===== page 11 =====
Alpha FMC Mideo Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Notes
{forming part of the financial statements)

1 Accounting policies
‘Alpha FMC Mideo Limited (the Company”) is a Company limited by shares, domiciled and registered in the UK. The registered number is 09928345
and the registered address is 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB.

‘These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework (“FRS 101”),

‘The Company is exempt by virtue of Section 400 of the Companies Act 2006 from the requirement to prepare Group financial statements. These
financial statements present information about the Company as an individual and not about its Group. Further, in accordance with Section 414A(2) of
‘the Companies Act 2006, the Company has taken the small company exemption from the requirement to prepare a strategic report.

In preparing these nancial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement and disclosure requirements of Intemational Financial
Reporting Standards as adapted by the EU (“Adopted IFRSs"), but makes amendments where necessary in order to comply with Companies Act 2006
and has set out below where advantage of the FRS 101 disclosure exemptions has been taken.

‘The Company's parent undertaking, Aipha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, includes the Company in its consolidated financial statements. The
consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc are available to the public and may be obtained from 60 Gresham Street,
London, EC2V 7BB, or the website investors.alphafine.com.

In these financial statements, the Company has applied the exemptions available under FRS 101 in respect of the following disclosures:
* A.cash flow statement and related notes;
= comparative period reconciliations for share capital, tangible fixed assets, imangible assets and investment properties;
* disclosures in respect of transactions with wholly owned subsidiaries;
* disclosures in respect of capital management;
* the effecis of new but not yet effective IFRSs;

* disclosures in respect of the compensation of Key Management Personnel; and
+ disclosures of transactions with a management entity that provides key management personnel services to the Company.

As the consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc include the equivalent disclosures, the Company has also taken the
exemptions under FRS 101 available in respect of the following disclosures:

‘+ IFRS 2 Share Based Payments in respect of group settled share based payments; and

+= Certain disclosures required by IFRS 16 Leases in relation to disclosure of the Company's leasing activities,

+ Certain disclosures required by IFRS 3 Business Combina:ions in respect of business combinations undertaken by the Company.
The accounting policies set out below have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods presented in these financial statements.

“There are no judgements made by the Directors, in the application of these eccounting policies that have significant effect on the financial statements
and estimates with a significant risk of material adjustment in the next year.

at Measurement convention
The financial statements are prepared on the historical cost b:

12 Going concern

Notwithstanding net current liabilities of £92,435,000 as at 31 March 2020 the financial statements have been prepared on a going concem basis which
the Directors consider to be appropriate for the following reasons,

‘The Directors have prepared cash flow forecasts for a period of 12 months from the date of approval of these financial statements which indicate that,
taking account of reasonably possible downsides, the Company will have sufficient funds, to meet its liabilities as they fall due for that period.

‘Those forecasts are dependent on the Company’s ultimate parent company, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple not seeking repayment of the
amounts currently due to the other companies controlled by the Group, which at 31 March 2020 amounted to £92,435,000, Alpha Financial Markets
Consulting Plc has indicated that it does not intend to seek repayment of these amounts for the period covered by the forecasts. As-with any company
support, the Directors acknowledge that there can be no certainty that this support will continue
although, at the date of approval of these financial statements, they have no reason to believe that it will not do so.

‘Consequently, the Directors are confident that the Company will have sufficient funds to continue to meet its liabilities as they fall due for at least 12,
months from the date of approval of the financial statements and therefore have prepared the financial statements on a going concern basis.

Impact of COVID -19
‘The Directors note that the World Health Organisation declared a pandemic relating to COVID-19 on 11 March 2020, and social distancing measures
were introduced in the UK during March 2020, Therefore, the Directors have considered the significance of the economic ramifications of the virus
before the end of the Company's financial year and its potential effect on the financ:al statements for the year ended 31 March 2020. In particular, the
Directors have assessed the impact of incorporating additional COVID-19 risk factors in applying downside sensitivities in the going concem
assessment over a period of 12 months after the signing of these financial statements, The Directors have also consideres the impact of the pandemic
‘on the expected credit Joss calculation on the Companys intercompany receivables.

“The Company is assessed to have sufficient financial resources to continme in operation for at least 12 months on the basis that other Group entities do
not demand repayment of the Company's intercompany loans as disclosed above. The Company also has access to additional funding through other
Group entities, via the Group's revolving credit facility and the strength of the Group's eash position at 31 March 2020, Accordingly, the Directors have
adopted the going concem basis in preparing these financial statements.

Page 9


===== page 12 =====
Alpha FMC Midco Limited ,
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Notes (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)

13 Foreign currency

‘Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the Company's functional currencies at the foreign exchange rate ruling at the date of the
transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the balance sheet date are retransiated to the functional currency at the
foreign exchange rate ruling at that dite, Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are
translated using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction, Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are stated at
fair value are retranslated to the functional currency at foreign exchange raves ruling at the dates the fair value was determined, Foreign exchange
differences arising on translation are recognised in the profit and oss,

Ld Financial instruments

‘The Company uses financial instruments comprising cash and cash equivalents, preference shares, loan notes and other short-term instruments, such as
trade payables that arise from its operations, The main purpose of these financial instruments is to fund the Group's business strategy and working,
capital requirements.

Accounting policies in. respect of financial instruments are outlined below.

Financial assets

Financial assets are initially measured at fair value plus or minus, in te case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction
costs. The Company has not reclassified any financial assets subsequent to initial recognition as at the balance sheet date. Reclassification of classes of
financial assets is accounted for prospectively in accordance with IFRS 9, where this is required. Any difference on reclassification from amortised cost
to fair value through profit or loss is tecognised in the profit and loss at the reclassification date.

Financial assets are assessed al each reporting date to determine a lifetime expected credit loss that reflects the credit risk associated with the portfolio
of assets. A financial asset is impaired in line with the simplified approach under IFRS 9 which uses a lifetime expected Joss allowance.

An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured al amortised cost is calculated as the difference between its camying amount and the
present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the asset’s original effective interest rate. For financial instruments measured at cost less
impairment, impairment is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the best estimate of the amount that the Company would
receive for the asset if it were to be sold at the reporting date. Interest on the impairment asset continues to be recognised through the unwinding of the
discount, Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. When a subsequent event causes the amount of the impairment to decrease, the decrease in
impairment loss is reversed through Statement of comprehensive income

Amounts owed by Group undertakings

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are recognised initially at fuir value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less provision far impairment,
A provision for impairment of intercompany receivables is established using an expected credit loss model. The Group classifies all intercompany
receivables that form a part of the normal trading eycle of the Group as current, as well as non-trading balances where the counterparty has sufficient
resources to settle the balance within a twelve month period from the ba'snce sheet date. All other amounts owed by Group undertakings are
considered as non-current assets. This represents a change in accounting policy in the year. All balances were considered current in the comparative
period.

Financial liabilities

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include fina cial liailities held for trading and financial liabilities designated upon init
recognition as at fair value through profit or loss. Financial liabihtizs are classified as held for tading if they are acquired for the purpose of selling in
the near term, This category includes derivative finencia! instruments entered into by the Company that are not designated as hedging instruments in
hedge relationships as defined by IFRS 9. As at 31 March 2020, the Company had no such financial liabilities.

Other financial liabilities held by the Group are recognised at amortised cost.

Amounts owed to Group undertakings
Amounts owed by group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost.
Other creditors

Other creditors are recognised initially at fair value. Subsequent to in'tial recognition they are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
method.

Investments in subsidiaries
Investments in subsidiaries are carried at cost less impairment.

LS impairment

Financial assets (excluding trade and other debtors)

A financial asset not carried at fair value through profit or loss is avzossedi at each reporting date to determine whether there is objective evidence that it
is impaired. A financial asset is impaired if objective evidence indicates that a loss event has occurred after the initial recognition of the asset, and that
the loss event had a negative effect on the estimated future cash flows of that asset that can be estimated reliably.

An impairment loss in respect of @ financial asset measured at amortised cost is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the
present value of the estimated future cash flows disenunted at the asce:’s origisal effective interest rate, For financial instruments measured at cost less
impairment an impairment is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the best estimate of the amount that the Company would
receive for the asset if if were fo be sold at the reporting date. Inter-st on the impaired asset continues to be recognised through the unwinding of the
discount, When a subsequent event causes the amount of impairment loss to decrease, the decrease in impairment Joss is reversed through profit or
Joss.

Page 16


===== page 13 =====
Alpha FMC Midco Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Notes (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)

LS Impairment (continued)

Non-financial assets

The carrying amounts of the entity’s non-financial assets, otner than deferred tox assets, a-e reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether there
is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the assets’ recoverable amount is estimated. The recoverable amount of an assct or
cash-generating unit is the greater of its value in use and its fair value, less costs to seul. In assessing value in use, the estimated furure cash flows are
discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific
wo the asset.

For the purposes of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates
independent cash inflows (the “cash-generating unit”); that is, cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of
other assets or groups of assets

‘An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable amount. Impairment losses are
recognised in profit or loss. Impairment losses recognised in resvect of CGUs are allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill
allocated to the units and, then, to reduce the carrying amoun's of other assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro-rata basis.

An impairment loss is reversed if and only if the reasons for the impairment have ceased to apply.

Impairment losses recognised in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indication that the loss has decreased or no tonger exists. An
impairrent loss is only reversed to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount does ot exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined,
net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

16 Provisions
‘A provision is recognised in the balance sheet when the Company has a present fegal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, that can be
reliably measured and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be reauired to settle the obligation. Provisions are determined by
discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects risks specific to the Hability,

“7 Taxation

‘Tax on the profit or loss for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recogni wed in the profit and loss account except to the extent that it
relates to items recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive income. in whic’ case it is recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive
income,

Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year, using tax rates enacted of substantively eriacted at the
balance sheet date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

Deferred tax is provided using the balance sheet liability method, providing for temperary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. Fhe amount of deferred tax provided is based on the expected
‘manner of realisation or settlement of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet
date,

The carrying amount of deferred tux assets is reviewed at each balance sheet dato and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient
taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offiet when there is a legally
enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities, and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority
and the Company intends to settle its eurrent tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

18 New accounting standards and interpretations
‘The Intemational Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) have issued the following standards and
interpretations which are now effective:

* TFRS 16 Leases (IFRS 16); and

‘= IFRIC 23 Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments (IFRIC 23)

‘The Directors reviewed the nature and effect that these new standards have had on tne Company and do not believe that the impact is material, These
standards have been adopted by the Company:

IFRS 16— Leases (effective for periods commencing on or after 1 January 2019)

IFRS 16 Leases is effective for periods beginning on ot after 1 January 2019 and is the-efore epplicable to the current period. This standard replaces
accounting reatment for leases previously depicted in LAS 17, IFRS 16 introduced a single lessee accounting model whereby a lessee is required to
recognise a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for all leases with a term of more that. 12 months. ‘The depreciation on the right-of-use asset will be
accounted for separately from the interest expense incurred on the lease liability in the income statems
‘There has been no impact in these financial statements from the implementation of IFRS 16, as the Company did not hold leases in the current or priot
year.

TFRIC 23 — Uncertainty Over Income Tax Treatments (effective for periods commencing on or after I January 2019)

The IFRIC 23 ‘Uncertainty Over Income Tax Treatments’ interpretation is effective for accounting periods beginning on of after 1 January 2019 and
provides further clarification on how to apply the recognition and measurement requirements in IAS 12 ‘Income Taxes’.

IFRIC 23 has not had a material impact an the financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2020.
There are no accounting standards that are not yet effective that would be expected {o have a material impact on the Company in the current of next
teporting periods.

Page 11


===== page 14 =====
Alpha FMC Midco Limited |
Annual report and financial statements,

31 Mareh 2020
Notes (continued)
2 Auditor's remuneration
Auditor's remuneration:
FY 20 FY 19
£000 ‘£000
1 Audit of these financial statements 4 4

Amouats receivable by the Company's auditor and its associates in respect of services to the Company and its associates, other than the audit of the
‘Company's financial statements, have not been disclosed as the information is required instead to be disclosed on a consolidated basis in the
consolidated financial statements of the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc.

3 Staff numbers and costs

‘The Company had no employees during the current of prior periods,

: 4 Directors’ remuneration

‘The Directors of the Company are paid out of other entities within the Group. The Directors believe that the value of their services in respect of the
Company, in both the current and prior periods, were negligible and therefore, have not been disclosed.

5 Tacome from shares in Group undertakings
F¥20 Frys
£000 +2000
Dividend income 6,909 20,909
6 Taxation
Recogaised in the profit and loss aceount
FY20 FYI9
£000 2000 £000
: Current tax
: ‘Current tax on income for the period - -
Adjustments in respect of prior periods : -
‘Total current tax - -
Deferred tax
Adjustments in respect of priot periods -
—
Reconciliation of effective tax rate
FY 20 re
: £000 £000
Profit for the year 6,909 20,909
Total tex expense - -
Profit excluding taxation 6909 20,909
‘ “Tox using the UK corporation tax rate of 19% (FY 19: 19%) 1313 3,973
Non-laxable income 44313) @,973)
‘Total tax expense _ -

‘The UK corporation tax rate legislation announced is set to hold the corporation tax rate at 19% for the 2019/20 and 2020/21 tax years. This rate has
been reflected in the calculation of deferred tax for the year ended 31 March 2020.

7 Fixed asset investments
Shares in
Group undertakings
£000
At31 March 2020 & 31 March 2019 1342

i Page 12


===== page 15 =====
Alpha FMC Mideo Limited
‘Annual repor. and financial statements

31 March 2020
Notes (continued)
1 Fixed asset investments (continued)
Class and Class and
percentage of percentage of
Country of Registered shares held - shares held -
Subsidiary undertakings Incorporation address Principal activity 31 Mareb 202031 March 2019
Alpha FMC Mideo 2 Limited UK 1 Intermediate holding company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Alpha FMC Bidco Limited UK 1 Intermediate holding company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited UK 1 Intermediate holding company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Alpha FMC Group Nominees Limited UK 1 Group services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Group Limited UK 1 termediate holding company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ; ; oh ordi
oes Limes UK 1 Intermediate holding company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Aloha Banca Maricets Consulting UK UK L Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alin Teshrlog Sowies Coneting 1K Dormant 10% ordinary. 100% ovdinary
Alpha Data Solutions Limited UK ‘ Consultaney services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Inc. USA 2 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Sinks Financial Markets Consulting France 3 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting S.A. Luxembourg 4-—=— Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Aiphe Finances Markets Consulting Netherlands 5 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting , . ; : ;
oe eee Switzerland 6 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Track Two Gmbli Germany 7 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting , ' :
7 %
Singapore Pee Limited Singapore 8 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinexy
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ;
Tans Korg Limited HongKong -«@~—=—Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting . . '
Panaracer iain Australia 10 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Obsidian Solutions Limited UK 1 Consultancy services 100% ordinary nla
Qipka Technology Services Consulting France 3 Consultancy services 100% ordinary wa
Obsidian Alpha Data Solutions LLC Serbia 11 Consultancy services 100% ordinary wa
Notes:

1, 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB

2, 575 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY 10017, USA

3, 6 Square de L1Opera Louis Jouvet, 75008 Paris, France

4, 19/21 route d'Arion - bloc B, L-8009 Strassen, Luxemboury,

5. Spaces Zuidas, Barbara Srozzilaan 101, 1083 HN, Amsterdam, The Netherlands
6. Bleicherweg 10, 8002 Zurich, Switzerland

7. Mergenthalezallee 73-75, 65760 Eschborn, Germany

8,3A Conway Circle, Singapore 558288

9, 22/F., Neich Tower, 128 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong
10, 383-385 George Street, Sydney NSW 2000

11. Belgrade, Serbia at Bulevar kralja Aleksandra no.52

Page 13


===== page 16 =====
Notes (continued)

7 Fixed asset investments (continued)

‘Subsidiary undertakings

Alpha FMC Midco 2 Limited

Alpha FMC Bidco Limited

Aipha FMC Group Holdings Limited

Alpha FMC Group Nominees Limited

Alpha FMC Group Limited

Aipha Financial Markets Consuiting Group Limited
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited

Alpha Technology Services Consulting Limited

Glass Client Programs Limited

Alpha Data Solutions Limited

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Inc.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting S.A.8.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting S.A.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Netherlands B.V.
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Switzerland S.A.
“Track Two Gmbe

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Singapore Pte. Limited
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Hong Kong Limited
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting, Australie PTY Limited
‘Obsidian Solutions Limited

Alpha Technology Services Consulting S.A.S

Obsidian Alpha Data Solutions LLC

8 Debtors

Amounts owed by Group undertakings

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are interest free and are repayable on demand.

9 Creditors: amounts falling due within one year

Amounts owed to Group undertakings

Alpha FMC Mideo Limited
Annual report and financial statements *

31 March 2020
Share capital Profit(loss) for
‘and reserves the period
£000 £000
20 6,909
1,389 6,681
29,425 7187
2 7,187
12,190 10,212
19,170 10,101
(1.081) (874)
338 2,210
7.701 1,175
4,550 460
(403) (69)
@7) (40)
865) 58
1,068 23
2) eo
24 26
356 (95)
44 -
FY 20 FY 19
£000 £000
- 84,454
- 84454
FY 20 FYI9
2000 £000
92435 85,526
92,435 85,526

Amounts owed to Group undertakings are either interest-bearing or non interes‘-Learing depending on the type of the creditor relationship and are

repayable on demand,

‘The Group has no intention to request the repayment of amounts o.ved to other Group entities within the next twelve months,

10 Capital and reserves

Share capital
Allowed, called up and fully paid
20,000 ordinary shares of £1

Shares classified in shareholders’ funds

FY20 FY19
£000 £000
20 20
20
20 20
20 20

‘The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends es dec iwred from time t tirae and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the

‘Company.
Dividends

An interim dividend payment totalling, £6,909,000 was made to the Company's sole shareholder, Alpha Financia] Markets Consulting Ple (FY 19:
£20,551,000), to facilitate the payment of the Group dividend made by the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple, to its

shareholders. This di

idend was facilitated by the receipt in the year of's dividen 4 totalling £6,909,000 from the Company's directly owned subsidiary,

‘Aipha FMC Midco 2 Limited. The Directors have not recommended the paymem: of a final dividend (FY 19: £nil),

Page 14


===== page 17 =====
Alpha FMC Midco Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Notes (continued)

1 Related parties

Identity of related parties with which the Company has transacted

‘The Company has not engeged in any transactions with any related parties other than with wholly owned subsidiaries, These transactions have not heen
disclosed as the Company has taken advantage of exemptions under FRS 101.

2 Events after the reporting period

The Directors consider that the outbreak of COVID-19 globally represents an adjusting event at the balance sheet date on the basis that the significance
of the social and economic impact was apparent at that date. The Group has therefore considered all conditions up to the date of issuance of the
financial statements as adjusting events. Ax disclosed in note 1, the impact of COVID-19 has been assessed in relation to: impairment of fixed asset
investments, and the expected credit loss on intercompany receivables.

13 Ultimate parent company and parent company of larger Group
‘The Company is a subsidiary undertaking of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Pic, incorporated in England and Wales. The ultimate controlling
party is Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc.

Both the largest and smallest Group in which the results of the Company are consolidaced is that headed by Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc,
incorporated in England and Wales. The consolidated financial statements of the Group are available to the public and may be obtained from 60
Gresham: Street, London, EC2V 7BB, or the website investors.alphafine.com.

Page 15
