

===== page 1 =====
Alpha FMC Midco Limited

Annual report and financial statements

Registered number 09928345
31 March 2021

z
4
@
5
& *ARIMOSLU*
Ma ACO 48/12/2021 #27
COMPANIES HOUSE
4 *AAIMODKL*
AIS 48/2/2021 #2

COMPANIES HOUSE


===== page 2 =====
Alpha FMC Midco Limited
Annual report and financial statements,
31 March 2021

Contents

Company information

Directors’ report

Statement of directors’ responsibili in respect of the Directors’ report and the financial statements
Independent auditor's report to the members of Alpha FMC Midco Limited

Profit and loss account

Balance sheet

Statement of changes in equity

we awakune

Notes


===== page 3 =====
Alpha FMC Midco Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Company Information

Directors ENB Fraser
JC Paton

Company number 99928345

Registered office 60 Gresham Street
London
EC2V 7BB

Auditor KPMG LLP
St Nicholas House
31 Park Row
Nottingham
NGL 6FQ

Banker Lloyds Bank Ple
16 Gresham Street
London
EC2V 7AE

Page |


===== page 4 =====
Alpha FMC Mido Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Directors’ report

The Directors present their report and the audited financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2021 (FY 21").

Principal activities
‘The principal activity of the Company is that of a holding company.

Results and dividend

“The results for the year are set out in the attached profit end loss eccount,

A dividend payment tofslling £6,000,000 was made to the Company's sole shareholder, Aipha Financial Markets Consulting Ple (FY 20: £6,909,000),
to facilitate the payment of Group” dividends made by the Company’s ultimate parent, Alpba Financial Markets Consulting Ple, to its sharcholders. This,
dividend was facilitated by the receipt in the year of a dividend totalling £6,000,000 from the Company's directly owned subsidiary, Alpha FMC Midco
2 Limited, The Directors have not recommended the payment of a final dividend (FY 20: fn).

Directors

‘The Directors who held office during the year were as follows:

ENB Fraser

3C Paton

Political contributions

“The Company made uo politica) donations or ineurred any political expenditure during the year.

Disclosure of information to auditor ”

“The Directors who held office at the date of approval of this Dizectors® report confirm that, so far as they are each aware, there is no relevant audit
information of which the Company's auditor is unaware; and each Director has taken all the steps that they ought to have taket as a Director to make
themselves aware of any relevant sudit information and to establish that the Company's awlitor is aware of that information.

Auditor
Pursuant to Seotion 487 of the Companies Act 2006, the auditor will be deemed tw be reappointed and KPMG LLP will therefore continue in office.

By order of the Board.

ms

‘sham Street

EC2V 1BB
3 ber 2021
* EY 21 1s the financial year covering the 12 0 3] March 2021. By: so, FY 20 is the previous financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2020.

? Group refers to the Campany’s ultimate pareot, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ple and its subsidiarics.

Page 2



===== page 5 =====
Alpha FMC Midco Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the Directors’ report and the financial
statements

‘The Directors are responsible for preparing the Directors” Report and the financial statements in accordance with applicable law and regulations.

Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law they have elected to prepare the financial
statements in accordance with LK accounting standards and applicable law (UK Generally Accepted Accounting Practice), including FRS 101
Reduced Disclosure Framework

‘Under company law the Directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of
affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for that period. In preparing these financial statements, the Directors are required to

* select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently:

* make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

* state whether applicable UK accounting standards have been followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and explained
in the financial statements:

© assess the Company's ability to continue as a going concem, disclosing, as appheable, matters related to going concern; and

* use the going concem basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations or have no
Tealistic alternative but to do so.

‘The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the Company's transactions and disclose
with reasonable accuracy at any time the Financial position of the Company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with zhe
Companies Act 2006, They are responsible for such intetnal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements
that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have general responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to
them to safeguard the assets of the Company and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregulanities.

Page 3


===== page 6 =====
Alpha FMC Mideo Limited
Anouai report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha FMC Midco Limited

Opinion
We have audited the financial statements of Alpha FMC Midco Limited (“the Company”) for the year ended 31 March 2021 which comprise the profit,
and loss account, balance sheet, statement of changes in equity and related notes, including the accounting policies in note 1
In our opinion the financial statements

© give a true and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs as at 31 March 2021 and ofits profit for the year then ended;

* have been properly prepared in accordance with UK. accounting standards, including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure

Framework; and
+ have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Intemational Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)") and applicable law. Our responsibilities are
described below. We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and are independent of the Company in accordance with, UK ethical
requirements including the FRC Ethical Standard. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained 1s a sufficient and appropriate basis for our
opinion.

Going concern

‘The Directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concern basis as they do not intend to liquidate the Company or to cease its
‘operations, and as they have concluded that the Company's financial position means that this is realistic, They have also concluded that there are no
material uncertainties that could have cast significant doubt over its ability to continue as a going, conceen for at leas: a year from the date of approval of
the financial statentents (‘the going concern period”).

In our evaluation of the Directors’ conclusions, we considered the inherent risks to the Company’ business model and analysed how those risks might
affect the Company's financial resources or ability to continue operations over the going concer period

Our conclusions based on this work:

‘¢ we consider that the Directors’ use of the going concem hasis of accounting in the preparation of the financial siatements 1s appropriate,
+ we have not identified, and concur with the Directors’ assessment that there is not, a material uncertainty related to events or
conditions that, indvvidually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the Company's ability to continue as a going concern for the
going concern period.
However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in outcomes that are inconsistent with judgements
that were reasonable at the time they were made, the above conclusions are not a guaranice that the Company will continue in operation.
Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations — ability to detect
idemtifying and responding ta risks of material misstatement clue to fraud

To identify risks of material misstatement due to fraud ("fraud risks”) we assessed events or conditions that could indicate an incentive or pressure to
commit fraud or provide an opportunity to commit fraud. Our risk assessment procedures included enquiring of Directors and inspection of policy
documentation as to the Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc’s policies and procedures to prevent and detect fraud that apply to this group company
as well as enquiring whether the Directors have knowledge of any actual, suspected or alleged fraud.

As required by auditing standards, we perform procedures to address the risk of management override of controls, in particular the risk that
management may be in a position to make appropriate accounting entries. On this audit we do not believe there is a fraud risk related to revenue
recognition because there are no revenue transactions. We did not identify any additional fraud risks

We performed procedures including agreeing all accounting entries in the period to supporting documentation.

Identifving and responding to risks of material misstatement due to non-compliance with laws and regulations

‘We identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the financial statements from our generat
commercial and sector experience and through discussion with the Directors (as required by auditing standards), and discussed with the Directors the
policies and pracedures regarding compliance with laws and regulations.

The Company is subject to laws and regutations that directly affect the financial statements ineluding financial reporting legislation (including related
companies legisiation), distributable profits iegislation and taxation legislation and we assessed the extent of compliance with these laws and
regulations as part of our procedures on the related financial statement items,

This Company, as 4 holding company. is not subject 1o other laws and regulations where the consequences of non-compliance could have a matenal
effect on amounts ot disclosures in the financial statements

Context of the ability of the audit to detect fraud or breaches af law or regulation

Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an unavoidable risk thar we may not have detected some material misstatements in the financial
statements, even though we have properly planned and performed our audit in accordance with auditing standards, For example, the further removed
non-compliance with laws and regulations is from the events ard transactions reflected in the financial statements, the less likely the inherently limited
procedures required by auditing standards would identify it

In addition, as with any audit, there remained a higher risk of non-detection of fraud, as these may involve colluston, forgery. intentional omissions.

tmisrepresentations, or the override of internal controls. Our audit procedures are designed to detect material misstatement. We are not responsible for
preventing non-compliance or fraud and cannot be expected to detzet non-compliance with all laws and regulations.

Page d


===== page 7 =====
Alpha FMC Mideo Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha FMC Midco Limited (continued)

Directors’ report
The Directors are responsible for the Directors’ repost. ur opition on the financial statements does not cover that report and we do not express an
audit opinion thereon.
Our responsibility is to read the Directors’ report and, in doing so, consider whether, based on our financial statements audit work, the information,
therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with the financial statements or our audit knowledge. Based solely on that work:

+ we have not identified material misstatements in the Directors’ report;

* in our opinion the information given in that report for the financial year is consistent with the financial statements, and

* in our opinion that report has been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006,

Matters on which we are required to report by exception
Under the Companies Act 2006 we ate required to report to you if, in our opinion:
*# adequate accounting records have nat heen kept or returns adequate for our audit have not been received from branches not
visited by us, or
+ the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or
+ certain disclosures of Directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made, or
* we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit; or
* the Directors were not entitled to take advantage of the small companies exemption from the requirement to prepare a strategie repor.

‘We have nothing to report in these respects.

Directors’ responsibilities

As explained more fully in their statement set out on page 3, the Directors are responsible for: the preparation of the financial statements and for being
satisfied that they give a true and fair view: such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; assessing the Company's ability to continue as a going concem, disclosing, as
applicable, matters related to going concern: and using the going concem basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to
cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor's responsibilities

‘Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to
fraud or error, and to issue our opimon in an auditor's report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but does not guarantee that an audit
conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis
of the financial statements.

A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC’s website at www fic org uk/auditorsresponsibilities
The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities

This report is made solely to the Company's members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006. Our audit work
has been undertaken so that we might state to the Company's members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no
other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the Company's
members, as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed,

aa

Craig Parkin (Senior Statutory Auditor)

for and on bebalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
Chartered Accountants

St Nicholas House.

31 Park Row

Nottingham

NGI 6FQ

13 December 2021


===== page 8 =====
Profit & loss account
for the year ended 31 March 2021

Note
Administrative expenses,
Operating profit
Income from shares in Group undertakings 5
Profit before taxation
Taxation 6

Profit for the financial year

Alpha FMC Midco Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2021
Year ended Year ended
31 March 31 March
2024 2020
£000 £000
6,000 6,909
6,000 6,909
6,000 6,909

4n both the current and preceding year, the Company made no material acquisitions and had no discontinued operations.

There were no recognised gains or losses in either the current or preceding year other than those disclosed in the profit and loss account, and therefore
ho separate statement of other comprehensive income has been presented.

Page 6


===== page 9 =====
Alpha FMC Midco Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2021
Balance sheet
As at 31 March 2021
Asat Asat
Note 34 March 2021 31 Mareh 2020
£000 £000 £000 #2000
‘Non-current assets
Investments 7? 1,342 1,342
Amounts owed by Group undertakings 8 97,363 91,363
98,708 92,705
Current Habilities
Creditors: amounts falling due within one year 9 (98435) (92,435)
Net current liabilities (8433) (92,435)
Net assets 270 270
—— ee
‘Capital and reserves
Called up share capital 10 20 20
Profit and loss account 250 250
Shareholders’ fuads 270 270
——— renee

‘The notes on pages 9-16 form part of these financial statements. These financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of
Directors on 13 December 2021, They were signed on its behalf by:

xy registered number: 09928345

Page?


===== page 10 =====
Statement of changes in equity

Asat J April 2019

‘Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit for the period

‘Transactions with owners
Dividends

As at 31 March 2020

Total comprehensi
Profit for the period

income for the period

‘Transactions with owners
Dividends

Asat31 March 2021

Page 8

Alpha FMC Midco Limited
Anqual report and financial statements
31 Mateh 2021

Called up Total
share Profitand shareholders’
capital loss account funds
£000 £000 £000
20 250 270

- 6,909 6,909

: (6,909) (6,909)

20 280 270

: 6,000 6,000

- (6,000

20 250 270


===== page 11 =====
Alpha EMC Mideo Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Notes
(forming part of the financial statements)

1 Accounting policies

Alpha FMC Midco Limited (the *Company”) is a Company limited by shares, domiciled and registered in the UK. The registered number is 09928345
and the registered address ts 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB.
‘These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework (“FRS 101")

‘The Company is exempt by virtue of Section 400 of the Companies Act 2006 from the requirement to prepare Group financial statements, These
financial statements present information about the Company as an individual and not about its Group, Further, in accordance with Section 414A(2) of
the Companies Act 2006, the Company as taken the exemption from preparing a strategic report

in preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement and disclosure requirements of Intemational Financial
Reporting Standards (“Adopted IFRSs"), but makes amendments where necessary in order 10 comply with Companies Act 2006 and has set out below
where advantage of the FRS 101 disclosure exemptions has been taken.

‘The Company's parent undertaking, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple, includes the Company in its consolidated financial statements, The
consolidated tnancial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc are available to the public and may be obtained trom 60 Gresham Street,
London, EC2V 7BB, or the website investors alphafime com
In these financial statements, the Company has applied the exemptions available under FRS 101 in respect of the Following disclosures:

* A cash flow statement and related notes;

© comparative period reconciliations for share capital, tangible fixed assets, intangible assets and investment properties;

* disclosures in respect of transactions with wholly owned subsidiaries;

* disclosures in respect of capital management,

* the effects of new but not yet effective IFRSs,

* disclosures in respect of the compensation of Key Management Personnel; and

* disclosures of transactions with a management entity that provides key management personnel services io the Company
As the consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc include the equivalent disclosures, the Company has also taken the
‘exemptions under ERS 101 available in respect of the following disclosures

+ IFRS 2 Share Based Payments in respect of group settled share based payments; and

*+ Certain disclosures required by IERS 16 Leases in relation to disclosure of the Company's leasing activities,

+ Cenain disclosures required by IFRS 3 Business Combinations in respect of business combinations undertaken by the Company.
The accounting policies set out below have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods presented in these financial statements,

There are no judgements made by the Directors, in the applicanon of these accounting policies that have significant effect on the financial statements
and estimates with a significant risk of material adjustment in the next year.

1 Basis of preparation

These financiai statements have been prepared under the historical cost basis, except for certain financial instruments that are measured at fair value

‘The presentational currency of these financial statements and the functional currency of the Company is pounds sterling. All amounts in these financial
statements have been rounded to the nearest £1,000.

12 Going concern

‘Notwithstanding nef current liabilities of £98,435,000 as at 31 March 2021 the financial statements have been prepared on a going concer basis which
the Directors consider to be appropriate for the following reasons,

‘The Directors have prepared cash flow forecasts for a period of at least 12 months {rom the date of approval of these financial statements which
indicate that, taking account of reasonably possible downsides, the Company will have sufficient funds, to meet its liabilities as they fall due for that
period.

‘Those forecasts are dependent on the Company's ultimate parent company, Alpha Financial Markers Consulting Plc not seeking repayment of the
amounts currently due to the other companies controlled by the group, which at 31 March 2021 amounted to £98.435,000, Alpha Financial Markets
Consulting Plc has indicated that it does not intend to seek repayment of these amounts for the period covered by the forecasts, The Company also has
access to additional funding through other Group entities, via the Group's revolving credit facility, which remains undrawn at the date of approval of
‘these financial statements, and the strength of the Group's cash position at 31 March 2021. As with any company placing reliance on other group
entities for financial support, the Directors acknowledge that there can be no certainty that this support will continue although, at the date of approval of
these financial statements, they have no reason to believe that t will not do so.

Consequently, the Directors are confident that the Company will have sufficient funds to continue to meet its liabilities as they fall due for at least 12
‘months from the date of approval of the financial statements and therefore have prepared the financial statements on a going concern basis

13 Foreign currency

‘Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the Company's functional currencies at the foreign exchange rate ruling at the date of the
transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the balance sheet date are retranslated (o the funetional currency at the
foreign exchange rate ruling at that date, Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cast in a foreign currency are
translated using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction, Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are stated at
fair value are retranslated to the functional currency at foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates the fair value was determined. Foreign exchange
differences arising on translation are recognised in the profit and loss.

14 Financial instruments

‘The Company uses financial instruments comprising intercompany receivables and payables arising from financing activities across the wider Alpha
Group. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to fund the Group's business strategy and working capital requirements.

Page 9


===== page 12 =====
Alpha FMC Mideo Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Notes (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)

ha Financial instruments (continued)
Accounting policies in respect of financiat instruments are outlined below.

Financial assets

Financial assets are initially measured at fair value plus or minus. in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction
costs, The Company has not reclassified any financial assets subsequent to initial recognition as at the balance sheet date. Reclassification of classes of
financial assets is accounted for prospectively in accordance with [FRS 9, where this is required. Any difference on reclassification from amortised cost
(o fair value through profit or loss is recognised in the profit and loss at the reclassification date.

Financial assets are assessed at each reporting date to determine a lifetime expected eredit loss that reflects the credit risk associated with the portfolio.
of assets. A financial asset is impaired in line with the simplified approach under IFRS 9 which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance.

‘An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured at amortised cost is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the present
value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the asset's original effective interest rate, For financial instruments measured at cast less
impairment, impairment is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the best estimate of the amount that the Company woutd
receive for the asset if it were to be sold at the reporting date. (nterest on the impairment asset continues fo be recognised through the unwinding of the
discount. Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. When a subsequent event causes the amount of the impairment to decrease. the decrease in
impairment loss is reversed through statemtent of comprehensive income.

Amounts owed by Group undertakangs

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less provision for impairment
A provision for impairment of intercompany receivables is established using an expected credit loss model, The Group classifies all intercompany
receivables that form a part of the normal trading oycle of the Group as current, as well as non-trading balances where the counterparty has sufTicient
resources to settle the balance within a twelve month period from the balance sheet date. Alt other amounts owed by Group undertakings are considered
as non-current assets

Other debtors

Other debtors are recognised initially at fair value. Subsequent to i
method.

I recognition they are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest

Financial tatbititie!
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities designated upon initial
recognition as at fair value through profit or loss. Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are acquired for the purpose of selling in
the near term, This eategory includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Company that are not designated as hedging instruments im
hedge relationships as defined by IFRS 9. As at 31 March 2021, the Company had no such financial liabilities.

Other financial liabilities held by the Group are recognised at amortised cost.

Amounts owed to Group undertakings

Amounts owed to Group undertakings are recognised initially at fait value and subsequently measured at amortised cost.

Investments in subssiiartes

Investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost less any provision for impairment. The Company monitor for indicators of impairment at each reporting
period, and a full impairment assessment is performed on an annual basis.

‘The Directors have deemed that no impairment was required in both the current and prior years

15 Impairment (non-financial assets)

The carrying amounts of the entity's non-financial assets, other than deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether there
is any indication of impairment If any such indication exists, then the assets" recoverable amount is estimated. The recoverable amount of an asset or
cash-generating unit ("CGU") is the greater of its value 1n use and its fair value, less costs to sell, In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash
flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the
risks specific to the asset.

For the purposes of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates
independent cash inflows (the “cash-generating unit”); that is, cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of
other assets or groups of assets.

An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable amount, Impairment losses are
‘recognised in profit or loss. Impairment losses are allocated berween the carrying amounts of assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro-rata basis as
a reduction m the value of the asset

An impairment loss is reversed if and only if the reasons for the impairment have ceased to apply

Impairment losses recognised in prior periods are assessed al each reporting date for any indication that the loss has decreased or no longer exists. An
impairment loss is only reversed to the extent that the asset's carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined,
net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

16 Provisions

A provision is recognised in the balance sheet when the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, that can be
reliably measured and itis probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required fo settle the obligation Provisions are determined by
discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects risks specific to the liability.

Page 10


===== page 13 =====
Alpha FMC Midco Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Notes (continued)
1 Accounting policics (continued)

“7? Taxation

‘Tax on the profit or loss for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the profit and loss account except to the extent that it
relates to items recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive income, in which case it is recognised directly in equity or ather comprehensive
income.

Current tax is the expected tax payable or recetvable on the taxable income or loss for the year. using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the
balance sheet date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years

Deferred tax 1s provided using the balance sheet liability method, providing for temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. The amount of deferred tax provided is based on the expected
manner of realisation or settlement of the carrying amount of assets and lrabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet
date

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that itis no longer probable that sufficient
taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered, Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally
enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities, and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority
and the Company intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

18 Dividends
Dividend income
Dividend income is recognised in the profit and loss account on the date the entity's right to receive the dividend is established.

Dividend expense
Dividend expenses are recognised in the statement of changes in equity on the date the entity's right to pay the dividend is established.

1g New accounting standards and interpretations
‘The following changes in accounting policies were applied by the Company in these financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2021. These
included the adoption of new standards and interpretations described below,
‘The Intemational Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) have issued the following standards and
interpretations which are now effective:

+ IFRS 9 Financial Instruments with IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts (Amendments to IFRS 47;

‘+ Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards;

* Definition of a Business (Amendments to IFRS 3),

* Definition of material (Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8); and

* Interest Rate Benchmark Reform (Amendments to IFRS 9, LAS 39 and IFRS 7}
The following amendments to existing standards have been issued and became effective in the year as a response to the COVID-19 pandemic:

* Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions (Amendment to IFRS 16), effective from 1 June 2020 and endorsed by the UK on 9 October 2026

‘The Directors reviewed the nature and effect of these new standards on the Company and noted no material impact on the financial statements for the
year ended 31 March 2021

The Directors have considered new standards and interpretations that have been issued but not yet been effective, however have applied the exemption
not to disclose this information under FRS 101

2 Auditor's remuneration
Auditor's remuneration:

FY21 FY 20
£000 £000
Audit of these financial statements 4 4

Amounts ceceivabie by the Company's auditor and its associates in respect of services to the Company and its associates, other than the audit of the
Company's financial statements, have not been disclosed as the information is required instead to be disclosed on a consolidated basis in the
consolidated financial statements of the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple.

3 Staff numbers and costs
The Company had no employees during the current or prior periods.

4 Directors’ remuneration

The Directors of the Company are paid out of other entities within the Group. The Directors believe that the value of their services in respect of the
Company, in both the current and prior periods, were negligible and therefore, have nol been disclosed.

5 Income from shares in Group undertakings
FY 21 FY 20

£000 £000

Dividend income 6,000 6,909

Page 11


===== page 14 =====
Notes (continued)

6

‘Taxation

Recognised in the profit and lass account

Current tax
Current tax on mcome for the period
Adjustments in respect of prior periods

Total cutrent tax

Deferred tax
Adjustments in respect of prior periods

Reconciliation of effective tax rate

Profit for the year
‘Total tax expense

Profit excluding taxation

Alpha FMC Midco Limited

‘Annual report and financial statements

Tax using the UK corporation tax rate of 19% (FY 20: 19%}

Non-taxable income.

‘Total tax expense

31 Mareh 2021

‘An increase in the UK Corporation tax rate fram 19% to 25% (effective 1 April 2023) was substantively enacted on 24 May 2021. This change will
Increase the Company’ future tax charge accordingly, but is expected to have an immaterial impact on the Company's future profits

7

Fixed asset investments

AU31 Mareh 2021 & 31 March 2020

Subsidiary undertakings

Alpha FMC Mideo 2 Limited
Alpha FMC Bideo Limited

Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
Alpha EMC Group Nominees Limited
Alpha FMC Group Limited

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Group Limited

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK

Limited
Alpha Technology Services Consulting,
Limited

Alpha Data Solutions Limited

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting, Ine

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
SAS.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Netherlands B.Y,

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting,
Switzerland .A.

‘Track Two GmbH

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting,
Singapore Pre. Lid.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting,
Hong Kong Limited

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting,
Australia PTY Limited

Axxsys Limited

Country of

Incorporation

UK
UK
UK
UK
UK

uk
UK

UK

UK
USA

France
Luxembourg,
Netherlands

Switzerland
Germany
Singapore

Hong Kong

Australia

uk

FY 2 FY 20

£000 £000 £000 £000
Fy2 FY 20

£000 £000

6.000 6,909

6.000 6,909

1,140 1313

1,140) (1313)

Shares in
Group undertakings
£000

1342
Classand Class and

Registered
address

a

10

Page 12

Principal activity

Intermediate holding company
Intermediate holding company
Intermediate holding company
Group services

Intermediate holding company

intermediate holding company
Consultancy services

Dormant

Consultancy services
Consultaney serviees

Consultancy services
Consultancy services

Consultancy services

Consultancy services
Consultancy services

Consultancy services
Consultancy services

Consultancy services

Consultancy services

percentage of percentage of
shares held- shares held -

31 March 2021 31 March 2020

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary 100% ordinary

100% ordinary 100% ordinary

100% ordinary 100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary

190% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary

100% ordinary 100% ordinary

100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary 100% ordinary

100% ordinary 100% ordinary

100% ordinary 100% ordinary


===== page 15 =====
‘Alpha EMC Midco Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Notes (continued)

7 Fixed asset investments (continued)
Class and Class and
percentage of percentage of
Country of Registered shares held~ shares held -
Subsidiary undertakings Incorporation address Principal activity 31 March 2021 31 March 2020
omee Franca Software Consulting Canada 11 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Axxsys Consulting USA Ine USA 12 Consultaney services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Axxsys Danmark ApS Denmark 13 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Obsidian Solutions Limited UK 1 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Technology Services Consulting France 3 Consultancy services 160% ordinary 100% ordinary
Obsidian Aipha Data Solutions LLC Serbia 14 Consuitancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha FM Consulting Canada Inc Canada 15 Consultancy services 100% ordinary NIA
Notes:
| 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB
2, 12 East 49th Street, New York, NY 10017, USA
3. 6 Square de L’‘Opera Louis Jouvet, 75609 Paris, France
4, 19/21 Route d'Aslon - bloc B, L-8009 Strassen, Luxembourg
5. Spaces Zuidas, Barbara Strozzilaan 101, 1083 HN, Amsterdam, The Netherlands
6 Bleicherweg 10, 8002 Zurich, Switzerland
7. Mergenthalerallce 73-75, 65760 Eschborn, Germany
8.6 Raffles Quay #16-01, Singapore 048586
9. 22/F, Neich Tower, 128 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong
10, 383-385 George Street, Sydney NSW 2000
11. New Broad Street House, 35 New Broad Street, London, EC2m INH.
12. Incorp Services, Inc., One Commerce Center, 1201 Orange Street #600, Wilmington, Delaware 19899
13. Flaesketorvet 68, DK-1711 Copenhagen, V Denmark
14. Belgrade, Serbia at Bulevar kralja Aleksandra no.52
15. Suite 1700, Park Plae, 666 Burrard Street, Vancouver, BC V6C2X8, Canada
Share capital Profit/(loss) for
and reserves the period
Subsidiary undertakings £7000 £000
Alpha FMC Midco 2 Limited 270 6,000
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited 682 $372
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited 29.425 6,000
Alpha FMC Group Nominees Limited - -
Alpha FMC Group Limited 2 6,000
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited 7.946 5.468
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited 18,488 10,445
Alpha Technology Services Consulting Limited - -
Alpha Data Solutions Limited (2,530) (1361)
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting, Inc. 1564 908
Alpha Financia] Markets Consulting 8.4.8. 8.862 1545
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting (Luxembourg) 8 A. 1.966 499
Alpha Financia Markets Consulting Netherlands BV. (839) (471)
Alpha Financia} Markets Consulting Switzesland S.A. (216) (162)
Track Two GmbH (444) (99)
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Singapore Pre. Ltd 1.283 235
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Hong Kong Limited &) 2
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Australia PTY Limited 340 309
Axxsys Limited 2,306 658
Axxsys Financial Software Consulting Canada Limited 240 Wl
‘Avxsys Consulting USA Inc - -
‘Axxsys Danmark ApS 2,234 1,260
Obsidian Solutions Limited 446 16
Alpha Technology Services Consuhing 8.4.5. a7 (5)
Obsidian Alpha Data Solutions LLC 32 33
Alpha FM Consulting Canada Inc, 247 243
8 Amounts owed by Group undertakings

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are interest free and are repayable on demand. The Company classifies all intercompany receivables that form a
part of the normal trading oycle of the Company as current, as well as non-trading balances where the counterparty has suflicient resources to settle the
balance within a twelve month period from the balance sheet date. All other amounts owed by Group undertakings are considered as non-current assels.
The Company recognised the total halance of £97,363,000 (FY 20: £91,363,000) within non-current assets.

Page 13


===== page 16 =====
Alpha FMC Midco Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Notes (continued)

9 Creditors: amounts falling due within one year
FY21 FY 20
£000 £000
Amounts owed 10 Group undertakings 98,435 92.435
98,435 92.435

Amounts owed to Group undertakings are either interest-bearing or non interest-bearing depending on the type of the creditor relationship and local
regulatory requirements. At the balance sheet date all of these balances are non interest-bearing. Ail amounts owed to Group undertakings are repayable
on demand.

The Group has no intention to request the repayment of amounts owed to other Group entities within the next twelve months,

10 Capital and reserves
Share capital
FY21 FY 20
£000 ‘£000
Allotted, calted up and fulty paid
20,000 ordinary shares of £1 20 20
20
‘Shares classified in shareholders’ funds. 20 20
20 20

‘The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the
Company.

Devidends

An interim dividand payment totalling £6,000,000 was made to the Company's sole shareholder, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple (FY 20,
£6,909, 000), to fébilitate the payment of the Group dividend made by the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plo, to its
shascholdcss This dividend was facilitated by the receipt in the year of « dividend totalling £6,000,000 ftom the Company's directly owned subsidiary.
Alpha FMC Midco 2 Limited. The Directors have not recommended the payment of a final dividend (FY 20: £nil)

uw Related parties
Identity of related parties with which the Company has transavted

‘The Company has not engaged in any transactions with any related parties other than with wholly owned subsidiaries. These transactions have not been
disclosed as the Company has taken advantage of exemptions under FRS 101

2 Ultimate parent company and parent company of larger Group

‘The Company is a subsidiary undertaking of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple, incorporated in England and Wales. The ultimate controlling
party 1s Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc.

Both the largest and smallest Group in which the resulis of the Company are consolidated is that headed by Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple,
incorporated in England and Wales. The consolidated financial statements of the Group are available to the public and may be obtained from 60
Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB, of the website investors.alphatme com.

Page 14
