

===== page 1 =====
Alpha FMC Midco Limited

Annual report and financial statements

Registered number 09928345
31 March 2022

*ABGEHXGX* .

A0Q 09/11/2022 #247
_ COMPANIES HOUSE

WEDNESDAY


===== page 2 =====
Alpha FMC Midco Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Contents

Company information

Strategic Report

Directors ‘report

Statement of Directors ' responsibilities in respect of the Directors ' report and the financial statements
Independent auditor's report to the members of Alpha FMC Midco Limited

Profit and loss account

Balance sheet

wea annane

Statement of changes in equity 10
Notes : . j u


===== page 3 =====
Company Information

Directors

Company number

Registered office

Auditor

Banker

ENB Fraser
JC Paton
GA Cook (Appointed 30 June 2022)

09928345

60 Gresham Street,
London,
EC2V 7BB

KPMG LLP

St Nicholas House,
31 Park Row,
Nottingham,

NGI 6FQ

Lloyds Bank Ple
10 Gresham Street,
London,

EC2V 7AE

Page 1

Alpha FMC Midco Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022


===== page 4 =====
Alpha FMC Midco Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Strategic report

Business review

‘The Company functions as an intermediate holding entity within the wider Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Pic group (the Group"). At31 March
2022 (FY 22%) the Company holds net assets of £270,000 (FY 21: £270,000). The Company has transferred a profit of £8,500,000 (FY 21: £6,000,000)
to retained earnings as a result of intercompany dividend income received from the Company's subsidiary, Alpha FMC Midco 2 Limited.

Key performance indicators
Working capital management and the sufficiency of assets held across the Group is the primary indicator which is reviewed on a weekly basis to
‘monitor cashflow, liquidity and the recovery of trade receivables.

Each month the Directors review the management accounts for each trading Group undertaking and compare actual performance against budget.
Costs, utilisation and fee rates are also reviewed to monitor profitability.

Principal risks and uncertainties

‘The performance of the Company's subsidiaries is subject to only limited risk in the short and medium term as the future pipeline of work is good.
‘The Company's subsidiaries continue to generate substantial cash after retaining a proportion of profits to fund increased working capital
requirements resulting from growth. Management is mindful of the challenging macro-economic environment, including inflation and the war in
‘Ukraine, and continues to operate conservative cash management policies. The Directors are pleased with performance for the year.

Future developments

‘The Company is expected to continue to operate as an intermediate holding company for the Group. No other future developments are foreseen by
the Directors at the balance sheet date,

Section 172 statement

Under Section 172(1) of the Companies Act 2006, « director of a company must act in the way he or she considers, in good faith, would be most likely to
promote the success of the Company for the benefit of its members as a whole, and in doing so have regard (amongst other matters) to:

* The likely consequence of any decision in the long term;
* The interests of the Company's employees;
+ The need to foster the Company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others;

+ The impact of the Company's operations on the community and the environment;

«The desirability of the Company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct; and

+ The need to act fairly as between members of the Company.

+ Group refers to the Company's parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plo and its subsidiaries.
2 FY 22s the financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2022, By comparison, FY 21 isthe previous financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2021.

Page 2


===== page 5 =====
Alpha FMC Midco Limited

Strategic report (continued)
Section 172 statement (continued)

‘The following disclosure describes how the Directors have had regard to the matters set out in Section 172(1)(a) to (f) and forms the Directors’ statement under
section 414CZA of the Companies Act 2006. The Company is a holding company and does not have any employees or clients itself, therefore the disclosure
below relates to the Company and its subsidiaries (as listed in note 7 to the financial statements)

‘The Directors remain committed to engaging with all stakcholders and considering their interests when making any strategic decisions.

Engagement with key stakeholders

‘The Board considers its key stakeholders to be its employees, its shareholders, its clients and the communities in which the Company and its subsidiaries
‘operates. The Board also recognises other stakcholder groups including vendors and suppliers, industry bodies and competitors with whom Alpha works or
associates in the marketplace. The Board understands that engaging with these stakeholders strengthens Alpha's business relationships and facilitates its
decision making at an executive level, which is very important for its long-term success.

Employees

Attracting, retaining and developing the very best people in the industry is integral to Alpha’s culture and ongoing success. Alpha is committed to providing a
highly rewarding place to work, and to maintaining a unique and inclusive culture that places people at the heart of the business. To achieve this, there is a
strong emphasis on interaction, open communication and the exchange of proactive insights from the employee base. Employee feedback has always been a
significant component of that picture. An inclusive environment for all employees is encouraged through the prevalence of the Diversity & Inclusion
programme, and employees are incentivised to engage further with the wider objectives of the business through a generous profit share scheme, and a share
incentive plan available to senior management.

Clients

Alpha’s successful business model is built upon keeping clients’ needs at the core of its proposition, which includes the its geographic network, the services it
offers and the types of projects that it delivers. Central to the growth strategy is continuous investment in people, locations and knowledge to help all clients
address their challenges and best capitalise on opportunities, Alpha works hard at developing and sustaining long-term client relationships.

Communities

Alpha is committed to building positive relationships with the communities and environment in which it operates. This includes supporting communities and
organisations local and relevant to its operations. It extends to considering how to maximise the benefits and minimise the downsides of its environmental and
social impacts.

Please refer to pp 32-34 of the Annual Report & Accounts 2022 of the parent company, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple, for further details on the above
key stakeholders, and the Group's approach to engagement with each class of stakeholder.

Key Director decisions during the year
‘The Directors consider the following to be key decisions and considerations they have made in the year to 31 March 2022.

For further information please refer to p.35 of the Annual Report & Accounts 2022 of the Company's parent (Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc).
Decision ‘onsiderations

lissued the FY 21 Annual Report and financial statements to |To ensure compliance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 and
shareholders. the relevant accounting framework.

[Fo facilitate the payment of Group dividends to the shareholders of tie

[The Board agreed the FY 22 interim dividend payable tothe Company's ee ene on een na vets Consulting Pl

parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple.

By order of the Board.

John C Paton
Director

12 October 2022

Page 3


===== page 6 =====
Alpha FMC Midco Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Directors’ report

‘The Directors present their report and the audited financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022 (FY 22).

Principal activities
The principal activity of the Company is that of a holding company.

Results and dividend

‘The results for the year are set out in the profit and loss account.

A dividend payment totalling £8,500,000 was made to the Company's sole shareholder, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple (FY 21: £6,000,000),
to facilitate the payment of Group dividends made by the Company's parent to its shareholders. This dividend was facilitated by the receipt in the year of
a dividend totalling £8,500,000 from the Company's directly owned subsidiary, Alpha FMC Midco 2 Limited, The Directors have not recommended
the payment of a final dividend (FY 21: £nil). For further information on the likely future developments of the business, please refer to the strategic
report.

Directors

‘The Directors who held office during the year were as follows:

ENB Fraser
JC Paton
GA Cook (appointed 30 June 2022)

Political contributions

‘The Company made no political donations or incurred any political expenditure during the year.

Employee involvement

Details of how the Company and its subsidiaries engage with employees are set out in the Section 172 statement the Strategic Report on p. 3.

It is the Alpha's policy to give full and fair consideration to all applications for employment including from disabled people, having regard to their abilities and
aptitudes. Full consideration is given to continuing the employment of staff who become disabled, including considering them for other reasonable positions and
arranging appropriate training where required. Alpha aims to provide an inclusive enviroament for all employees, regardless of sex, marital status, race,
nationality, age, sexual orientation or religion.

Engagement with suppliers and customers

‘The Directors note the importance of fostering strong relationships with customers and suppliers through open communication and having regard for these
relationships in strategic decisions made relating to the Company and its subsidiaries.

Environmental reporting

In accordance with the Companies Act 2006 and HM Government's ‘Environmental Reporting Guidelines’, the Company has not re-disclosed those disclosures
roquired by the Company's environmental reporting responsibilities (including Streamlined Energy and Carbon reporting) on the basis that this information is
available on our website in the Group's Annual Report & Accounts 2022 on pp.76-80.

Disclosure of information to auditor

‘The Directors who held office at the date of approval of this Directors’ report confirm that, so far as they are each aware, there is no relevant au.
information of which the Company's auditor is unaware; and each Director has taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as a Director to make
themselves aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the Company's auditor is aware of that information.

Auditor
Pursuant to Section 487 of the Companies Act 2006, the auditor will be deemed to be reappointed and KPMG LLP will therefore continue in office.

By order of the Board.

“

John C Paton
Director

60 Gresham Street
London EC2V 7BB

12 October 2022

Page 4


===== page 7 =====
Alpha FMC Midco Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the Directors’ report and the financial
statements

The directors are responsible for preparing the Strategic Report, the Directors’ Report and the financial statements in accordance with applicable law and

regulations.

‘Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law they have elected to prepare the financial statements
in accordance with UK accounting standards and applicable law (UK Generally Accepted Accounting Practice), including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure

Framework.

Under company law the directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs
of the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for that period. In preparing these financial statements, the directors are required to:

select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;
‘make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

state whether applicable UK accounting standards have been followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in the
financial statements;

assess the Company's ability to continue as a going concem, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concer; and

use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic
ternative but to do so.

‘The directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the Company’ transactions and disclose
with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the
‘Companies Act 2006. They are responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements

that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have general responsi

ty for taking such steps as are reasonably open

to them to safeguard the assets of the Company and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.

Page 5


===== page 8 =====
Alpha FMC Midco Limited
Annual report and financial statements
‘31 March 2022

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha FMC Midco Limited

Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of Alpha FMC Midco Limited (“the Company”) for the year ended 31 March 2022 which comprise the balance
sheet, profit and loss account, statement of changes in equity and related notes, including the accounting policies in note 1.
In our opinion the financial statements:

© givea true and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs as at 31 March 2022 and of its profit for the year then ended;

‘* have been properly prepared in accordance with UK accounting standards, including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework; and

‘© have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)") and applicable law. Our responsibilities arc described below.
We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and are independent of the Company in accordance with, UK ethical requirements including the FRC Ethical
Standard. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis for our opinion.

Going concern

‘The directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concern basis as they do not intend to liquidate the Company or to cease its operations, and as they
have concluded that the Company’s financial position means that this is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no material uncertainties that could have cast
significant doubt over its ability to continue as a going concem for at Icast a year from the date of approval of the financial statements (“the going concem period”).

In our evaluation of the directors’ conclusions, we considered the inherent risks to the Company's business model and analysed how those risks might affect the
‘Company's financial resources or ability to continue operations over the going concer period.

‘Our conclusions based on this work:
* we consider that the directors” use of the going concem basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is appropriate;

* we have not identified, and concur with the directors’ assessment that there is not, a material uncertainty related to events or conditions thet, individually or
collectively, may cast significant doubt on the Company's ability to continue as a going concern for the going concem period.

However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in outcomes that are inconsistent with judgements that were
reasonable at the time they were made, the above conclusions are not a guarantee that the Company will continue in operation.

Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations — ability to detect
Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to fraud

To identify risks of material misstatement duc to fraud (“fraud risks") we assessed events or conditions that could indicate an incentive or pressure to commit fraud or
provide an opportunity to commit fraud. Our risk assessment procedures included:

+ Enquiring of directors as to the Company's high-level policies and procedures to prevent and detect fraud, as well as whether they have knowledge of any
actual, suspected or alleged fraud.

+ Reading Board minutes.
* Considering remuneration incentive schemes and performance targets for management and Directors.
‘+ Using analytical procedures to identify any unusual or unexpected relationships,
‘We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit team and remained alert to any indications of fraud throughout the audit.

‘As required by auditing standards, we perform procedures to address the risk of management override of controls, in particular the risk that management may be in
2 position to make inappropriate accounting entries. On this audit we do not believe there is a fraud risk related to revenue recognition because there are no revenue
transactions. We did not identify any additional fraud risks,

We performed procedures including:

+ Identifying journal entries to test based on risk criteria and comparing the identified entries to supporting documentation. These included unusual pairings with
a credit or debit to an account below EBITDA and unusual journals with a credit or debit entry to cash;

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to non-compliance with laws and regulations

We identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the financial statements from our general commercial and
sector experience, and through discussion with the directors and other management (as required by auditing standards), and discussed with the directors and other
‘management the policies and procedures regarding compliance with laws and regulations.

‘We communicated identified laws and regulations throughout our team and remained alert to any indications of non-compliance throughout the audit.
‘The potential effect of these laws and regulations on the financial statements varies considerably.

Firstly, the Company is subject to laws and regulations that directly affect the financial statements including financial reporting legislation (including related companies
legislation), distributable profits legislation and taxation legislation, and we assessed the extent of compliance with these laws and regulations as part of our procedures
‘on the related financial statement items.

‘Secondly, the Company is subject to many other laws and regulations where the consequences of non-compliance could have a material effect on amounts or disclosures
in the financial statements, for instance through the imposition of fines or litigation, We identified the following areas as those most likely to have such an effect: anti-
bribery and employment law recognising the financial nature of the Company's activities. Auditing standards limit the required audit procedures to identify non-
‘compliance with these laws and regulations to enquiry of the directors and other management and inspection of regulatory and legal correspondence, if any. Therefore
iffa breach of operational regulations is not disclosed to us or evident from relevant correspondence, an audit will not detect that breach.

Contest of the ability of the audit to detect fraud or breaches of law or regulation

(Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an unavoidable risk that we may not have detected some material misstatements in the financial statements, even
though we have properly planned and performed our audit in accordance with auditing standards. For example, the further removed non-compliance with laws and
regulations is from the events and transactions reflected in the financial statements, the less likely the inherently limited procedures required by auditing standards
would identify it.

Page 6


===== page 9 =====
Annual reportand financial statements
31 March 2022

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha FMC Midco Limited (Continued)

In addition, as with any audit, there remained a higher risk of non-detection of fraud, as these may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations,
or the override of internal controls. Our audit procedures are designed to detect material misstatement. We are not responsible for preventing non-compliance or fraud
and cannot be expected to detect non-compliance with all laws and regulations

Strate;

report and directors’ report

The directors are responsible for the strategic report and the directors’ report. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover those reports and we do not
express an audit opinion thereon,

Our responsibility is to read the strategic report and the directors’ report and, in doing so, consider whether, based on our financial statements audit work, the
information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with the financial statements or our audit knowledge. Based solely on that work:

© we have not identified material misstatements in the strategic report and the directors" report;
‘* in our opinion the information given in those reports for the financial year is consistent with the financial statements; and

‘* in our opinion those reports have been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006,

Matters on which we are required to report by exception
Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:

‘© adequate accounting records have not been kept, or retums adequate for our audit have not been received from branches not visited by us; or
. the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and retums; or

. certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or

. we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit

‘We have nothing to report in these respects.

Directors’ responsibilities

As explained more fully in their statement set out on page 5, the directors are responsible for: the preparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied that
they give a true and fair view; such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material
misstatement, whether duc to fraud or error; assessing the Company's ability to continue as a going concem, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concem;
and using the going concem basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error,
and to issue our opinion in an auditor's report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but does not guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
ISAs (UK) will always detect « material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial statements,

A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC’s website at www. frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities.

The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities

This report is made solely to the Company’s members, as a body, in eccordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been
‘undertaken so that we might state to the Company's members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no other purpose. To the
fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the Company's members, as a body, for our audit
‘work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Craig Parkin (Senior Statutory Auditor)
for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
Chartered Accountants

St Nicholas House,

31 Park Row

‘Nottingham NG1 6FQ

13 October 2022

Page 7


===== page 10 =====
Alpha FMC Midco Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
Profit & loss account
for the year ended 31 March 2022
Year ended Year ended
Note 31 March 2022 31 March 2021
£000 £000
Administrative expenses - -
Operating profit - -
Income from shares in Group undertakings 5 8,500 6,000
Profit before taxation 8,500 6,000
‘Taxation 6 - -
8,500 6,000

Profit for the financial year

{In both the current and preceding year, the Company made no acquisitions and had no discontinued operations.
There were no recognised gains or losses in cither the current or preceding year other than those disclosed in the profit and loss account, and therefore no separate
statement of other comprehensive income has been presented.

‘The accompanying notes form part ofthese financial statements.

Page 8


===== page 11 =====
Balance sheet
As at 31 March 2022

Non-current assets
Investments
Amounts owed by Group undertakings

Current liabilities

Creditors: amounts falling due within one year

‘Net current liabilities

Net assets

Capital and reserves
Called up share capital
Profit and loss account

Shareholders’ funds

As at
Note 31 March 2022
£000 £000
7 1,342
8 105,863
107,205

9 (106,935)
(106,935)
270
10 20
250
270

Alpha FMC Midco Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Asat
31 March 2021
£000 - £000

1,342
97,363

98,705
(98,435)

(98,435)

270

20

250

270

‘The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements. These financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on

12 October 2022. They were signed on its behalf by:

cfu

John C Paton
Director

Company registered number: 09928345

Page 9


===== page 12 =====
Statement of changes in equity

Asat I April 2020

Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit for the period

Transactions with owners
Dividends

Asat 31 March 2021

Total comprehensive incvme for the period
Profit for the period

‘Transactions with owners
Dividends

‘As at 31 March 2022

‘The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.

Page 10

Alpha FMC Midco Limited

Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
Called up Total
share Profit and shareholders"
capital loss account funds
£000 £000 £000
20 250 270
- 6,000 6,000
- (6,000) (6,000)
20 250 270
- 8,500 8,500
- (8,500) (8,500)"
20 250 270



===== page 13 =====
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022
Notes
(forming part of the financial statements)

1 Accounting policies

Alpha FMC Midco Limited (the “ Company”) is a Company limited by shares, domiciled and registered in the UK. The registered number is 09928345
and the registered address is 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB,

‘These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework (“FRS 101”).

‘The Company is exempt by virtue of Section 400 of the Companies Act 2006 from the requirement to prepare Group financial statements. These
financial statements present information about the Company as an individual and not about its Group.

In preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement and disclosure requirements of International Financial
Reporting Standards (“Adopted IFRSs"), but makes amendments where necessary in order to comply with Companies Act 2006 and has set out below
where advantage of the FRS 101 disclosure exemptions has been taken,

‘The Company's parent undertaking, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, includes the Company in its consolidated financial statements. The
consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc are available to the public and may be obtained from 60 Gresham Street,
London, EC2V 7BB, or the website investors.alphafme.com.

In these financial statements, the Company has applied the exemptions available under FRS 101 in respect of the following disclosu

* Accash flow statement and related not

* comparative period reconciliations for share capital, tangible fixed assets, intangible assets and investment properties;

* disclosures in respect of transactions with wholly owned subsidiaries;

* disclosures in respect of capital management;

* the effects of new but not yet effective IFRSs;

+ disclosures in respect of the compensation of Key Management Personnel; and

isclosures of transactions with a management entity that provides key management personnel services to the Company.

‘As the consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc include the equivalent disclosures, the Company has also taken the
exemptions under FRS 101 available in respect of the following disclosures:

+ IFRS 2 Share-based Payment in respect of group settled share-based payments;
+ Certain disclosures required by IFRS 16 Leases in relation to disclosure of the Company's leasing activities; and
* Certain disclosures required by IFRS 3 Business Combinations in respect of business combinations undertaken by the Company.

“The accounting policies set out below have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods presented in these financial statements.

‘There are no judgements made by the Directors, in the application of these accounting policies that have significant effect on the financial statements,
and estimates with a significant risk of material adjustment in the next year.

LL Basis of preparation

‘These financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost basis, except for certain financial instruments that are measured at fair value
‘The presentational currency of these financial statements and the functional currency of the Company is pounds sterling. All amounts in these financial
statements have been rounded to the nearest £1,000 unless otherwise stated.

42 Going concern

In assessing the Company's ability to continue on a going concem basis for a period of at least 12 months from the approval of these financial statements (the
“going concer period”), the Directors considered the Company's projected cash flows, access to intercompany funding from other Group entities, cash liquidity
‘and existing undrawn borrowing facilities.

‘Notwithstanding net current liabilities of £106,935,000 as at 31 March 2022, the financial statements of this holding company have been prepared on a going
‘concem basis. The Directors consider this to be appropriate on the basis of cash flow forecasts prepared for the wider Group, which support the ability of the
‘Company to operate as a going concem. The Group prepared cash flow forecasts covering the going concem period. The Directors of the Group considered the
principal risks and mitigants and analysed a range of cash flow downside scenarios including a “reverse-stress test” scenario. This models the decline in sales
that the Group would be able to absorb over the going concem period before utilising all of the existing cash reserves available. The Directors consider this
scenario and the sequence of events that could lead to it to be remote, as it requires annualised revenue reductions of close to 40% compared to the base case,
before modelling any mitigating actions, including cost reductions. Refer to p 136 of the Group's ‘Annual Report & Accounts 2022' for further detail of these
forecasts.

The ability of the Company to settle its liabilities as they fall due within the going concem period is dependent on the Company’s ultimate parent company,
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple not seeking repayment of the amounts currently due to other companies controlled by the Group, which at 31 March
2022 amounted to £106,935,000. The Co ‘has access to edditional funding through other Group entities, via the Group's revolving credit facility and
the strength of the Group's cash position at 31 March 2022. The Group's RCF remains fully undrawn in the going concem scenarios. As with any company
placing reliance on other group entities for financial support, the Directors acknowledge that there can be no certainty that this support will continue although, at
the date of approval ofthese financial statements, they have no reason to believe that it will not do so.

After careful consideration, the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company’s existing resources, supplemented by the support ofthe wider Group,
are adequate to meet its requirements over the going concem period. On this basis, the Directors consider that itis appropriate to adopt the going concem basis
in preparing the financial statements.

13 Foreign currency

‘Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the Company's functional currencies at the foreign exchange rate ruling at the date of the transaction,
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the balance sheet date are retranslated to the functional currency at the foreign
exchange rate ruling at that date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated
using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Non-monetary assets and lisbilities denominated in foreign currencies that are stated at fair value
are retranslated to the functional currency at foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates the fair value was determined. Foreign exchange differences
arising on translation are recognised in the profit and loss.

Page 11


===== page 14 =====
Alpha FMC Midco Limited
Annual report and financial statements,

31 March 2022
Notes (continued)
14 Financial instruments
‘The Company uses financial instruments comprising intercompany receivables and payables arising from financing activities across the wider Alpha

Group. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to fund the Group’s business strategy and working capital requirements.

Accounting policies in respect of financial instruments are outlined below.

Financial assets

Financial assets are initially measured at fair value plus or minus, in the casc of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs.
‘The Company has not reclassified any financial assets subsequent to initial recognition as atthe balance sheet date, Reclassification of classes of ‘financial

assets is accounted for prospectively in accordance with IFRS 9, where this is required. Any difference on reclassification from amortised cost to fair value
through profit or loss is recognised in the profit and loss at the reclassification date.

Financial assets are assessed at each reporting date to determine a lifetime expected credit loss that reflects the credit risk associated with the portfolio
of assets. A financial asset is impaired in line with the simplified approach under IFRS 9 which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance.

An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured at amortised cost is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the present
value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the asset's original effective interest rate. For financial instruments measured at cost less
impairment, impairment is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the best estimate of the amount that the Company would receive
for the asset if it were to be sold at the reporting date. Interest on the impairment asset continues to be recognised through the unwinding of the
discount. Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. When a subsequent event causes the amount of the impairment to decrease, the decrease
in impairment loss is reversed through statement of comprehensive income.

‘Amounts owed by Group undertakings

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less provision for impairment.
A provision for impairment of intercompany receivables is established using an expected credit loss model. The Group classifies all intercompany
receivables that form a part of the normal trading cycle of the Group as current, as well as non-trading balances where the counterparty has sufficient
resources to settle the balance within a twelve month period from the balance sheet date. All other amounts owed by Group undertakings arc considered
as non-current assets,

Other debtors

Other debtors are recognised initially at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition they are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
method.

Financial liabilities

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial licbilities designated upon initial
recognition as at fair value through profit or loss. Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are acquired for the purpose of selling in
the near term. This category includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Company that are not designated as hedging instruments in
hedge relationships as defined by IFRS 9. As at 31 March 2022, the Company had no such financial liabilities.

Other financial liabilities held by the Group are recognised at amortised cost.

Amounts owed to Group undertakings

‘Amounts owed to Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost.

Investments in subsidiaries
Investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost less any provision for impairment. The Company monitor for indicators of impairment at each reporting
period.

‘The Directors have deemed that no impairment was required in both the current and prior years.

Ls Impairment (non-financial assets)

‘The carrying amounts of the entity’s non-financial assets, other than deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether there
is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the assets’ recoverable amount is estimated. The recoverable amount of an asset or
‘cash-generating unit ("CGU") is the greater of its value in use and its fair value, less costs to sell. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash
flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks
specific to the asset.

For the purposes of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates
independent cash inflows (the “cash-gencrating unit”); that is, cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other
assets or groups of assets.

‘An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable amount. Impairment losses are
recognised in profit or loss. Impairment losses are allocated between the carrying amounts of assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro-rata basis as

‘a reduction in the value of the asset.

‘An impairment loss is reversed if and only ifthe reasons for the impairment have ceased to apply.

Impairment losses recognised in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indication that the loss has decreased or no longer exists. An
impairment loss is only reversed to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined,
net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

16 Taxation

‘Tax on the profit or loss for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the profit and loss account except to the extent that it
relates to items recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive income, in which case it is recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive
income.

Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the
balance sheet date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

Page 12


===== page 15 =====
Alpha FMC Midco Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022
Notes (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)
16 Taxation (continued)

Deferred tax is provided using the balance sheet liability method, providing for temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. The amount of deferred tax provided is based on the expected
manner of realisation or settlement of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet
date,

‘The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient
taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally
enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities, and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority
and the Company intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

17 Dividends
Dividend income
Dividend income is recognised in the profit and loss account on the date the entity's right to receive the dividend is established.
Dividend expense
Dividend expenses are recognised in the statement of changes in equity on the date the entity's right to pay the dividend is established.

18 ‘New accounting standards and interpretations
The following changes in accounting policies were applied by the Company in these financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022. These
included the adoption of new standards and interpretations described below.

The Intemational Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) have issued the following standards and
interpretations which are now effective:

‘* Interest Rate Benchmark Reform ~ Phase 2 - (Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16), effective from | January 2021;
© COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021 (Amendment to IFRS 16), effective from ! January 2021;

‘The Directors reviewed the nature and effect of these new standards on the Company and noted no materi I statements for the year ended
31 March 2022.
‘The Directors have considered new standards and interpretations that have been issued but not yet been effective, however have applied the exemption not to disclose

this information under FRS 101.

impact on the finan:

2 Auditor's remuneration
FY22 FY21
£000 £000
Audit of these financial statements. 4 4

Amounts receivable by the Company's auditor and its associates in respect of services to the Company and its associates, other than the audit of the
‘Company's financial statements, have not been disclosed as the information is required instead to be disclosed on a consolidated basis in the
consolidated financial statements of the Company's parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc.

3 Staff numbers and costs
The Company had no employees during the current or prior periods.
4 Directors’ remuneration

‘The Directors of the Company are paid out of other entities within the Group. The Directors believe that the value of their services, in both the current and prior
periods, were negligible and therefore, have not been disclosed. .

5 Income from shares in Group undertakings
FY 22 FY 21

£000 £000

Dividend income 8,500 6,000

Page 13


===== page 16 =====
Notes (continued)

Taxation

Recognised in the profit and loss account

Current tax
Current tax on income for the period
‘Adjustments in respect of prior periods

Total current tax

Deferred tax
Adjustments in respect of prior periods

tion of effective tax rate

Profit for the year
Total tax expense

Profit excluding taxation

Tax using the UK corporation tax rate of 19% (FY 21: 19%)

Non-taxable income

Total tax expense

‘An increase in the UK corporation tax rate from 19% to 25% (effective 1 April 2023) was substantively enacted on 24 May 2021. An i
is change will have an immaterial impact on the Company's future current tax charge.

Alpha FMC Midco Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements,

31 March 2022
FY22 FY21
£000 £000 £000 £000
FY 22 FY21
£000 £000
8,500 6,000
8,500 6,000
1,615 1,140
1,615) (1,140)

On 23 September 2022, the UK Government announced revised plans to hold the rate of UK corporation tax at 19%, cancelling the previous plans to increase the
rate to 25% from 1 April 2023. This revised plan has not yet becn substantively enacted and has no impact on the current or deferred tax charge in the year ended


===== page 17 =====
Notes (continued)

7

Fixed asset investments

At 31 March 2022 é& 31 March 2021

Subsidiary undertakings

Alpha FMC Mico 2 Limited

Alpha FMC Bidco Limited

‘Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
Alpha FMC Group Nominees Limited
Alpha FMC Group Limited

‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Group Limited

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK
Alpha Technology Services Consulting
Limited

Alpha Data Solutions Limited"

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting, Inc.
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting

SAS.

‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
asurance) S.A.S.

‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
(Luxembourg) S.A.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Netherlands B.V.

‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Switzerland S.A.

Track Two GmbH

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting,
Singapore Pte. Ltd.

‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting,
Hong Kong Limited

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Australia PTY Limited

Avasys Limited

Avcosys Financial Software Consulting
Canada Limited

‘Avasys Consulting USA Inc

‘Avasys Danmark ApS

Obsidian Solutions Limited

Alpha Technology Services Consulting
SAS.

‘Obsidian Alpha Data Solutions LLC

‘Alpha FM Consulting Canada Inc.
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Lionpoint Holdings, Inc.

Lionpoint Group, LLC.

Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Lionpoint Group SA.

Lionpoint Group Pty Limited
Lionpoint GmbH

Country of

Incorporation

GREK RERES

Luxembourg
Netherlands
‘Switzerland
Germany
Singapore
Hong Kong
Australia
UK
Canada

USA

Denmark
UK

France

Serbia

Canada
France

USA

USA
UK
‘Switzerland
Australia
Germany

1 Alpha Dita Solutions Limit change to Aviq Limited efer31 Merch 2022.

Registered
address
1

1
1
1
1

19
20
2

Page 15

Principal activity
Intermediate holding company
Intermediate holding company
Intermediate holding company
Group services

Intermediate holding company

Intermediate holding company
Consultancy services
Dormant

Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consuttancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services

Consultancy services
Consubancy services

Consultancy services

Consultancy services
Consultancy services,
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consuhancy services
Consultancy services

Consultancy services
Consultancy services

Alpha FMC Midco Limited

‘Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
Shares in
Group undertakings
£000

1,342

Class and Class and
percentage of percentage of
shares held - shares held -
31 March 2022 31 March 2021
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary NA
100% ordinary NIA
100% ordinary NA
100% ordinary NIA
100% ordinary NIA
100% ordinary N/A
100% ordinary N/A

Consultancy services


===== page 18 =====
Alpha FMC Midco Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements

Notes (continued)
7 Fixed asset investments (continued)
Notes:

1. 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB

2. 12 East 49th Street, New York, NY 10017, United States of America

3. 6 Square de L'Opera Louis Jouvet, 75009 Paris, France

4, 19/21 Route d’Arion - bloc B, L-8009 Strassen, Luxembourg

5. Spaces Zuidas, Barbara Strozzilaan 101, 1083 HN, Amsterdam, The Netherlands
6. Bleicherweg 10, 8002 Zurich, Switzerland

7. Kurt- Blaum- Platz 8 63450 Hanau, Germany

8. 3A Conway Circle, Singapore 558288

9, 22/F., Neich Tower, 128 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong

10, 383-385 George Street, Sydney NSW 2000, Australia

11. New Broad Street House, 35 New Broad Street, London, EC2M INH
12, 1800-13401 108th Aveue, Surrey, British Columbia V3T 5T3, Canada

31 March 2022

13, Incorp Services, Inc., One Commerce Center, 1201 Orange Street #600, Wilmington, Delaware 19899, United States of America

14, Flacsketorvet 68, DK-1711 Copenhagen, V Denmark

15, Belgrade, Serbia at Bulevar kralja Aleksandra no.52

16. Suite 1700, Park Plae, 666 Burrard Street, Vancouver, BC V6C2X8, Canada
17. 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, DE 19808-1674, United States of America
18. 8 The Green, Suite A, Dover, Delaware 19901, United States of America

19. 5 Upper St. Martin's Lane, London WC2H 9EA.

20, Rue d'talie 11, 1204 Geneva, Switzerland

21. Ground Floor, 123 Walker Street, North Sydney NSW 2060, Australia

22, clo KUNZ Rechisanwalte, AntoniterstraRe 14-16, Kéln, 50667, Germany

8 Amounts owed by Group undertakings

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are interest free and are repayable on demand. The Company classifies all intercompany receivables that form a
part of the normal trading cycle of the Company as current, as well as non-trading balances where the counterparty has sufficient resources to settle the
balance within a twelve month period from the balance shect date. All other amounts owed by Group undertakings are considered as non-current assets.

‘The Company has presented the total balance of £105,863,000 (FY 21: £97,363,000) within non-current assets.

9 Creditors: amounts falling due within one year
FY 22 FY 21
£000 £000
Amounts owed to Group undertakings 106,935 98,435
106,935 98,435

Amounts owed to Group undertakings are either interest-bearing or non interest-bearing depending on the type of the creditor relationship and local
regulatory requirements. At the balance sheet date all of these balances are non interest-bearing, All amounts owed to Group undertakings are repayable

on demand.

Its the understanding of the Directors that the other Group entities have no intention to request the repayment of amounts owed wit
‘months.

in the next twelve

10 Capital and reserves
Share capital
FY22 FY21
£000 £000
Allotted, called up and fully paid
20,000 ordinary shares of £1 20 20
20 20

‘The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the

Company.
Dividends

{A dividend payment totalling £8,500,000 was made to the Company's sole shareholder, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple (FY 21: £6,000,000), to

facilitate the payment of Group dividends made by the Company's parent to its sharcholders. This dividend was fa

litated by the receipt in the year of a

dividend totalling £8,500,000 from the Company's directly owned subsidiary, Alpha FMC Midco 2 Limited. The Directors have not recommended the

payment of a final dividend (FY 21: £nil).

Page 16


===== page 19 =====
EE

Notes (continued)
W Related parties
Identity of related parties with which the Company has transacted

‘The Company has not engaged in any transactions with any related parties other than with wholly owned subsidiaries. These transactions have not been disclosed
‘as the Company has taken advantage of exemptions under FRS 101.

2 Ultimate parent company
‘The Company is a subsidiary undertaking of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, incorporated in England and Wales. The ultimate controlling party
is Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc.

Both the largest and smallest Group in which the results of the Company are consolidated is that headed by Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc,
incorporated in England and Wales. The consolidated financial statements of the Group are available to the public and may be obtained from 60 Gresham
Street, London, EC2V 7BB, or the website investors.alphafme.com.

Page 17
