

===== page 1 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc

Annual report and financial statements
Registered number 09965297
31 March 2024

CM

Al7 14/08/2024 #37
COMPANIES HOUSE

WEDNESDAY


===== page 2 =====
. The power
* of our people

al

Annual Report & Accounts 2024


===== page 3 =====
Welcome to Alpha’s 2024
Annual Report and Accounts

Headquartered in the UK and quoted on the Alternative Investment
Market of the London Stock Exchange, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting!
is a leading global consultancy to the financial services industry.

Alpha combines highly specialist, sector-focused management consulting and
technology expertise to support the client transformation lifecycle. It has 1.000
consultants globally, operating from 17 client-facing offices’ spanning the UK,
North America, Europe and APAC.

For more information, see the website: alphafme.com/investors

Contents

Introduction

Corporate Goye

Financial Statements

Weicome

64

Chairman's introduction

1 Highlights

te Repert

Ata glance

‘Our global story

Buitding on cur success

Investment case

Chairman's report

Chief Executive Officer's report

Business modet

Market overview

Strategy

Key performance indicators

6 Chief Financial Officer's report

Section 172 statement

Looking after our People

Sustainable business

Jask Force on Climate-Related
Financial Disclosures

Risk management

Principal risks anc uncertaintes

Non-linancial information
and sustainability statement

® Visit us online to see Alpha's Sustainability Report

66

Board of Directors

68

Corporate Governance Code

70

Corporate governance report

76

Nomination Committee report

78

ESG Committee report

108 Consolidated statement of
comprehensive income

109 Consolidated statement
of financial pesition

110 Consolidated statement ot cash flows

411 Consolidated statement af changes:
in equity

80

Audit and Risk Committee report

84

Remuneration Committee report

112 Notes to the consolidated
financial statements

95

Directors’ report

98

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities

99

ais Hoss crt ait

Independent auditor's report

145 Company statement of
‘inancial position

148 Company statement of changes
in equity

147 Notes to the Company
financial statements

SASE Disctosure

154 SASB disclosure

Company Inform

158 Directors and advisers



===== page 4 =====
Hightights

Financial highlights®

£235.5m

Resilient trading performance in a more competitive
market environment; maintaining consistent

consultant day rates overall, alveit at lower average:
Utilisation, particularly over the Q2 summer months

£42.2m

Agjusted EBITDA reflects gross profit
and appropriately managed costs

Operational highlights

1,000

Alpha continues to attract the highest calibre
consuitants globally and has invested selectively
for future growth

New client retationships

146

Reflects robust demand, spanning alt
the Group's global businesses

Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Gross profit

£78.3m

Gross profit reflects lower average consultant utilisation
and selective investment in Aipha’s growing teams,
while actively managing variable costs

Healthy net cash position and undrawn
£50.0m revolving credit facility provides
further funding floxitslity

Directors®

16

Continued growth af the global director team, adding
further senior talent and expertise to the Group

Acquisitions

1

Bolt-on acquisition of Shoreline”
consolidates Aipha's APAC presence

uoponpayuy

2 Allfnancial and operatieg hignighitsrolarg “o tne sear endes 31 March 20¢¢ “FY 26"; and the comparative yeur is te 31 Maren 2023 PY 20°; unless ctrer vase shea ted, Allrounaing and
Dercentaye change caiculer.ons are ‘Tam ine hasis 3 the tnancial siateiner's 4 €°00s

2 The Group uses alternaine pertormance messtures APM") 0 prawde stakeholders further mevies (9 a0 understanding of the urdetiyng trading partormarce 2! ine Grown These
measures exclude cortar costs miclud 3 acquistion ard megration sis, sarn-cut and dsfernsd corsderalion Casts, rasiruciurhg Dosis and share bus Payient charges. Peter 19
‘she Chie! nancial Gitcers Runcrt and note 4 far ‘urrher deta

5 “Consultants" ang "readcount rater “0 fee-earning consultants st tne yaar ea. omolayed cons.itants olus ut ised contractors. client-tazng roias|

© *Dineters' rotors ta foe- generating divoctars a the year end All Aractor mursases 29 presentec ag et Albna is progresawely updating Ine Siruclor itl to Barkha in some teares to
etter algn zo thes voles 1 the consulting rrerkats

7 Shore) ne" relers te Shareine Cons shing Pry Ltd. Shoreline Consouaated Poy Lig and subsidiaries ecaured by Alpha on + May 2023.

alphatme.com


===== page 5 =====
2 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

, atphatme.cor


===== page 6 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 3

Strategic
Report

4 Bagence

5 Ourglobal story

6 Building on our success

8 Investment case

Chairman's report

12 Chief Executive Officer's report

16 Business model

18 Market overview

36 Looking after our people

40 Sustainable business

48 Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures

52. Risk management ~

57 Principal risks and uncertainties

61 Non-financial information and sustainability statement

ry 5 Alpna is head and shoulders
above the competition when
it comes to knowledge of the
asset management space.”

Director,
Global asset manager

alphafme.com

®
a
5
a
3
2
3
3
3
ES



===== page 7 =====
Annuat Report & Accounts 2024

gis Report
At a glance

Why we do what we do

Our vision

To be the best consulting firm in
all the sectors in which we operate.

Our purpose

To deliver outstanding outcomes fer all our stakeholders: helping our
clients to make the most of the opportunities in their markets; providing
our people the best corporate experience possible; building a profitable
and sustainable business for our investors; and creating a positive

impact on our communities.

How we do it

Nurturing thie

best-culture that
+ sector propositions. + places people at the. +
with the best heart of the
expertise business
What we do

Alpha is a leading consultancy to the asset and wealth

management, alternatives and insurance sectors. We support

the client transtormation lifecycle by providing management
consulting and complamentary technoleay services that are
highly focused on the sectors in which we operate.

Management consulting

Qur management consulting teams are experts in the
asset and woalth management, alternatives and
insurance sectors. Their goal is to help client
organisations make the most of the opportunities facing
them ina rapicily changing financial services tandscape
of regulatory change. fee pressure, growth in aesots and
insurance policies, and client and societal expectations.
Our consultants help clients work more effectively

when requirements are new or more complicated, and
excet against strong competition.

We bring together the specialist industry knowledge.
deep expertise and outstanding focus on delivery excellence
of our global teams to help clients think smarter and shave
their businesses for the future.

Technology consulting

Our technology consulting teams have unrivalled
knowledge of and expertise in the tecnnology platforms:
and models usec in the investment sectors. They
support clients in leveraging technology breakthroughs,
and delivering high quality business value through
technology soluticrs, implementations and software.
Against an ever-changing backdrop of new technology,
digitisation and automation choices, we help our clients
deliver relevant outcomes that protect, optimise and
deliver positive results.

+

Our strategy

alphatme.com

2

Roll out
the client
proposition
globally

3

Make selective


===== page 8 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 5

Our global story

First we:
Became known to
our clients for the high
quality of our team.

Focused on cutsourcing,

operational change
and M&A integration.
with emerging
distribution and

Then we:

- Capitalised on our
reputation for
markeHeading
consulting advice.

~ Continued to
develop consulting
solutions across the
asset and wealth

We have:

— Establisned a global
capability and reputation
for delivering some of
the most challenging
and complex projects
in the industry.

Committed to a growth
sttategy that invoives

We will:

— Continue to build scale
both giebally and across
a range of existing
markets by growing
and differentiating the
services offering

Pursue with momentum
our objective te be

investments capabilities, management chain. expanding the business recognised as the
organically, including leading consultancy to
into the insurance sector, the asset management.
and through highly wealth management,
complementary alternatives and insurance
acquisitions. industries globally — and,
ultimately, across financial
services worldwide.
| North America UR® Europe APAC
350+ 380+ 190+ 60+
j
| consultants consultants consultants consuitants
: New York (2009) London (2003) Luxembourg (2008) Singapore (2017)
| Boston (2015) Edinburgh (2016) Paris (2010) Sydney (2021)
+ Toronto (2019) Amsterdam (2015) Melbourne (2023)
Denver (2021) Geneva (2017)
: San Francisco (2021) Zurich (2019)
: | Copenhagen (2019)
| Frankfurt (2021)
of
‘ e
«
oo

After tne year ena, Aloha has launched @ branch in Abs habs. which wl italy be aversesn by anc form part of the UK busines.

alphafmc.com

g
Fi
8
cy
3
zm
2
3
H
3



===== page 9 =====
6 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategie Revort

Building on our success

Alpha is launched Alpha today

anagement

Maturity key:

Alpha’s history 2008 ; 2013 | 2015
Europe presence First private equity Alpha's Diversity &
is estabiished, with investnent in Alpha | Inclusion programme
the opening of the by Baird Cagutal. 1 is taunched.
Luxembourg office. !
0 a a, ee en SCE: Sweet Sn eer Scene tee coker
2003 2009 2014 2016
Alphe is founded in London US presence Is Creation of Alpha’s: Investment in Alpha by
as a provider of specialist establishes, with first Tachnology Dunedin, with Bard Cantal
consullancy services to the the opening of the Services practice exiting in full, Alpha has
asset management industry, New York office. in the UK. ‘sc, 200 consultants across

seven offices.

aiphafinc.com


===== page 10 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 20247

a4 At Aton

for lomigy-

an are foiused or baviulrs
tacm g..ccess and del verin
vw alour stakeholuers!

Otc

Luc Baqué
Chief Executive Officer

Our focus for the next four years

Y ment
Consulting

2019

Creation of the Pensions & Retall Investments practice
the start of Alpha’s expansion into insurance consulting
Alpha eequires two more businesses.

Anuisys. technology specialists for nvestment
management clents: and Obsidian, expanang

‘tne Aivic solutions sue

ia

2017

APAG presence 1s established. wih the opening

of the Singapore office.

Alpha acquires its first complementary business in
TrackTwa, which becomes part of Awiq,

Suceessfut AIM admission with a market capitalisation of
2160m. Alpha has c. 300 conaultants across nine offices.

2021

Acquisition of Leapomnt, extending
Aloha’s alternatnves canabiities
ang moressing the global tostpint,
porticulany im Neh Amerca

a Se

APAC

Europe

rth America

2023

Acquisition of Shoreline, a leacing
APAC-based consultancy,

Aloha celebrates 20 years since tt was
founded in the UK as a single-poutique
management consultancy to the asset
management sector,

eo cone
2024

Alpna continuas te grow, feporing
seyenue growth to £235 Em.

alphatme.com

Hodey s16e78.45



===== page 11 =====
8 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strateyic Report

Investment case

Six reasons te invest in Alpha.

FERRIER consultancy expertise and successful business model. This has
generated attractive returns for our shareholders since the Group's
AIM admission in October 2017. 7

We have a tong history of achieving strong growth in net fee income, fe)
Astrong cash generation and profitability thanks to our market-leading ° (o)

pres ah

We attract, develop and retain the highest calibre consultants °
The best thanks to our competitive compensation framework, strong 2 279 No
talent corporate culture and commitment to learning and career
development, This allows us to achieve rapid organic growth re pone
with low rates of attrition. 3 PP ralu

We are highly specialised in the financial services sectors that we
The best focus on, unlike many of our competitors. Alpha's experienced,

‘ expert director team has demonstrated an incradibte track record
expertise of anticipating our client needs and developing our proposition
to best serve them.

Avery strong people culture creates an environment in which
The best Alpna's employees feei passionate about their work, their
culture colleagues, their communities and serving clients to the best
of our collective ability.

We have a reputation for delivering complex and challenging 3 0) 9 5%
projects to the highest standards. Our record of delivery brings new ° °
client relationships, significant repeat business and crass-selling tas
opportunities, which help drive market share gains. '

Tha global asset and wealth management, alternative investments,

and insurance markets that we service are expected to continue

SET TT © GOW strongly. They remain subject to long-term trends such 2 ».4
3 as growth in assets and insurance policies, regulatory demand,

Ct coc! orescures, clint and societal expectations and technology econ

breakthroughs, which underpin clients’ needs for support with AN

their advisory, change, implementation and technology projects.

9 Tha latement Inat the Alona Groups growth pian has an amixtton to doubis the size is business by 2028 1s asprational only and should not be construed as profit forecast within
the meanng of the Takeover Code, There ean be ro certamty that Alpha will achieve fs ambition, which Is subject to varaus assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause
Alpha's arewth to differ materially from its expressed amotion,

alphatfme.com


===== page 12 =====
Ken Fry
Charman

Having consistently achieved growth since AIM admission in 2017,
the Group experienced increased competition in the global consukting
market and a lengthened sales cycle in FY 24, Against this backdrop,
Group net fee income increased 2.8% and 4.8% on a constant
currency basis. Clent wins and trading have incrementally mproved
in recent months with consultant utilisation approaching near
targot levels by the end of the year, and maintained at this level
into the early part of FY 25. The Board views this as a resilient
performance within the broader markel landscape. reflecting

the Group's robust business model, leading expertise and

strong progesition.

Alpha’s multi-boutique model, with its ¢ross-selling framework
acfO8s regions and sectors, and collaboration between management
and technology consulting, 5 a key part of Alpha’s growth strategy,
The Group continued to invest selectively in the foundations that
support this growth agenda and made progress in a number of
key areas in the year.

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 9

The Group broadened and deepened its proposition, which will
support the future scaling of the business. This included selective
hires or internal promotions in all agions, key hires to further establish
our insurance consulting offering in North America, and compieting
the acquisition of Shoreline to consolidate our offering in the
APAC region.

Scaling up and rolling out our newer businesses, including
alternatives and insurance consuiting continues to be one of
our growth pillars as we aim to meet our 2028" strategic target
Our Aiternatives business, Lionpoint, saw increased denand
across all regions, particutarly in North America, growing the
client base with 65 new client wins. North America remains a
very exciting, strategic growth region for the Group and we
grew headcount by 15 overall.

We continue to enhance and diversity cur sector-spesifie offerings,
in ling with client demand end needs, We are proud that the Alpha
offering now embeds Tachnology Consulting anc a software business,
in Aivig, which adds depth to our delivary and cross-sell opportunity,
To capitalise on the technology opportunities that we see in all our
markets, both for standalone technology services projects and as
part of major change programmes, we formatised a number of
technology lead roles in our asset & wealth management and
insurance consulting teamns.

The Group ended the year well positioned, with a healthy
net cash position of £29.4m (FY 23: £89.2m).

Since Aigha began over 20 years ago, it has been our outstanding
staft that has heiped establish and earn a global reputation for
Gelvering challenging and complex projects to the highest standards,
This year has been no exception and | want to take this opportunity
to thank Alpha’s people for their unwavering focus and excetient
contributions in a challenging period. We believe that there are
very exciting opportunities ahead for Alpha, with such a strong
group of consultants and a culture that encourages and
celebrates success for everyone.

podey Gens



===== page 13 =====
10 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strate

6a We heveve that there are very
exciting spperturities ahead tur
Aloha with such astrong g

Governance and the Board

The Board is dedicated to upholding the highest standards of
corporate governance. We consider business ethics, integrity,
and strong governance fundamental to reducing risk and securing
long-term shareholder value. In recognition of the crucial role the
Board has in overseeing and advancing the Group's ESG” efforts,
the ESG Committee was formally established in the period, under
the guidance of vill May as Chair.

The ESG Commitige's role is to maintain oversight of Alpha's
ESG agenda, ensuring that the Group complies with regulatory
requirements, meets the expectations of its stakenolders and
positions the Group for long-term sustainable success. The Board
intends to stay actively engaged with ESG across all relevant topics
as they evolve and, to this end, we commenced a schedule of
Board training, emphasising current and emerging areas of
responsibility across all ESG-related topics.



===== page 14 =====
For the first time this year, Alpha is publishing metrics and
information under the Task Force on Climate-related Financial
Disclosures (TCFD"). We have also published our first dedicated
Sustainability Report, which sets out the Group's ESG progress
to date, vision and roadmap. The report covers our focus on
diversity and social responsibility, strong governance, and playing
our part in protecting the environment. The Board is fully supportive
of Alpha's first public diversity target and its ambition to identify
and progress actions that foster inclusion and increase diversity
across the Group. The enhanced disclosures and our ESG strategy
provide Us with the frameworks necessary for long-term
sustainable growth

The Board is committed to engaging with shareholders and
understanding their expectations. To this and, we wera pleased
to have completed a consultation with investors regarding Alpha’s
FY 25 Remuneration Policy and have incorporated their
feedback accordingly,

Dividend

In view of the recommended cash offer to acquire Alpha by
Actium Bidco (UK) Limited ("Bidco"), a newly incorporated ingirect
subsidiary of certain funds managed by Bridgepoint Advisers
Limited ("Brdgepoint’), the Board is not recommending a tinal
dividend, If the acquisition does not complete, it is expected that
the Board would declare a tinal dividend in respact of FY 24

ata later date.

Quttook

Although some challenges in the market environment remain,
the Group saw an uptick in client wins ang consultant utilisation
in the last quarter of FY 24, with utilisation levels maintained into
the start of FY 28. Long-term demand for aur services remains
robust and |S underpinned by ongoing structural drivers: growth
im assets under management and insurance policies, regulatory
demand, cost pressures, client and societal expectations and
technology breakthroughs.

With a strong and high quality sales pipeline, a compelling client
proposition, market-leading consultants and clear strategic objectives,
the Board remains confident in the Group's prospects.

Ken Fry
Charman

ID ESS refers 9 en,

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 ab]

The power
of our people

The best

culture

Employee insight

Alpba’s community and culture
are based on mutual respect for

our colleagues, their knowledge,
experience and ambitions, and are
anderpinred by an innate desire
to create successful ow for
our chents.,

g
8
A
é
@
2
F3
3
3
3

This means that we have a head start with teams who
enjoy collaborating and growing together, whilst delivering
exciting change to the industry, However, our culture goes,
‘ar beyond just being a cohesive team. Aipha aiso fosters
an environment which celebrates personal and Group
successes whilst untiringly providing the necessary
support to promote personal growth.

Despite growing at a phenomenal rate over the last years,
our leadership tearm has protected the core pillars that
contribute to our ‘one-team’ structure, creating a sense

of shared responsibility in our own collective success,

a8 well as our clients’ successes. We see this translating
into teams that are passionate about not oniy their own
work and achievements but also colleagues and the wider
business, be that across geographies or business lines,

Our local management structures have individuals responsible
for initiatives that support alt comers of our culture framework,
from our social calendar and CSR initiatives, through to
our working environment, In my role as Culture ead on
the UK Management Committee, | work alongside our
designated Peopie and Recruitment leads who are responsiole
for key supporting aspects, such as wellbeing and inclusion,
which helps create and sustain a multifaceted culture.

Caoimhe Munif
Cutture Management Committee Lead.
Asset & Wealth Management Consulting UK

Ea read more about our community and culture
in the looking after our people section on p. 36

alphatme.com


===== page 15 =====
12 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Se-ategic Repor:

Chief Executive Officer’s report

Luc Baqué
Chief Executive Officer

és FY 24 has p challenging
cd competizior
in tne global corsuitig market.
The Group has navigated these
conditions wet i
a resilient performan
reflects the unceriyimy strenger
af the business modet. Atpha’s
service proposmon and highiv
talented cons

Carts

As previously reported, the Group saw increased competition
in FY 24 due to overcapacity in the global consulting market.
Alpha navigated this period well, ending the year with consultant
utilisation at close to target levels. This resilient performance
reflects the strength of our business model and the expertise

of our people in addressing clients’ needs and challenges,

even during more uncertain periods.

While the sales cycle remains fonger as the supply and demand
dynamics continue to redalance, the drivers for clients saeking
Alpha's services remain provatont, which is evicienced by our
healthy global sales pipeline.

Despite the more challenging environment in FY 24, the strategic
growth pillars that underpin our ambition remain consistent,
further expansion in North America, the global scale-up ang
roll-out of Alpha’s propositions, including alternatives and
insurance consulting, and selective acquisitions.

The year in review

The Group achieved modest growth in net fee income, reflecting
the resilience of the business model despite challenging market
conditions, Throughout the year, the Group actively managed its
cost base alongside utilisation and day rates, and continued to
build its pipeline of new business opportunities.

alphafme.com

Market demand levels were slower to recover than first anticipated,
and our actions to manage the business through this environment
included a limited number of redundancies to support affected
areas of the business. This was a very Gifficult decision, however
it was one that we felt was commensurate with the levels of
demand, and key to achieving more normal levels of utilisation
and profitability,

‘As market conditions continued to rebalance, consultant
utilisation rates improved through the final quarter, ending the year
at close to target levels albeit FY 24 margins remained lower than
historical lavels overall. Gross profit was £78.3m (FY 23: £80.47}
reflecting tower average consultant utilisation, while maintaining
consistent day rates and actively managing variable costs.

12 months to 12 months to
31 March 31 March
eo BOR 2023 Change
Net fee income
UK £91.2m £87.1m 47%
North America £90.5m £914m (0.6%)
Europe & APAG £51.9m £49.0m
Year-end totals £233.6m ——_-£227.2m 2.8%
12 months to 12 months to
31 March, 31 March
oe 20242028 Change_
Gross profit
UK £33.0m £36.0m 6.8%)
North America £28.3m £30.0m (5.6%)
Europe & APAC £17.0m £15.4m 10.6%
Year-end totals £78.3m £80.4m (2.6%)

The UK region, which continues to attract clients and maintains
a leading reputation, generated 4.7% organic net fee income
growth to £93.2m (FY 23: £87.1m), The reduced gross profit
margin of 36.2% (FY 23: 40.2%} reflects lower average consultant
utilisation, partly offset by reduced variable costs and consistent
consultant day rates on the previous year. During the year, we
made selective hires as we invested for currant demand and
future growth. In audition to maintaining our graduate programme,
which is a source of future talent, we were pleased to make a
number of key director appointments. Those included adding
three exoerienced directors to sugport Alpha UK's wealth sector
proposition, where we are working with many of the UK's top tier
wealth managers and private banks.

Alpha's strategy includes ralling out its proposition to new clients
and locations. After the year end, Alpha has launched a branch in
Abu Dhabi, which is overseen by and wll initially form part of the
UK business, Abu Dhabi is an important financial centre, anc this
branch provides access to an area that is growing and transforming
rapidly. We are delighted that our offering, including our investments
proposition and technology services, is already resonating well
and attracting demand.

North America net fee income was £90.6m (FY 23: £91.1m)

and up 3.8% on a constant currency basis, Tris resilient performance
in a competitive market environment follows more than 50%
average annual organic growth in the previous three years.


===== page 16 =====
A key pillar of our growth strategy, we continued to invest in our
services and people in this vary sizeable market, broadening and
deepening our existing relationships and exeanding our client base.
We added 58 new clients in the region in FY 24, and at the year
end the North America team had 357 consultants (FY 23; 342).
We aro pleased that our proposition there, which now
encompasses three sectors [asset and wealth management,
alternatives and insurance}, is resonating so well and we are
proud that Alpha fas again ranked in “America’s Best Management
Consulting Firms" by Forbes and Statista. We remain confident in
the significant market opportunity of North America, which is over
eight” times the size of the UK,

Europe & APAC deliverad net fee income growth of 6.1% to
£51.9m (FY 23: £49.0m), of which 1.4% was organic. In fine with
our acquisition strategy, we welcomed Shoreline to the Group at
the start of the year. With the integration complete, this boutique
asset and wealth management consultancy reinforces our
position in the APAC region. In Europe, we now have offices in
seven financial centres and we were delighted to have been
selected as 2 “#1 Consulting Firm’ in asset management in
France by Décideurs Magazine in the year, Across Europe &
APAC, we continue to see @ vary strong opoortunity for Alpha’s
combined proposition of management and technology consulting.

Alpha has continued to make progress on its strategic growth
objectives, further cementing its position as a leading provider of
specialist consulting services within the financial services
industry, We have grown our global client base across the sectors
that we service. Our global model, expertise and the alignment of
our practices to our cents’ sectors and core functions have again
enabled us to deliver some of the most complex, challanging and
defining projects in the industry.

Lionpoint, our alternatives consulting business, experienced
another year of steady growth as our expertise and capabilities
continue te resonate with private equity. credit, infrastructure, real
estate and fund of funds clients. Tracitiona! asset managers also
continue to seek to expand their books of alternative investments.
which brings 2 need for technology investment and operating
Model consolidation. Joint-offer opportunities between Liongaint
and our Asset & Wealth Management Consulting team therefore
represent a significant driver for future growth.

Insurance consulting remains a strategic growth pillar for Alpha
and we ware delighted to compiete on a goal fo Jaunch in the US
in FY 24, appointing two senior directors to spearhead progress
in that region, Botn individuals have extensive industry experience
and estabiished networks, which we wil leverage to establish the
brand. In Europe. Aipha's insurance consulting business added
new clients, reinforced its capabilities and expanded its team of
deep sector experts.

#1 Consulting Firm in asset
management in France,
Décideurs Magazine

DECIDEURS

1 Thinkng Angad insite ang Peneions Simastmens “Tre word's ages

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 13.

We have continued to develop and align the Graup’s technology
consulting capabilities and solutions with our management consulting
proposition for each sector: asset and wealth management.
alternatives and insurance. Our technology solutions and delivery
teams possess unrivalled knowiedge and expertise in the technology
platiorms and models utilised in those sectors, and we are delivering
important strategic outcomes for our clients, focused on cost
reduction, management insights, automation and efficiency,

and scale-up.

Acquisitions

We were pleased to compiete the acquisition of Shoreline in

May 2023 to consolidate our offering in the APAG region. Selective
acquisitions remain a strategic growth pillar for Alpha and we
continue to review potential acquisition opportunities. Outline
heads of terms have been agreed recently with two stall bolt-on
opportunities, which are currently subject to ongoing due diligence.

Financial performance summary

Group net fee income increased 2.8% to £233.0m (FY 23: £227.2m),
mainly organically and 4.8% on a constant currency basis,

Lower consultant utilisation and rising costs across a larger tearn,
partly offsat by reduced variable costs, resulted in reduced adjusted
EBITDA on the previous year of £42.2m FY 25: £46.6m) at an adjusted
EBITDA margin of 18.0% (FY 28: 20.5%), The Group delwered a slightly
improved margin in H2 compared to the first naif as the market
continues to rebalance supply and demand dynamics.

Adjusted profit before tax was £38.5m (FY 28: £44.0m}, and
adjusted earrings per share ("EPS") was 24,90p (FY 23: 29.270).

Ona statutory basis, revenue increased 3.0% to £236.5m (FY 23:
£228.7m), operating profit decreased to £23.1m (FY 23: £28.6rn)
and profit before tax was £22.6m (FY 23: £25.8m). Basic EPS.
was 13.85p (FY 28: 15.82p).

The Group ends the period with increased sales wins and a strong
pipeline of new business opportunities. This reslient performance,
in the context of the competitive market conditions in FY 24,
demonstrates the strength of Aipha's business model and client
proposition. The Chief Financial Officer's report provides further
information about the financial performance of the last 12 months.

Our people

As Alpha celebrated its 20° anniversary this financial year, we
take pride in our team and our achievements. Aloha started lite
88 a Single Sector consultancy in the UK. The Group now includes
1.000 consultants, in addition ta its business operations staff,
with offices in @ number of locations across the globe.

In 20 years, one thing has remained consistent about Aipha's
success: our people.

1 anage’s IDotober 2023

alphatatc.com

g
g
3
&
3
2
Fy
3
3
a



===== page 17 =====
14 Annuai Report & Accounts 2024

Our people continued

Our clients recognise the quality of cur people and their exclusive
sector-specitic focus. it helps to define our proposition, but what
makes us stand out as a market-leading consulting firm is our
global teams’ unrelenting attention to delivering projects to the
very highest standards. This has always been reflected in the high
levels of repeat business and growth of our client base, and was
evidenced by over 20% of revenue in the year being generated by
existing clients. | am proud of Alpha's people every year, but this
year has been exceptional for its challenges and | am particularly
grateful for the focus on solving cliente’ needs and delivery
excellence shown in this difficult market environment.

While we focus on identifying and attracting the right people to
Alpha, it is aiso important that we can retain, nurture and develop
the best consutting talent in the market. We constantly strive to
ensure that we foster an inclusive ahd meritocratic culture that
offers opportunities for progression and success, aided by a robust
suppert system. We were celighted to have been nominated and to
have won a place in the Top 10 Best Large Companies to Work For
and as a Top 5 Consultancy to Work For by Best Companies, a
leading employee engagement specialist in the UK.

While in the iast 12 months we have approached hiring selectively,
reffecting the wider market environment, we are pleased to have
grown our headcount of global consultants to 1,000 (FY 23: 994),
We made 15 director appointments, including both stratagic
additions in all our regions and internal promotions, underscoring
cur ongoing investment in talent development and progression.

As at As at
31 March 31 March
_- : — 2024 2023 Change
Consultant headcount
UK 385 394 (2.3%)
North America 357 342 4.4%
Europe RAPAC 258 -

Year-end totals

Sustainable growth

At Alpha, we are focused on building a platform for fong-term
success and delivering outstanding outcomes for all our stakeholders.
We nurture and safeguard a strong sustainability culture, which
for 1s means commitments to diversity and inclusion, cormunity
impact work and our actions to address climate change.

Top 10 Best Large Companies
to Work For award

in the last year, we have continued to develop our ESG.
frameworks and reporting disclosures. We recently published
our first dedicated Sustainability Report, which explains Alpha’s
position and objectives, and the governance we use to apply
and monitor ther. | encourage you to read it to understand
more about our focus on diversity and social responsibility,
strong governance, and the part we want to play in the
environment and combating climate change.

Diversity and inclusion is one of the most important focus areas
for Alpha, now and as we grow the business. We can be a better
employer and a better pariner for our clients through the diversity
of perspectives that our people bring, and we are on a journey to
improving the diversity of our teams globally, We were delighted
to announce our first public diversity target this year, for 25% of
the global cirector tear to be women or nonbinary in five years’ time.

We are also very excited about the progress being made in the
financial services sectors we operate in. We are proud that ESG
is al the heart of Algha’s service offering and that wa can support
clients in adopting relevant and meaningful aparoaches. We look
forward to sharing more about our developments and plans as
they progress.

Current trading and outlook

Despite some uncertainty and ongoing challenges as the supply
and demand dynamics in the global consulting market continue
to rebalance, client demand remains robust, and consultant
utlisation has improved through the last quarter of FY 24 and was
maintained into the early part of FY 25. While further improvement
in uliisalion is required in certain areas of the business through
FY 26, we enter the year with a strong new business opportunity
pipeline, higher sales win levels and a healthy net cash position.

The long-term structural drivers of demand including growth in
assets and insurance policies, regulatory demand, cost pressures,
client and societal expectations, and technology breakthroughs:
continue to present significant growth opportunities for us.

We have continued to invest in our people, recognising their
importance in our future growth. The trust and retationships that
our people cuttivate with our clients provide significant cross- and
joint-seliing opportunities between our sector-focused services.
Our people and client relationships are comerstones of our
business model and organic growth ambitions.

We also continus to see and respond to the strategic growth
drivers of North America and addressing the market opportunity
in the newer sectors of insurance and alternatives. Our selective
investments in pecple, the service proposition and our business
model, make us well placed to capitalise on improving

market conditions.

With the structural drivers of demand remaining in place. our
market-leading consultants, and our highly compelling client
proposition, we are well positioned for the future and remain
focused on our ambition to double the business again by 2028".

Luc Baqué
Chief Executive Officor

20 She

12 The statement that the Alpha Group's growth plan has an ambition 1¢ double the sve of 1s business Dy 2628s asprational only and shoulg not be canstrued as 2 prof forecast wth
the meaning of Ihe Takeover Code There can be no certamty that Alpha will achieve rs anibmen, which 6 subject 1o various assurnplions. risks and unoartambes that could causa

Alpha's growth to cifier matenally from ils expressed ar®iton,

aiphatme.com


===== page 18 =====
How is the competitive environment
impacting your utilisation?

The global consulting market has experienced a more competitive
environment during FY 24 and this has resulted in a longer sales cycle
and, consequently, utlisation levels were impacted, We were pleased
tobe able to maintain consistent consultant day rates during FY 24,
which continue to hold steady into FY 25. This reflects the quality

of our service offering and our specialism in financial markets
sectors, where we can add significant vaiue to our clients. We believe
that consultant utilisation will be more straightforward to recover in
due course, as we have begun to see in Qa.

Why has Alpha continued to hire
during this period?

Whilst we have slightly increased our overall headcount, FY 24
growth was more modest than in previous years. We have been
very selective in the appointments, focusing on future
development in line with our strategy. For example, we hired two
very experienced directors to establish our Insurance Consulting
business in North America and have grown our Lionpoint team as
we continue to build up the alternative investments proposition
Alpha is aiso committed to developing and fostering early talent,
offering a competitive graduate scheme, and we welcomed a
further graduate intake in the period. in all these cases, we see
these appointments as cautious but appropriate steps to
harnessing sigrificant potential growth over the coming years,

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 45

Can you tell us about your new business
pipeline and the sales cycte?

We expect longer sales cycles to remain a feature in the shorter
term as clients strive to balance their costs with their immediate
and long-term priorities. However, there are signs of improvement
and Alpha is well placed for that recovery. Our sales pipeline
indicates robust demanc for our services, with ever-greater
collaboration between management and technology consulting
presenting a strong opportunity for the combined go-to-market
approach and cross-sell. We are excited about the global nature
of our pipeline, which includes a strong mix in sectors and
practice areas, including significant multi-year programmes of
work. We have already seen some more positive market
sentiment at the start of the current financial year, with a good
Jevel of new business wins,

How do you feel about your
2028 ambitions?

We remain focused on our ambition to double net fee income
again by 2028", which has been cur goal since we announced it
in March 2023. Our priority is to achieve this while maintaining a
record of profitable growth. We have been taking action to protect
our margins and profits in the current environment, alongside a
strong focus on business development, and we believe that these
market conditions wit be a short-term feature. Underpinning these
are tha key pillars of our strategy: scaling up ang broadening our
sector-iocused proposition; enhancing end diversifying our offering in
geographical markets, such as in the significant North America
market; and making selective acquisitions

alphatme.com

g
a
5
é
3
2
z
3
Hy



===== page 19 =====
16 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Reacr:

Business model

Our resources

Financiat
strength

Industry
The best talent: tworks
We craw on the
market-leading
‘experience, knowledge
and highest delivery
standards of our people
to solve our clients”
problems and meet
‘their objectives.

Our consultants
specialise exclusively in
particular sectors,
meaning we are fully
focused on each of the
client segments we
address. We offer insight,
methodologies and
thought leadership based
fon our leading position in
the market

We maintain case
contacts with vendors,
industry bodies,
regulatory authorities and
competitors to inform our
understanding of the
markets in which we
operate and support our
work far clients,

We cultivate strong,
fong-term relationships
with ctients, leading to
high levels of repeat
business anc
oppertunitias to
cross-sell multiple
Service offerings,

We are a consistently
profitable and
cash-generative

Group with the financial
resources to invest in
expanding our activities
globally and to new client
types and consulting areas

Our competitive advantages

Ability to identity, attract ang retain the
best talent.

A strong culture that fosters excellence,
collaboration and ethical conduct

A focused, specialist proposition for the asset
and wealth management, alternatives and
insurance sectors.

Clients

We help asset and wealth
managers. insurance
companies, private market
firms, service providers,
platforms, intermadianes,
technolegy partners anda
range of other buy-side
firms solve their most
pressing strategic
problems and become
more successful.

Shareholders

We deliver fong-term
investors through share
dividend payments,

continued growth, We

risks appropriately.

146 154.9%

alphatme,com

capital appreciation fer our
price growth and regular
supported by the Croup's

preserve the value of their
invesitnent by managing

Ability to apply best practice, differentiating
intellectual proparty and data. tachnology
solutions and market-leading knowledge
cevelopad over 20 years

— Amulti-boutique structure with an extremely

solid cross-selling framework and culture
of collaboration.

How value is shared

Our peaple

We enable our peapte 10
develop their skills and
‘hair careers by working on
highampact projects with
the leading companies in
thelr specialist area, We
offer a meritocratic and
enjoyable corporate culture
atongside incentwe
schemas, training and
support to Taatitate
individual development
and progression.

50%+

Community

We promote athicat conduct
and a corporate culture that
gives back to the wider
‘community and values
diversity and inclusion in

its broadest sense. We
contribute by supporiing
charitable initiatives
including our Charity of

the Year programme, and
region-specific volunteering
and mentoring.

£100,000+

Continuous development of the proposition
to anticipate client needs.

An emphasis on providing the highest quality
of service and, wherever possible, exceeding
clients’ expectations.

Environment

We prioritise evaluating our
impact on the environment
by understanding our
energy usage and our
arton footprint. We will
contribute to its protection
by seeking to reduce
greenhouse gas emissions
wherever possible and
continuing te offset those
that we cannot reduce.

100%


===== page 20 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 17

How we create value

Technology Data Solutions
Consulting. & Products

2
Py
A
&
3
>
Fe
3
i
a

Platform for growth

dope

Coogee

Managemen Philosophy

Strategy in action

2 3

Roll out
Make selective

acquisitions

the client
proposition
globally

Global operations model

, B em ;
Finance usiness management operations Rist
and change
Legal and Human resources Recruitment Responsible business
corporate affairs

alphatme.com


===== page 21 =====
18 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

he Geoup’s special at
axpernence to $ugpdrt 5
as weil as in how to tate
vary well placed to addr
developing effective solutions from zperating model.
sgiections and imei ations to charge delivery and
lamenting strat sto secure long-term growths

uirants provda thelr y
ents in navigating and managing
vantage of any opportunities they oo
strese long term. structur 4

-

teohmotogy
pcort. as ~

di profitability

WE Exe
yoport

opemtising 3
hancmg clent

mace

Joe Morant
Global Head of Asset & Wealth Stuart McNulty
Management Consuttme Global Head of Insurance Consulting

Lee Griggs
Global Head of Avra

Nick Fienberg
Global Head of Lionpomt

alphafme.com


===== page 22 =====
Long-term structural drivers shaping our financial services clients in asset
and wealth management, alternatives and insurance:

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 19

g
Fa
8
a
3
eo)
3
3
3
$

g 1. Growth in AUM and GWP 2. Cost pressures and M&A
£
Fan GPG Global AUM CAGR 2018 te 2023 expected to continus® Over. 1 in¥-Sasser managers are planning to
EE 6%: forécasiod CAGR in global inaurance inarket* renegotiate fons with vendors to lower costs!
2.19% incraasa ih tha value of M&A activity in Qt 2024
as:compared to. O1-2023'*
& Alpha’ cients have faced challenging macro conditions in the An increased cost base from inflation and higher rates coupled
8 last two years, including high interest rates and inflation, which with margin pressures frorn lower-cost products and increased
= have not been as transitory as expected, alongside a return of regulation have caused a deterioration in cost-income ratios
= Market volatiity. Despite these hurdles, the underlying drivers Consequently, clients ara looking at how to improve profitability.
& for growth persist. Assets under management have continued
Eto grow globally, with a five-year compound annual growth raters continue ta pull classic cost levers to address this,
CAGE of 6% with net flows remaining positve, We would including process optimisation, global enterprise technology
expect these trands to continue”, solutions, spans of control, outsourcing, and re-tendering._
Our clients follow similar guiding principles when transforming
Against this backarop, investment firms are actively pursuing their cost base: to ensure any cost-cutting dees not paralyse
diversification. Asset managers ere broadening their investment —_ growth, to identify and implement quick wins early, and to
strategies based on market demand, developing strategies in balance traditional cost-saving measures with the nuances
alternatives, sustainable products and, particularly in the US, of their relevant sectors.
active ETFS. Private coutty, alternative crecit, infrastructure and i a renewed locus on sales enablement and data driven
real estate are experiencing sustained growth in this regard, and : ;
assets under management for this section of the market have ——-_-e'S!on making to improve competitiveness while seeking to
continued to grow globally with a S-year CAGR of 11%". This manage costs, which 's often undermined by technological change
strategy allows firms to provide more comprehensive solutions We also expect an increase in M&A, joint venture ar alliance
and diversification to both institutional and retail investors, as activity as well-capitalised companies look to expand globally
regulations evolve for the latter in iliquid asset classes. into new capabilities and emerging markels out with less of a
For insurers gross written premium (‘GWP") projectians drive to realise cost synergies via acquisition.
continue to grow driven in part by higher rates and a growing We anticipate increases in this type of activity as interest rates begin
giabal middie class. Consequently we are seeing a particular to normalise, and pressure mounts to put committed capital to work.
focus from our clients on how to increase their shara of GWP. We have already seen a big uptick in activity from our private equity
clients from the second half of FY 2, particularly in the wealth
segment across technology, platforms and financial advisers.
3 With growth projected to continue in the Group's core client Alpha has built a reputation among clients as a market-leading
5 markets, the demand for consulting services is anticipated to specialist consultancy to support projects that address structural
3 grow over the lang term. This favourable market outlook provides cost drivers in their business. We recognise the nuances cf our
robust underlying prospects for Alnha's businesses globally. sector, and that benchmarks are an input, not the answer.
Alpha has an excellent record of anticipating and addressing Our approach is valued because we not only advise on “what”

alient demand and evolving needs while enhancing its compettive
advantages. This includes deepening and broadening its
sector-specific expertise, leveraging established delivery
frameworks, strengthening technology transformation
capabtities. and providing industry insights across the asset
and wealth management. alternatives and insurance sectors.

19 Broadnige Slobal Marks Intatige
14 Alianz, "Nawgating growth ard shal =
‘Shanging word’ (May 2024)

ver anid asset managers are

the targets should be but “how” to achieve them,

We support clients in identitying long-term growth opportunities
instead of short-term remecies, recognising that cost review
exercises cannot paralyse growth

Through our sector specific offerings, we support different
clients in considering and reconfiguring operating models and
addressing cost structures across their organisations

Our M&A proposition helps clients identity, evaluate, and execute
acquistions to assist them in realising their strategic goals. Clear
valuation creation planning will become ever more important for
portfolio companies, an area in which our industry experts assist
our cients.

all Banker rte
sede Qi

tonal. ABA. financial ser
4 Bay 2024,

aiphafme com


===== page 23 =====
20 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

gic Rawesd

3. Ongoing regulatory change

Trend

$10. 5ibn of requiatory fines were impdsed by authorities
‘off financial services firms.in 20237

Global regulators continue to focus on the outcomes customers
are receiving from procucts and services. There is also an
increased focus on resiliency driven by market volatility and
geopolitical risk. A growing number of technology-focused
regulations are fooking at technological advances, Al and data
security which must be adhered to without hampering
competitive edge.

Impact and scale ; Statistic |

In addition, global rule sets are becoming more complex. Clients
with a global footprint face the challenge of ensuring consistency
in their approach to divarse regulatory regimes across jurisdictions.

Alarge and evolving agenda of regulatory change puts pressure
onall parts of our cients! businesses to ensure compliance.
Heads of Risk and Compliance need to ensure that their teams’
skillsets keep pace with the compiexity of the regulations
surrounding ESG, cyber, financial, and operational resilience.

The need for faster and better data to evidence compliance
remains a longer-term priority. Regulators continue to follow
amore data-led supervisory approach and increase their
expectations of firms’ capabilities. The challenge of regulatory
divergence and differing ru'es across multi-jurisdictional
business modeis remains a key focus area.

4, Digital transformation and
technology breakthroughs

73% of asset and-wealth management service providers
‘believe generative Al wit positively impact Ousinéss.in the
next 12 #9 18 rrionths®

Technology transformation remains a core priority for our
clients. Margin pressure, regulatory compliance and increased
competition are all leading to investment in technology. There
has also been significant advancement in the technologies
themselves such as cloud-enabled integration and Al.

Much focus on technology innovation picks up on the idea of
getting closer to clients, for example via hyper personalisation,
and Alpha’s clients are looking at how they can get closer to the
customer relationship via technology, data and digital servicing,

For alternative investment managers, we continue to see growth
across all asset classes, particularly alternative credit. We have
also seen increasing retall appetite for access to allernalives,
which comes with regulatory scrutiny. These asset classes
require best-of-breed technologies underpinned by robust

and transparent data medels and architectures.

Alpha supports some of the world's leading asset and wealth
managers, alternatives investment managers and insurers in
developing their compliance, operational resilience, and risk
management frameworks.

Alpha’s Regulatory Risk & Compliance practice covers most
financial hubs, It comprises a tearn of seasoned ex-regulators,
practitioners, and experienced consultants wha know how
giobal regulators think and what they expect.

Alpha's response

Alpha can therefore bring leading regulatory expertise
and market best practices to transform how our clients
handle regulatary compliance and risk. We focus on efficient
regulatory change implementation and supporting our clients
to future-proof with adaptive compliance and proactive risk
management frameworks.

The team also works closely with Alpha's ESG & Responsible
Investment practice, Alha’s technology and data teams to
combine knowledge and expertise in addressing complex
regulatory challenges and obligations and making the necessary
updates to operating models and data governance.

17 FoTeut Global. Navigating the regulatory minetield” Wanuary 2024)

‘Our management and technology consulting services offer
compiete solutions for clients looking to optimise their operations
and processes while investing in efficient technology solutions.

Alpha’s sector-focused consultants, including our soecialist
offering for alternative investment managers, enables clients to
receive highly relavant advice and implementation approaches
across technology, data and digital challenges and opportunities.

We continue to scale up anc globalise other relevant practices, such
as data and cloud services in our Technology Consuiting business.
We are also expanding our data science proposition to make data
and analytics an essential business tool in delivering operational
efficiency gains and supporting strategic decision making.

Alongside our consulting offering that encompasses analysis,
solutions definition and implementation, Alpha's Aiviq business
offers 4 data-criven software platform for asset managers. The
core AUM and flows product addresses the need for investment
managers 0 make informed decisions powered by data.

‘As Al continues to evolve and present new opportunities and
chalienges to our industry, Aipha’s Al specialists help clients
grapple with how best to deploy this technology, and form a
comprehensive Al strategy. We are also seeing increased
demand for Al impiementation, often linked to a focus on cost.

18 HFS, “HFS Horizons: The Bost Service Prowdors for Assei and Wealth Managarnent, 2024" Ganuary 2024),
19 Intarrational Association of Credit Portfolle Managers, "How Financial Services Firms Are Wiesting wath ESG" (May 2023),

alphatme.com


===== page 24 =====
5. ESG and societal expectations

89% of financial Services firme expect mote influence from
Fegulators to increase ESG activities”

ESG continues to evolve from a commercial priority to a regulatory
necessity. Sustainability and responsible investment teams have
been under intense and protonged pressure as they support their
fies’ compliance efforts with sustainability-retated regulation and
address emerging anti-ESG sentiment in same ragions.

Looking forward, we will see continued focus on meeting
ESG-related regulation and increased attention on existing
and emerging sustamability themes, inclucing climate, natural
capital, sociat factors, and double materiality — considering an
investments ESG impacts on the world and the financial
matenality of ESG factors. The effective integration of ESG
datasets creates a new challenge for technology and data
operating models.

Akkey priority for Heads of Sustainability and Responsible
investments will be using their teams to the best effect and
positioning their efforts as a strategic driver of value for their firm.
Differentiating their sustainability value proposttion from peers will
be a particular challenge whilst they drive deeper ESG integration
into the investment process.

Our ESG & Responsible Investment team has unrivalled
experience and market insight to help clients define and embed
their chosen ESG approach and operating madel. Our extensive
expertise in sustainability regulation enables us to support them
in their journeys to understanding and responding to regulations
such as TCFD, SDR and now CSRD.

We work in multiple geographies fo deliver projects across public
and private assets for asset managers, asset owners, and wealth
and insurance clients.

Our consulting work in this area remains complementary to
Alpha's core consuiting capabilities, which include work on
product, reguiations, data and technology scalability, and
client engagement.

In response to client demand, we ere also helping organisations
in areas such as sustainability risk and greenwashing. These
capabilities underpin our core strategic offering of supporting
clients in defining their ESG and responsible investment vision,
strategy, and roadmap with market-leading assessments and
peer insights.

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 2t

The power
of our people

g
g
3
a
3
z
3
3
3
3

Employee insight

As Head of Asset & Wealth
Managerrant Consuiting in
siorth America. we see growth
ogpartunities abound for Sinks
in North Ar CA.

Alpha’s core offerings to investment managars and
insurers are highly differentiated and we are well placed
to accelerate our growth in the largest sinale-market

in the world.

In asset management, we see huge opportunities to
expand our coverage of the hundreds of "boutique"
{$10-100on AUM) managers in the United States.

‘The Canadian market also offers amazing growth
oppertunities particularly with the large public pension
funds, We are growing our footprint with asset owners
and insurance-owned managers across the region.
Wealth menagement has the potential to be as large
as asset management for Alpha, and we are investing to
take advantage of the enormous opportunities for growth
that we see in this segment,

Trends in the market are creating new opporturities far us
to service our clients. We are uniquely well placed to helo
asset managers and alternatives managers capitalise on
the continued growth in private markets, We are helping
clients to navigate margin pressure with cost optimisation
programmes. And the growth of new products such as
direct-indexing and retail SMAs in the United States have
clients seeking Alphas advice given our unique vantage
point and expertise across the value-chain,

We continue to grow our technology consuiting
capabilities across all our segments in North America
and are seeing growing demand for our unique brand
of high-quality technology consulting backed by
industry-leading, business-focused expertise,

We see enormous potential for continued growth in the
vast and dynamic North America market.

Mike Burns
Head of Asset § Wealtn Management
Consulting North America

alphatme.com


===== page 25 =====
22 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

agic Report 4
; i
Strategy |

To continue to develop and succeed
as a leading consulting services
group, our strategy for growth
includes the following objectives:

Read more about our strategy in the
Chief Executive’s report on p. 12

Key progress in FY 24

Scale up and broaden the -- Consultant headcount of 1,000 at $1 March 2024, up from
‘te eli 994 at 31 March 2023.
Group's client proposition. by

1 i ; — Investing selectively in the foundations for future growth,
adding services and consulting inclucing eight new directors in important practice and sector

activities that together present offerings: Operations, Wealth and Alternatives.

a differentiated and more — Further development and alignment of technology consulting
comprehensive offering across sector teams to enhance our market-facing structure,
Continued to expand the alternatives capability across

management consulting and technology consuiting through
the Lionpoint team.

Roll out the client proposition — Continued to rol out Alpha’s consulting proposition and
activities gicbally, including the launch of the Insurance

globally and progress Consulting team in North America.

opportunities to grow further Regional leads in place for the Group's key service areas
within our markets covering all sectors to oversee delivery excellence, cross-selling
and further growth across regions.

- Continued to identity and progress opportunities in global
markets, adding 146 new clients and growing market share.

— Growth of director neadcount by 15 to 116 at 31 March 2024,
including twe new directors in the newly launched Nerth
America Insurance Consulting team and senior appointments
to the Wealth Management segment in the UK.

Acquired and integrated the Shoreline business with Alpha’s
Asset & Wealth Management Consulting team and offering

3 Make selective acquisitions
in APAC,

alphafme.com


===== page 26 =====
Annuat Report & Accounts 2024 23

os ertee

ee comeppcmnn

*

Areas of focus

— Continue to evaluate and respond to market demands for

new products and services, as well as add new propositions
that will attract new clients and enable the sale of additional
services to existing clients.

Continue to focus on enhancing cross-selling opportunities
through a collaborative approach across all business teams
and sectors.

Continue to deepen and extend the Group's insurance,
technology ard alternatives capabilities, alongside providing
dedicated software solutions to the asset management
sector through the Aivig business.

Continue to attract and appoint experienced directors in line
with demand, as well as grow our own talent to support and
grow the Group's client proposition further.

Roll out the Group's existing business practices and
complementary offerings progressively acrass all ragions.

Continue to establish new branch in Aou Dhabi, launched
after the year end, ensuring Alpha's value proposition is
accessible to clients locally and in the wider region.

Continued focus in North America where there is stil significant
opportunity to gain further market share through the ongoing
development and roll-out of the Group's service offering.

Continue to build out consulting in insurance, technology and
alternatives capabilities globally, as well as launch into new
markets where there is demand.

Alpna continues to review acquisitions that can complement
organic growth and maintains a healthy acquisition pipeline.

The power

of our people
The best

expertise

Employee insight

At Aipha. we meticulously desian
programme structures and
assemble bespoke delivery
toens the most appropr
talent is in the roa with the
cllent from the outset, and
throughout the delivery,

of engagements,

Getting to know the client, and understanding their asset
class-specitic requirements is at the core of our offering,
leveraging specialist expertise to guarantee a combination
of asking the right questions, providing impactful answers,
and executing on a client's strategic direction.

As part of the Lionpoint team, | service the alternatives
investment client sector. Throughout the lifecyole of a
programme, the experts working on it may evolve, pivoting
as required to the direction of the client's ultimate goat,
Our strength is in the breadth of specialists we have to
deploy across our client base and their varying challenges.
This has been enabled through recruiting at an experienced
level from three core areas:

4. industry ~ coming from investment firrns, from the
Front to Back Offices, bringing knowledge of specific
processes and common pain points.

2. Technology vendors —to compiement the
technology advisory capabilities, this ensures we
have the latest methodologies to hand on targeting
implementation etticiencies,

3, Management consulting - ensuring a fundamental.
core base of quality delivery and transformation
experience across all our projects

These different professionai backgrounds help build a rich
blend of experience, knowledge, and delivery techniques.
Once people are onboarded, Alpha nurtures an envronment
in which all members of teams are encouraged to share
their expartise and learning internally, and to support the
further development of our knowledge base, people and
methodologies. Cross-team collaboration therefore becomes
the key way af working, often unearthing previously unseen
opportunities for our clients, and further enabling organic
growth of our expertise firm wide,

Louis de Watteville
Senior Manager, Lionpaint UK

alphafme.com

@
Fy
3
a
c
2
Fy
3
H
3



===== page 27 =====
24 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report
Key performance indicators

The Board has defined the following xey performance indicators [“KPls*}

These KPIs iink to the Group's growth strategy and are used to monitor
the Group's income statement and performance.

sussed further ir, the Coief Financial Officer's report
on pp 26-30, which forms part of this Strategic Report.

Revenue

The revenue KPI measures how well the Group Fy 20

has expanded its business through organic and ryt
inorganic growth.
FY 20
FY 19

Fy 1a.

Net fee income”®

£233.6m _— ©:

Fy 22

Net fee income is revenue before incidental
expenses and is used as an alternative KP! to FY 2
indicate the underlying productive operating

performance of the Group. FY 20

FYI

FY 1g

Gross profit

£78.3m ne

This KPI helps to measure the profitability of the Wee
Group and the success of the business model. FY2r
FY 20,
FY 19
FY 18

20 Reler to the Chief Financrat Othcar's report end to note 4 of the conscliiated fancial statements for further information cn the adjusted performance measures: net fee ncame,
adjusted EBITDA and adjusted cash generated trorn operations,

alphafmc.com


===== page 28 =====
Adjusted EBITDA

£42.2m

Earnings beiore interest, lax, depreciation,
amortisation and adjusting items is a measure
of the underiying profitability of the Group,

Adjusted cash generated
from operations

£23.6m

Adjusted cash generated from operations retlects
the Group’s underlying operating cash flows,
excluding the mpact of adjusting items.

Headcount

1,000

‘The year-end headcount KPI measures the grawth
in the Group's fee-generating consuitants globally.

FY 28
Fv 2a
FY 22
FY 21
FY20
FY 19
FYI.

BY 24
FY 23
FY 20
FY 21
FY 20
FY 19
FYB

FY 28
FY 28
Fv 22
Fv at
FY 20
Fy-a

FY 18

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 25

alphafme.com

podoy oBeyeyg



===== page 29 =====
26 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

John Paton
Chief Financial Officer

IFRS and alternative performance measures
("APMs")

Arange of results metrics are set out to demonstrate the Group's
performance. These include measures presented on a statutory
basis in accordance with international accounting standards
(‘IFRS’) and APMs, which are provided to allow further
understanding of the underlying performance of the Group across
financial periods. The difference between IFRS and APMs arises
from the adjusting items, as set out in detail in note 4 to the
consolidated financial statements. The APMs presented are not
considered superior to IFRS measures; these should be considered
together for a full understanding of the performance of the Group.
Whilst the Group's APMs may not be comparable across other
companies, thay have been presented consistently over time to
provide meaningful tren information, and there is only limited
change to their composition and definition in FY 24.

The exclusion of adjusting items in the Group's APMs may result in
adjusted profitability being materially higher when compared with
the nearest equivalent stalutcry measures. The Board uses
adjusted profit measures to assess the performance of the Group:
because it considers these measures aid understanding of the
underlying profitability cf the business and allow for comparability
between periods. Nota 4 to the consolidated financial statements
sets out further details of Alpha’s APMs and a full reconciliation to
the relevant statutory measures. These adjusting items decreased
in the year, primarily reflecting a reduced earn-out and deferred
consideration expense and a tower share-based payment charge,
partially offset by some restructuring costs this year.

alphafme.com

valbregans, 7

gin ts OS with s

yer

ing by

As noted above, the Group's share-based payment charge and
related social security taxes are excluded from adjusted profit
measures. This allows for better comparability between periods
given the complexity of the assumptions underlying the caloutation
and the multi-year effect of mid-cycle changes to certain
assumptions being adjusted for on a cumulative basis, sometimes
resulting in material fiuctuations in the charge between periods that
are not reflective of the underlying operational performance of the
business. The charge and related social security taxes are also
subject to external factors, such as the Group's share price, over
which the Directors! have less day-to-day influence compared to
other more directly controllable factors. This approach has been
applied consistently across reporting periods.

The Group will continue to assess the status of this charge as an
adjusting item in the Group’s financial statements, considering the
development of the charge, the Group and its remuneration policies.
fo adjustment was made for the share-based payment charge,
adjusted EBITDA for the year would be £34.8m (FY 23: £38.6m),
and adjusted EBITDA margin would be 14.9% (FY 23: 17.0%). Note
22 to the consolicated financial statements sets out further details of
the employee share-basad payment expense calculation under IFAS 2,


===== page 30 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 27

12 months to 12 months to

31 March 31 March
_ _ 2024 2023 Change
Revenue a £235.6m_ £228.7m 3.0%
Net fee income £233.6m £227.2m 2.8%
Gross profit £78.3m £80.4m (2.6%)
Operating profit: €25-1m, £28.6m. (12.4%)
Adjusted EBITDA £42.2m £46.6m (9.5%)
Adjusted EBITDA margin 18.0% 20.5% (250 bps)
Adjusted profit before tax £38.5m £44.0m (12.5%)
Profit before tax £22.6m £25.8m (12.4%)
Adjusted EPS 24.90p 23.279 14.9%}
Adjusted diluted EPS 23.34p 27.37p (14.7%)
Basic EPS 13.85p 15.82p (12.8%)

Group results

Group performance has been resilient this year, navigating a more
challenging and competitive market backdrop.

Revenue

in a more competitive market environment, the Group performed
resiliently this year with net fee income up by 2.8% compared

to the last financial year, and 4.8% on a constant currency basis,
mostly organically. Revenue also grew 3.0%, including increased
rechargeable expenses, compared to last year.

Overall, the Group's revenue and net fee income growth reflects
ongoing client demand across a slightly larger global consulting
team on average, set against the more competitive environment
and longer sales cycles generally. We were pleased to maintain
consistent consultant day rates overall, albeit at lower than target
average consultant utlisation, particularly during the first half
surnmer months. All our geographic regions delivered net fee
income growth on a constant currency basis in the year, with

an inorganic contribution from the acquisition of Shereline,

‘The Group's largest geographic region. the UK, delivered good
4.7% organic net fee income growth on last year. We continued
to see robust client demand in our established practices, retaming
our market-leading reputation and supporting some of the highest
profile projacts. This included substantial contributions from our
asset and wealth management capabilties in Investments, Operations
and Client & Digital, and UK Alternatives Consulting also delivering
strongly, grawing their headcount by over 20% to 78.

Cc

TECH
2023

Aiviq named in the
“WealthTech Top 100" (2023)

rs veters ca 1

Our newer UK insurance consulting team consolidated its position
this year after strong growth in recent years. The UK ended ths
year with total headcount of 385, down @ in the year including a
‘small recent restructuring process given UK market conditions,
Overall UK consultant utilisation ended the year below target
tigation levels. firming closer to target levels through the first
quarter of FY 25,

Within the UK results, while Aipha's Data and Product Solutions
business, Aivig, delivered flat revenue against last year, it also
recently secured a major, new top-ten global asset management
client, underscoring the market-leading Aivig technology offering,
We are delighted that Aivig’s proposition has been endorsed in
this way alongside recognition from a FinTech Global Wealth Tech
“Top 100" award in the year

In North America, after almost doubling its top line in the previous year,
FY 24 saw a flatter profile with net fee income growing 3.8% on a
constant currency basis and easing 0.6% on a reported basis.
Our Alternative Investments Consulting business, Lionpoint, continued
to trade well enjoying strong client demand and adding 47 new
clients in the region. The North America business expanded its
domestic client base, as well as successfully capturing client
demand through @ number af cross-selling opportunities with its
existing clients, although it experienced some fee rate compression
during the year. Inline with the Group’s selective approach to hiring
in FY 24, headcount in North America increased by 15 consultants
overall, including investing in the launch of our Insurance Consulting
offenng in North America with two senior team hires. North America
witnessed the tougher market conditions earlier than the rest of
the Group and has started FY 25 with the team well deployed,
growing consultant numbers and a strong pipeline of interesting
project opportunities.

omits 0 Ne Bosra: meanwnle “awectors -warS 19 nanGoard aractors wth the snanagement teame 9" the Groue,

alphatme.com

g
g
A
cs
3
2
z
3
Hy
3



===== page 31 =====
28 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Revenue coniinued

Europe & APAC delivered the strongest regional growth in FY 24,
with net fee income increasing by 8.9% on a constant currency
basis and 6.1% overall, Organic net fee income growth was 1.4%,
with some rates progression in Europe, plus the acquisition of
Shoreline in APAC. Europe & APAC headcount remained flat overall,
in line with the Group's selective hiring approach. The Europe &
APAG region has started FY 25 well, with good utilisation being
enjoyed across ali teams.

Given the more challenging market conditions prevalent this
year, the Group adopted a selective hiring approach, focused
on growth areas, and the number of consultants reached 1.000
by the year end (FY 23; 894), Despite a selective approach to
recruitment we remained committed to our well-established
graduate programme, the future talent of the Group, welcoming
anumber of graduates through the year globally.

Group profitability

Group gross profit was £78.3m, £2.1m lower than the prior year
(FY 23; £80.4m). Gross profit margin was 33.5% (FY 23: 35.4%},
and consistent with H1. This primarily reflects reduced average
consultant utilisation in the competitive market envirenment,
alongside consistent day rates on average and increased costs
from selective investment in growing our team while maintaining
a compstitive remuneration package, partly offset by active
management of variable costs given performance. Utilisation
levals were mast affected through the second quarter's summer
months, ticking up through H2, and reaching close to target levels
of 70% to 75% on average globally towards the year end.

The UK business generated £2.0m less gross profit than last year,
at 36.2% gross margin (FY 23: 40.2%), reflecting lower consultant
utilisation levels than target and the previous year, particularly in
the insurance consulting and asset & wealth management teams,
alongside consistent day rates, North America's gross profit is
alse lower than last year by £1.7m, generating 31.3% margin

(FY 23: 32.9%), reflecting good tevels of average consultant
utilisation, some day rate compression in the region given the
competitive market, and a higher cost base accompanying

North America team growth, This includes the establishment

of an insurance consulting team in the region during the year.
Europe & APAC grew gross profit to £17.0m (FY 23: £15.4m),

with an improved margin of 82.7% (FY 23: 31.4%} reflecting good
average consultant day rate progression in Europe, partly offset
by an easing in utilisation, particularly in APAC. The North America
gross margin saw the greatest currency headwind in the Group
On a constant currency basis, North America's gross margin
would be broadly flat with the prior year.

Adjusted administration expenses, as detailed in note 4,
increased by £2.3m to £36.1m in the year (FY 23: £33.87).

This increase mainly reflects investment in the Group's central
team in the second half of the prior year and increased overall
spend supporting the larger average consultant headcount base
including further office space and IT licences, partially offset by
lower recruitment spend in the year.

aiphafme.com

as A resilient <

through aware challengirg
markal ane

rorment.!

Including the adjusting items, which decreased against the
prior year, administration expenses increased overall to 253.2m
(FY 23: £51.7m} on a statutory basis, The adjusting items, set
out in note 4, decreased in the year to £14.3m (FY 23: £15.8m),
reflecting decreased eamn-out and deferred consideration
charges, share-based payment charges and intangible asset
amortisation, partially offset by redundanoy-related restructuring
costs in the year.

The lower earn-out and deferred consideration charge of £1.1m
(FY 23: £2.5m), reflects payments in the year and last year's net
fair value increase in acquisition liabilities held. Further details on
the earn-out and deferred consideration charges are set out in
note 13. The shars-based payment charge also reduced to £7.3m
(FY 23: £8,0m), having updated the inpul assumptions to reflect
FY 24's lower performance, Alpha’s lower share price and share
option vests in the period. Further details of the share-based
payment charge and sensitivity analysis are set out in notes 4
and 22,

This year, the Group incurred 0.9m of restructuring costs,
ralating to the exit fees and costs involved in a small UK
redundancy process. Acquisition and integration costs were
£0.8m (FY 23: £0.3m) as the Shoreline team was successfully
integrated into the Group during the first half. Tha acquired
intangibles amortisation charge decreased against the prior year,
reflecting some fully amortised intangibles, partly offset by the
newly acquired Shoreline intangibles. Further deteil of these
adjusting items is set out in note 4,

The depreciation charge grew to £2.8m (FY 23: £1.9m), reflecting
increased depreciation on a higher lease right-ol-use asset. The
amortisation of capitalised development costs was nil {FY 23: £0.2m7)
as the asset became fully amortised in the prior year.

Adjusted EBITDA was £42.2m (FY 23: £46.6m) and adjusted
EBITDA margin was 18.0% (FY 23: 20.5%}, reflecting both the
lower gross profit and the higher adjusted administration
expenses. If no adjustment was made for the share-based
payment charge, adjusted EBITDA for the period would oe
£34,8m (FY 23: 38.6) and adjusted EBITDA margin would be
14.9% (FY 23: 17.0%). Operating profit was £25.1m (FY 23: £28.6m}
alter also charging increased depreciation,


===== page 32 =====
Currency

Currency translation was a headwind on net fee income and
orofits during the year, carticularly in North America, Ia the
year, pound sterling averaged USD 1.26 FY 23; USD 1.21) and
CAD 1.66 (FY 23: CAD 1.59), which, with some other smaller
currency movements, resulted in an unfavourable net currency
affect on net fee income of £4.4m and on gross profit of 81.3m
On a constant currency basis, North America net fee income
would have grown 3.8% and Europe & APAC net fee income
would have grown 6.9%.

Overall, the Group's net fee income would have grown 4.8% to
£238.0m on this constant currency basis. Simrilarly, the Group's
gross profit would have been £79,6m and would have reduced
0.9% on a constant currency basis,

Net finance expenses

Net finance expenses fell slightly to £2.5m (FY 23: £2.91).
primarily reflecting reduced non-underlying finance expenses
relating to acquisition consideration discount unwinding, which
decreased given acquisition-related payments in the period, as
set out in note 13. This reduction was partially offset by increased
underlying interest expanses retlecting refinancing fees on enlarging
the Group's revolving credit facility (“ACF”) and interest on
periodic ROF drawings, plus adcitional lease costs.

Adjusted profit before tax was £38.5m (FY 23; £44.0m) after
charging increased depreciation and net undertying finance
expenses. Statutory pre-tax profit was £22.6m (FY 23: £25.8m)
The larger decrease in adjusted profits as compared to statutory
profits is driven by the lower level of adjusting items and
non-underlying finance costs.

Taxation

The Group's taxation charge for the year was £6.7m (FY 23: £7.8m},
reflecting the lower taxable profits and the blended tax rate of the
increasingly international jurisdictions in which the Group operates,
a8 set out in note 8. The Group's casfi tax payment in the year
was £7.6m (FY 23: £13.3m), reflecting increased prior year
payments as the Group moved to a quarterly tax payment cycle
in North America that year.

For further taxation details, see notes 8 and $ to the consolidated
financial statements. Adjusted profit after tax is shown after
adjustments for the applicable tax on adjusting items as set out
in note 4.

Earnings per share

Adjusted earnings per share ("EPS") was 24.90p per share

(FY 23: 29,27) and agjusted diluted EPS was 23.34p (FY 23:
27.370}, reflecting the adjusted profit after tax and the increased
number of weighted average shares, which increased as a result
‘of share option exercises in the current and prior periods, partly
offset by the Group's purchase of shares into Alpha’s employee
benefit trust EBT"). After including the adjusting items, baste
earings per share was 13.85p (FY 23: 15.820), while diluted EPS
was 12.98p (FY 23: 14.79p), after including the dilutive effect of
the share options awards outstanding.

Annuai Report & Accounts 2624 29

As at 31 March 2024, 11,227,844 share options (FY 23: 9,996,040}
remained outstancing, with FY 24 grants partly offset by some
share options exercised and forieited in the year. See note 22 for
further detail.

Cash flow and net funds

Cash generated from operations was £20.4m (FY 23: £43.9m)
and, after adjusting for employment-linked acquisition payments,
acquisition. integration and restructuring costs, was £23.6m

FY 23: £46,210).

Underlying working capital remains well managed, with debtor
ays within the typical range, albeit higher than the previous year.
The overall operating cash generation in FY 24 primarily reflects
protit share bonus payments relating to prior years, and thei relative
size compared ta the Group's profitability this yaar. These bonus
payments include both the payment of FY 23 profit share and the
second tranche of deferred FY 22 bonus payments, These payments
alongside the lower performance-agjusted bonus acoruals in FY
24 result in an increased movement in working capital in the year.
Adjusted cash conversion is similary affected and was 80%

(FY 23: 104). We refined the definitions of adjusted cash
generated ‘rom operations and adjusted cash conversion in

FY 24 to exclude tax paid in the year, to allow for consistency

in the calculation to exclude tax from both profits and operating
cash flows in line with comparable companies, as detailed in

note 4, Given the weightings and timings of bonus payments,

we expect adjusted cash generated from operations and adjusted
cash conversion to return to more normal levels in FY 25.

Ouring FY 24, the Group mace payments of £17.0m relating to
deferred and contingent acquisition consideration principally as
regards Lionpoint, including £1.8m of employment linked
amounts. Please see note 18 for further detaiis,

The Group also provided £3.8m of funding to Alpha's employee
benefit trust (“EBT”) to purchase 1,035,154 shares at the prevailing
market share price, to hold for the satisfaction ot future award
vests. Alpha will likely fund the EBT further in the future to build
the shares held in the EBT for the satisfaction of future share
option exercises.

Net interest paid was £1.3m (FY 23: £0.5m, reflecting the higher
cost of maintaining and periodically drawing the Group's enlarged
RGF to manage the Group's ongoing currency requirements and
RCF refinancing fees paid, partially offset by interest income from
cash balances held.

The Group also capitalised expenditure of £0.3m in relation to
the development of enhancements to Aiviq's client data and
analytics software,

Dividends paid increased to £16.2m (FY 23; £12.Emi, reflecting
the Group's dividend policy and a consistent FY 24 interim
dividend payment.

At the year end, the Group's cash position was £20.4m

(FY 23, £59.21}. During the year, the Group refinanced and
upscaled its RCF to a £50,0m ‘facility ta provide additional
liquidity, ang alongside the net cash position, provides Alpha
further flexibility

alphafme.com

g
a
3
cs
3
>
Fi
3
8



===== page 33 =====
30 Annuai Report & Accounts 2024

Statement of financial position

The Group's net assets at 31 March 2024 totaled £148.5m

(FY 23; £149.3m), This movement principally arises from the
retained profits net of dividends and other reserves movernents
including additional share-basec payment reserves, offset by
foreign exchange losses on overseas assets. The Group
continues to maintain a strong financial position.

The Group's non-current assets movement principally results
from ongoing amortisation and depreciation charges on intangible
assets and right-of use assets on leases, partly offset by goodwill
and intangibles added as part of the Shoreline acquisition.

Working capital remains well managed. Trade and other
receivables balances increased in FY 24 through the ongoing
growth in the business. Debtor collections continued to be strong,
albeit with debtor days increasing on the previous year’s strong
collections and closing balance.

Trade and other payables balances decreased, principally
representing lower performance-adjusted bonus accruals and
acquisition liabilities. The decrease in acquisition-related deferred
consideration and earn-out liabilities reflects Lionpoint deferred
and contingent consideration payments, partially offset by
employmentlinked consideration as well as the unwinding of
discounting in the year, as disclosed in nete 13.

As at 31 March 2024, the Company had 122,009,736 ordinary
shares in issue (FY 23: 120,509,736), of which no shares were
held in treasury and 7,537,366 shares were held in the Company's
EBT lu satisfy fulure Uplion exeivises (Y 20, 6,274,060).

Dividends

In view of the recommended cash offer to acquire Alpha by Bidco,
anewly incorporated indirect subsidiary of certain funds managed
by Bridgepoint, the Board is nat recommending a final dividend,

If the acquisition does not complete, itis expected that the Board

would ceclare a final dividend in respect of FY 24 at a later date.

Risk management and the year ahead

The Group's risk management approach includes reguiar
monitoring of macro-economic and end-market conditions and
assessing the potential impacts across all business areas. in the
risk management framework, which was reviewed during the
year, the senior leadership team, including the Chief Executive
Officer and me as Chief Financial Officer, has primary responsibility
for keeping abreast of devalooments that may affect the implementation
of the Group’s strategy and financial performance. This entails
identifying and agreeing the appropriate mitigating actions that
should be taken and ensuring, as far as possible, that those
actions are then executed by the senior management team.

The Board as a whole oversees risk and, within that framework,
considers the material risks that the Group faces and agrees

cn the principal risks and uncertainties. Aipha has a set of core
Company values, which are embedded globally, that reflect the
Group’s ethical and responsible approach to operating and
managing the business.

alphatme.com

Alpha has navigated well through this more challenging year.
While closely monitoring the ongoing market rebalancing, Aloha
continues to enjoy a strong gipeline of new business opportunities
and incrementally improving current trading. The structural drivers
in the sectors in which we operate, which drive ongoing demand
for Alpha’s services, remain prevalent. We are confident in the
quality of our people, our excellent market reputation, and business
opportunities to extend the service offering, and therefore the
Board looks forward to further progress anead.

The Board has considered all of the above factors in its review
of going concern and has been able to conclude the review
positively. While cognisant of potential macro-economic risks
and the more compatitive environment, the Group's talented
people, widening range of service offerings and international
footprint, together with the long-term structural drivers, position
the Group well.

Summary and current trading

In a more competitive market environment with a longer sales
cycie, the Group performed resiliently in the year. The Group has
grown net fee income, while maintaining consistent consultant
day rates.

While the global consulting market continues to rebalance

and present some challenges, a more positive market sentiment
is returning, with improving sales wins over recent months.
Utilisation rates ticked up in the final quarter of FY 24, close

to target levels overall, maintaining this level into the early part
of FY 25.

We are very confident in the quality of our people, our excellent
market reputation, and business opportunities to extend the
service offering for our clients further. Accordingly, the Group
remains well positioned for the future

John Paton
Chief Financial Officer

Pu 4



===== page 34 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 31

Section 172 statement

Under Section M725 of the

Cormpanies Sct 2006 arector
of accompany cist
way that they cons
fahth would be most
promote the s.
company far the bane
mambaers as
doing so have

otoer

The likely consequence of
any decision in the long term.

g
3
s
€
3
2
3
3
3
3

2 AOE, ANT The interests of the
gard famacdst company’s employees.

tiera. Lo

The need to foster the company’s
business relationships with suppliers,
customers and others.

The impact of the company’s operations
on the community and the environment.

The desirability of the company maintaining
a reputation for high standards
of business conduct.

The need to act fairly between
members of the company.

The following disclosure describes how the Directors have had regard to the
matiers set out in Section 172(1)(a) to (f} and forms the Directors’ statement
under Section 414CZA of the Companies Act 2006.

The Directors remain committed to engaging with the Group’s stakeholders
and considering their interests when making strategic decisions.

aiphatme.com



===== page 35 =====
32 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Key Board decisions during the year
The Board considers the following to be the key decisions and considerations that it has made during the year to 31 Maren 2024:

Board decision Consideratians

The Board formally approved the appointment — To provide effective executive leadershio that will ensure the
of Luc Baqué as Chief Executive Officer on sustainable, long-term success of the Group.

1 April 2023.

The Directors approved the acquisition of ~ To support the long-term growth and success of the Group
Shorsline (see pp 132-133 for details). by incorporating Shoreline’s complementary client base,

employee skill sets and capabilities.

— Te enabie the Group to take advantage of opportunities in
APAC and provide a piatform for further growth in this region.

~ To broaden the range of services and expertise the Group
provides is clients and maintain is postion as a market leader.

The Board reviewed and approved the = To provide transparent and accurate information to the market,

FY 23 Full Year Results and the Annual Report

and Accounts.

‘The Board considered and agreed to — To address the interests of shareholders in the context of

recommend a final dividend of 10.50p for FY 23. the long term while maintaining the Group's policy of paying
approximately 50% of adiusted profits,

The Board appointed the Group's first in-house To further strengthen the Group's corporate governance

‘Company Secretary. framework, thereby safeguarding the interests of

shareholders and other stakeholders.

The Board approved the grant of FY 24 equity — To reward and incentivise the management of the Group
incentive awards to management and certain and ensure the alignment of interests between employees
emptoyees of the Group.

Juty

The Board approved the exercise of options —To reward and incentivise the managamant and employees
that had vested under the management of the Group and ensure the alignment of interests betwean
incentive plan and employee incentive plan to employees and shareholders.
management and certain empioyees of tne

Group, together with the purchase of the

Company's own shares by the employee

benefit trust to satisfy the exercise of share

options awards.

The Board undertook a scenario planning Te ensure the accuracy of forecast performance and consider
exercise to review the FY 24 forecast against potential outcomes against a range of market conditions.
prevailing market conditions.

The Board considered and approved the FY 24 — To provide transparent, accurate and timely information to
interim pre-close trading update to the market, the market,

alphafme.com


===== page 36 =====
Annuai Report & Accounts 2024 33

Board decision Gonsiderations

To provide transparent and accurate information to the

market and to acldrass the interests of shareholders in the
context of the long term while maintaining appropriate levels
of reserves to run the business effectively.

Code and agreed steps to ensure comoliance

The Board reviewed and approved the FY 24
Interim Report and payment of the FY 24
interim givideng of 3,70p to shareho'ders.

‘The Board reviewed the provisions of the newly
published 2024 QCA Corporate Governance
with fs recommendations from 1 Apri! 2024.

To ensure that the Group's governance mechanisms reflect
best practice, taking inte consideration the interests and evolving
expectations of its shareholders and broader stakeholders.

January The Board approved the exercise of options
that had vested under the management
incentive pian and employee incentive plan
for management and certain employees of
the Group.

‘To reward and incentivise the management and employees
of the Group and ensure the alignment of interests between
employees and shareholders.

The Board considered and approved the
release of a Trading Update to communicate

an update to FY 24 performance expectations.

~ To agree on actions relating to revised profit expectations.

To provide transparent, accurate and timely information to
the market.

in accordance with the Remuneration
Committee's recommendations, the Board
undertook to consult with major shareholders
‘on proposed updates to the Remuneration
Policy for Executive Directors, to take effect
‘on 1 April 2024,

‘To ensure that remuneration arrangements evolved in line
with market practice and investors’ expectations.

To provide a remuneration structure that will enable share
option dilution levels to be reduced over time,

At each meeting, the Chief Executive Officer updated the Beard on the Group's businesses, geographies and progress on key client

relationshios and engagements.

Further details on the Group's strategy and long-term decisions are set out is the Chairman's report on pp 9-11, the Chief Executive

Olficer's report on pp 12-45 and in the strategy section on po 22-23.

g
8
3
a
@
>
3
3
3
a



===== page 37 =====
34 Annuai Report & Accounts 2024

Engagement with
key stakeholders

The Board considers its key
stakeholders to be its employees,
shareholders, clients and the
communities in which it operates.
The Board also recognises other
stakeholder groups including
vendors and suppliers, industry
bodies and competitors with
which Alpha works or associates
in the marketplace. Engaging
effectively with these stakeholders
‘strengthens the Group’s business.
relationships and decision making
and, therefore, supports its
long-term success.

alphafme.com

Shareholders

& Attracting, retaining and developing The Group prioritises open
the best tatent is essential to Alpha’s communication and effective
5 business success. The Group is engagement with its shareholders,
committed to providing a highly whose support is integral to long-term
2 rewarding workplace and maintaining growth and success,
a strong, meritocratic, and inclusive
culture that recognises the
importance of our people and
encourages open communication.
2 Career progression. Financial performance
$ , luding share price
— Recogniti ne
2 ecognition. serformance and dividends.
= — Training and development.
g vet -- Governance and transparency.
3 — Morale and motivation ‘
3 — Operating and financial information.
2 — Engagement and feedback.
3 ° -- Confidence and trust in the
& — ~ Reputation Group's Directors.
— Wellbeing. Transparency and
— Health and safety, appropriateness of Executive
— Diversity and inclusion, Director remuneration structures.
— Sustainability
8 Globai employee — Dadicated investor section on the
ES feedback framework. website and AIM Rule 26 disclosures.
3 — Leadership communications. — Investor strategy updates.
3 — Monthly Company meetings. — Capital markets days,
2

— Competitive remuneration package.

— Professional qualification and other
training opportunities.

— Employee success framework.
— Mentoring.
— Management incentive programme.

— Diversity & inclusion programme
and netwarks.

— CSR networks.

Interim and preliminary
rasuits announcements.

— One-to-one meetings
with investors,

— Investor conferences/roadshows.

Annual Report, including cetalls
of how the Quoted Companies
Alliance Corporate Governance
Code has been applied.

— Annual General Meeting, including
a voluntary vote on the re-election
of all Directors each year.

~ During April 2024, the Group
consulted with major shareholders
on updates to the Remuneration
Policy (see pp 86-91 for details). It
is also intended that a shareholder
vote on remuneration will be
introduced at the 2025 AGM



===== page 38 =====
The Group's success is based on delivering a
proposition that helps its clients address their
challenges and capitalise on their opportunities.
Tha Group works hard at developing and sustaining
long-term ciient relationships, which it supports
through its global team of consultants and by
extending the range of services it offers and the
types of projects it carries out.

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 35

The Group 's a growing, profitable business committed to fostering the
same growth and success within the communities in which it operates,
including supporting relevant or active organisations in those communities,
As part of this engagement, the Group also considers its corporate
responsibility and now to maxirnise the positive environmental and social
impacts of its actvities, and to minimise tne downsides, giving a solid
baseline for developing relevant action plans and targets

— Specialist industry proposition.
— Integrated end-to-end service offering.
- Excellent service delivery.

— Continuous development of practices,
products and services,

— Subject matter expertise,
- Emphasis on client satisfaction.

— Ability and experience to help clients shape.
their business for the future.

Effective and transparent engagement with local communities.
— Available ESG reporting and disclosures.

- Working closely with charities, corporate social responsibilty (CSR”)
partners and other organisations.

— Contributing to awareness of diversity, inclusion and other
sustainability related topics.

— Taking effective action on climate change.

Pursuing a positive impact on focal and global environments.

- Senior level client relationship management.
— Continuous client satisfaction monitoring.

Regular assessment of client demand
and interesis.

— Industry round table discussions.

— Dialogue with vendors, regulators and
industry bodies.

— Publication of market and industry insights.

~ Alpha Outlock whitepapers and
thought leadership.

Diversity and inclusion networks and initiatives, developing and
empowering Alpha’s people with shared knowledge, toolkits.
and training.

— Work on climate change and carbon offsetting

— ESG reparting including the Sustainability Accounting Standards
Board and the recommendations of the Task Force or Climate-related
Financial Disclosures.

The Group's Sustainability Report and relevant sections within the
Annual Report.

Energy usage and emissions reporting,
— Charity of the Year programme.

— Taking appropriate steps where regulations are introduced by
establishing new policies.

— Madern Slavery Statement and Living Wage accreditation.

Tax evasion and anti-bribery policies, suaportad by
whistlebfowing policy.

— C&R schemes and initiatives. including mentoring schemes for
young people from lower socioeconomic backgrounds and
team-coordinated fundraising for chantties.

alphatme.com

g
g
z
3
o
z
Fi

3

3

Ey



===== page 39 =====
36 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Report

cut pecola

We strive to provide the best service and deliver exceptional client
results. Qur highly talented people enable us to do this as they
deliver complex, transformative and strategically impertant projects
for aur clients. Alpha is therefore committed to attracting,
retaining and developing the best team in the industry.

We want the years that our people spend working at Alpha to be
the best of their career, and we believe that providing a positive
and inspiring work environment will halp to foster a high-performance
culture that delivers exceptional outcomes for clients, as well as
great professional and personal fulfiiment for our employees.

What we offer

‘The talented graduates and experienced consultants who join
Alpha benefit from our distinctive and highly attractive proposition,

uill on: integrity

A strong corporate culture that places people at the heart
of the business;

Our reputation as the leading consultancy in the sectors

in which we operate; Responsible

— Opportunities to gain invaluable experience by working in small
teams on high-profile, industry-defining projects,

Comprehensive training, development and feedback to build
consulting skilis and specialist knowledge;
Collaborative

Career progression based on merit, with no fixed period
at any level;

Recognition of talent on an individual level, while encouraging
and celebrating success at a team level;

An open and inclusive environment with a strong employee
support framework for peopie of all levels and backgrounds;

Proactive

An entrepreneurial environment where ideas to develop our
business are welcomed;

A highly competitive cornpensation package, including
benefits and participation in the Group's profit-sharing or
cash bonus schemes; and

Accountability

— Management incentives that celebiale success and recognise
contributions to Group performance.

aiphatme.com

Our core values define who we are both
as a company and as professionals

We provide deep expertise
in our specialist areas

We provide a meritocratic, sociable
and supportive environment - we
want to be recognised as the best
place to work in our industry, with
personal career progression

based on transparent and
meritocratic considerations

Everything we do is defined by
integrity - we hold ourselves to the
highest standards of transparency,
honesty and personal integrity

We are sociatly and
ethically responsible

We pride ourselves on working
collaboratively with our clients

We are proactive - we use our
extensive personal and corporate
experience to find solutions

We take accountability for
delivery - we own and take
responsibility for outcomes


===== page 40 =====
Emphasis on culture and inclusion

Alpha puts people at the heart of the business, so that they feel
‘engaged and empewored to drive success, both at an individual
and team level. We take enormous pride in creating and fostering
af environment where everyone can thrive.

To ensure this, we base our corporate culture on integrity, fairness
and meritocracy and our people management frameworks favour
inclusion, sociability and support. We believe this is a key reason
why we have lower staff attrition rates than many af cur peers,
with many of our feam having been at Alpha for 10 years or longer.
We are proud to be a company where peonie fee! they can grow.

Focus on diversity and inctusion

Championing diversity and equity and fostering an inclusive
culture at all levels are key elements of our approach to tooking
alter our people. We operate several amplayee-managed networks
globally that champion ethnic and cultural diversity. social mobility,
gender equality. weilosing, disability confidence — including our
accreditation ag a Disability Confident Level 2 employer - and
pride LGBTQ»)

We are committed to ensuring that our people, structures and culture
work together te improve diversity and inclusion at all lavelg of the
organisation, particularly at senior levels, where decision making
is concentrated and representation is vital, More information can
be found about this in the Sustamablé Business section on p. 44.

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 37

The power
of our people

Alpina invests in our people
through three key areas,
mentorship, training

opporturities and providing

diverse expertences,

We aim to provide a supportive environment of senior
mentors and professional coaches, as well as enable
upwards feedback to ensure every employee is given the
opportunity to thrive and grow. We also provide training
at every level upon promotion in addition to hands-on.
training throughout the year. Furthermore, we ensure our
‘ising talent has a diverse sot of client experiences to well
round their consulting and technical skils.

Alpha's consultants demonstrate a wide variety of qualities
and values that adds to the effectiveness and collaborative
nature of our teams. Our consultants provide deep expertise
in Alpha’s specialist areas and take accountabilty for delivery
through ownership over client outcomes. Their work is
defined by integrity and held to the highest standards of
transparency and honesty. Alpha consultants are proactive,
and use their extensive personal and corporate experience
to find the best solutions for clients.

tn order to continus to foster a meritocratic approach to
talent, Alpha maintains a relatively fiat hierarchy, ensuring
all consultants have access to senior leadership to provide
them with the support they need to succeed, Great ideas
are encouraged and recognised across lavels. Many of
our best ideas have come from a consultant proactively
bringing an idea to life and collaborating with colleagues
to make it a success.

Natalie McIntyre
Technology Consulting Lead.

Asset 5 Wealth Management Consulting
North America

atphatme.com

g
FS
3
é
o
z
FY
3
3
a



===== page 41 =====
A strong record of recruitment and retention

Alpha is sought after as an employer thanks to its excellent
reputation, positive and collaborative culture, prestigious clent and attracting *
relationships and increasing range of opportunities that our itis at
strategy provides ambitious professionals. in hiting, we look for

extremely talented individuals frorn all backgrounds who show that we carn retires ray
sirong commitment and the desire to succeed, and we review ico the be
cur recruitment processes continually to ensure that they are rn oo
thorough and effective and integrate civersity considerations taientin the +

at every stage.

ght peo

Once on board, our employees are provided with the specialist
knowledge, support and training that they need to thrive. At Alpha
we are committed to providing a high-quality enboarding experience
for new employees. We ensure that new employees are quickly
ailocated a mentor who will weicome them to the firm and
support them with their professional development.



===== page 42 =====
For us, itis important that new employees feel part of the Alpha
community from the start, Cur efforts to ensure an excellent working,
environment, exciting opportunities for career development and
highly competitive compensation packages have been critical
factors in the Group's growth over the last years, alongside
maintaining strong retention for our industry.

Creating a social and supportive environment

Alpha organises oversight and support for its people through a
number of coordinated functions: HR, Recruitment & Learning,
Responsioie Business and management members who are
responsible for diversity, people and talent locally. The teams
are organised by regions and individual teams as appropriate,
allowing for a highly agite, efficient and connected network of
support far all our people.

We strive for Alpha to provide as inciusive, sociable. and supportive
an environment as possible. Our management teams, sccial
teams, HR teams and other groups regularly work on ideas and
opportunities to bring together Alpha as a community. We aiso
review Alpha’s social agendas to ensure activities are attractive

to all our employees, arid we encourage our people to get involved
in making these plans and arrangements so thet diferent
viewpoints and interests can be captured.

A key focus of the corporate teams, including HR and Recruitment,
is to support the business as we grow geographically across differant
sectors. {n the past year, this has included successtul implementation
of a new, leading HR information system and the development of
HR frameworks for different career paths, as the Group grows.
and continues to broaden its client proposition globally,

Learning and development
We have training programmes extanding across all grades, from
analyst to director, who receive high-quality training and upskilling
on valuatie topics for their rales. Examples include unskilling on
content knowledge, presentation skills, people management,
sales and delivery excellence.

All employees are aiso encouraged te take a proactive approach
to their career development. The Group providas access to
Linkedin Learning for all employees, meaning they are able te
supplement their professional development, and further develop
their skilsets across a number of topics, such as communication,
presentation, technology and problem solving skis. Furthermore,
relevant formal certifications are encouraged to support the
development of individual career paths and corporate expertise.

Alongside these formal training initiatives. we ensure that
employees gain unique knowledge and practical experience by
working alongside more experienced colleagues and attending
meetings with some of our ciient organisations' most senior and
influential osople. We also offer secondments and permanent
moves between geographies and consulting practices, which
provides our pecple with a possible range of wider experiences
and development opportunities within the Aloha business.

Annual Report & Accounts 2024.39

Career progression
Woe are proud to be a Group where people recognise future
opportunities and feel they can grow, Alpha has a meritocratic
approach to career progression where our consultants have the
opportunity to progress based on their performance, We do not
subscribe to a “fixed time” at each level.

We believe the ability to take on responsibilities early, receive
mentoring and oversight from experienced consultants, alongside
relevant development and training pians, allows for repid progression
and is essentiat in attracting the mast talented consultants to join
us. Many of our current director team joined Alpha as graduates
or early in their carsers, meaning our senior team has & deep
undersianding of the organisation and culture, while providing
continuity to employees.

External benchmarking confirms that the average time to
progress from graduate 10 director is significantly less than cur
peers. This is aided by our belt in promoting from within where
possible and identitying opportunities tor stat at all leveis of the
Group, These factors help us stand out from our competitors and
enable us (0 attract top-quality talent,

Recognising that everyone's career path is individual, we place
great importance on mentoring and feedback, Mentors help to
guide development throughout the year, alongside mio-year and
annual performance reviews and regular feedback touchpoints
with project leads. As part of a now HA information system
rollout in FY 24, we have implemented a feedback mechanism
that allows 360-degrae feedback at any ume.

Employee communications and feedback

We use a range of channels to facilitate employee communication,
collaboration and engagement. Each regional team has regular
company meetings to update on key business topies and provide
the opportunity for Q&A. The senior management team, including
the CEO, uses internal communication channels to celebrate
successes and provide updates in important areas; recent topics
have included diversity and inclusion and the announcement of
Alpha's first oubiic diversity target.

Wo take time to understand the team’s sentiment about life at
Aipha and identify strengths and areas for focus. As such, we aise
provide a range of anonymised channels to facilitate employee
engagement including an annual anonymous feedback survey.
Employee feedback has led fo many new initiatives that include
changes to internal policies, communication formats and technology
improvements. This year, we have introduced the employee net
promoter score eNPS") to enhance our insight. While this is 2
new concept for all members of the Group, with which we wil
need time to familiarise, we were very pleased with a first NPS
rating of good’.

alphatme.com

g
3
5
cs
a
2
Fi
3
3
5



===== page 43 =====
40 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Su ategic Report
Sustainable business

At Alpha, our dedication to
sustainable business practices ts
integrated across our operations.
yeflecting our commitment to iong-
term success and positive srakehoider
outcomes. Over the cast yaar, we

have made progress in the Group's
environmental. social, and governance
{ESG”) agenda, including rateasing
our first Sustainability Report. which
details this. Looking ahead, we have
defined a number of ambitions to
continue our positive momentum.

Ei visit us ontine to see our Sustainability Report

alphatme.cor

Alongside our internal efforts, Alpha's ESG & Responsible
Investment practice is a core and growing part of the work we
do with clients. Gur consulting teams actively advise on ESG
within the investment community, across the asset and wealth
management, alternatives and insurance sectors. These teams
employ distinct approaches te navigate ESG demands, for
example supporting financial services organisations in defining
their ESG and responsible investment strategies, in adapting to
regulatory changes and leveraging technology and data
management approaches in managing ESG commitments.

We hope that our sustainability efforts continue to build trust
across our diverse stakehoider groups, including investors,
clients, employees, and industry bodies.

Hightights from the year
There have besn a number of key developments across
the Alpha Group in identifying and progressing ESG goals.
This year we:

~ Conducted a materiality assessment and developed
‘our ESG roadmap, involving analysis of the needs of a
wide range of our stakeholders and assessment of
benchmarking cata from the AIM ESG specialist
third-party consultancy, Addidat,

Set our first Group diversity target for women and nonbinary
employees in our glabal director team (25% in five years}:

Conducted our first UX Gender Pay Gap disclosure:

~ Became a member of the UN Guiding Principles
reporting framework;

Continued to deepen and refine our emissions reporting
under SECR, working closely with Normative: 2
partnership now in its second year;

— Released our first standalone Sustainability Report;

— Produced our first Task Force on Climate-related Financial
Disclosures report;

- Increased the level of our annual Carbon Disclosure
Project reporting;

Conducted Energy Saving Opportunity Scheme reporting
in the UK; and

~ Made our first voluntary submission to the UN Global
Compact demonstrating how we integrate the global
leacling responsible business principles into our operations.


===== page 44 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 4

This year we have focused on ensuring our governance
frameworks anc policies are a continuing strength for Alpha,
including maintaining robust oversight and proper business
practices; an increasing area of interest with our stakeholders.

We continually scan the regulatory horizon and assess the
Group's exposure to and appetite for risk, which may result in
the development of new policies and processes, or updates to
existing policies and processes. Further information on Alpha’s
risk management framework is detailed in the Risk Management
section of the Strategic Report on op 52-86,

This year, we have combined our policies into a newly createct
and publicly available Corporate Compliance Manual.

Compliance with these policies by all employees is supported
by our policies and adherence framework.

Alpha’s policies and adherence framework

The framework ensures thal our operations meet the stringent requirements expected of a public company, that we adhere to the
highest ethical standards, and that aur policies are easily accessible and complied with by all Alpha staff.

Relevant Employee Policies

Effective adherence to policies
comes from an understanding of their
practical mpications and impertance.
Alpha’s extensive employee policies
and guidelines clearly define expected
behaviours and procedures, To
support this, any new joiner must
reac core policies as part of
‘onboarding and employees more
broadly must acknowledge any
updated policies systematicaly

Terms of Employment

Alpha’s employment agreements and
contracts includ relevant and rigorous
clauses both to enforce confidentiality,
and to require all pacale to comply
with tne Group's pelicies and
procedures. These terms are
fundamental to empioyment practices,

Communication — o

We send annual reminders te our team on the impgrtance of traning
and attestation of key policies, Communications are also sent dunng the
year if there are new eokcies or pokey components. Alpha wil also use
communication channels to highlight any praclical examnpies of when a
Policy 1s relevant or has appiied.

2UOu' Curporars Comoiarce Manual ncudes Ine follming pole es antebribar. art
Cor pier Cama) Finances Act anii‘aciltaton of lax avodarice, Morlem Slavery
Statement sistenlowng p> ty. sanctions p3icy, WNPL srare-ceang asics cor als
of novost are auteian Easiness mtarasts nity. equly dsarsity and we! SiO ey
fonnianion secuny ackes, business coninunty Pale, 31.94 ae, Cy

——__. — Mandatory Training Components

All employees complete annual taining
‘on policies where there is a reguiatory
angle or where we determine a
significant level of potential risk tO

our business or business functions.
Training includes reinforcing the
‘components of the palicy. esting
individuals on their understanding,

and capturing attestation.

tory
Training
component:

Values and Culture

(Our comperate values (226 p. 36) ara
underpinned by integrity. colaboration
and responsiblity. We moniter those
alinoutes through relevant core
‘competencies in our success
frameworks, which are assessed
annualy. Acting with mtegnty and
sorporate atzenship are of nigh
importance and they encompass
compliance wih company policies
ana those of our clients,

The external
transparency of our
policies is also a key focus
and we have published the
Corporate Compliance
Manual on the
Alpha website.

viphatme.com

2
Ff
Ey
a
a
a
ry
B
3
=



===== page 45 =====
42 Annuat Report & Accounts 2024

Bona

BOR

Strong governance continued

Corporate Governance Code

As in previous years, Alpha continues to align with the QCA Code,
reflecting our dedication to maintaining the highest standards of
corporate conduct. In 2023 the Code was updated, and the first
disclosures in line with this are required in 2025, The Group has
taken proactive steps to ensure that it complies with these new
principles for the financial year beginning 1 April 2024

‘The corporate governance report on pp 70-76 sets out further
information about the Group's governance framework and how
the Board complies with the principles of the QCA Code.

Information and cybersecurity

Alpha remains committed to maintaining a secure operational
environment, which is crucial for protecting our business,
investors, employees, and clients from the threat of cyher-attacks
and data breaches. As part of this ongoing commitment, we
ensure that cybersecurity and information security form a
fundamental part of operations, management responsibilities
and oversight discussions. We recognise that while technology
and specialist third parties form the backbone of our
cybersecurity measures, our staff will often represent the first
line of defence. We have a number of security pillars in place
to ensure that they ara adequately prepared in identifying and
responding to any cyber, information or data security threats.
We conduct simulated phishing exercises at least quarterly:
we mandate arinual training and attestation on Alpha’s data
handling policy; we ensure that information security policies
and support contacts are accessible; and we conduct ad hoc
training on cybersecurity hot topics as appropriate.

This training and testing forms part of our broader cybersecurity
approach that is managed by Alpha's Head of fT, supported

by an Information Security lead, Executive oversight for the
security framework comes from the Group's Managing Directer.
This framework includes:

— Comprehensive suite of information security policies and
procedural controls, based upon best practices from NIST
framework. Policies are reviewed annually and disclosed
publicly in the Corporate Compiiance Manual on our website;

— Third-party securities operations centre {"SOC’) that
monitors the network 24/7 for suspicious activity or
anomalous behaviour that could pose a threat to the Group;

— Regular promotion of good cyber hygiene across the global
Alpha workforce with annua! mandatory ‘sarning, testing,
regular training campaigns and assessments;

alphafme.com

Board diversity

As well as being important for Alpha’s own D&l programme,
the diversity of Board members is a key interest for external
stakeholders and a focus of emerging regulation.

The Group believes that the Board’s current composition brings
an appropriate diversity of skits, personal qualities, credentiais,
and perspectives and the Board benefits from a balance of
gender divarsity. You can read more about Board diversity at
Alpha in the Nomination Committee report on p. 77.

— Two factor authentication log-in, industry-leading cloud
security tools and auto-backuns managed by cloud vendors;

— Appropriate due diligence, vetting and annual auditing of
cloud providers to validate information security and risk posture;

— Quarterly effectiveness review and adjustments of our
infosec processes in line with continual improvement of
Alpha’s security posture;

— Proactive testing of technical defences through external
team exercises, annual penetration tests of internet facing
assets, anti-virus software real-time scanning, and internal
phishing assessments;

— A Data Privacy Working Group that manages incident
response; and

— Extensive cybersecurity insurance policy coverage.

While a strong cybersecurity framework is required Group wide,
this is particularly important for Aiviq due to its product offering.
Aiviq adopts a Zero Trust security approach, and since
November 2021 has attained |S027001 certification, which is
regularly audited and renewed annually. in 2024 Aiviq will be
recertifying, as per the IS027001 stipulations. In addition,

Aiviq obtained its Cyber Essentials Plus certifications this year,
bolstering the security of the business further.

These combined measures allow ihe Group te provide a secure
and reliable service for employees, clients and other stakeholders,
which is vital to the long-term sustainability of the business.

G3 Read more about the management of information and cyber
risks in the principal risks section on p. 58


===== page 46 =====
ESG governance and reporting

The ESG Committee of the Board, oversees the development
and implementation of the Group's ESG strategy and roadmap.
The Committee works alongside senior leadership and the
Responsible Business team, who support the Group in regulatory
horizon scanning, addressing ESG demands, and progressing
Alpha’s ESG roadmap

In early 2024 we delivered an important milestone by pubiishing
‘our first standalone Sustainability Report. A key objective of this
report was to provide transparency and increase engagement
between Alpha and stakenoiders on ESG focus areas and objectives.
An important part of this has been the completion of e comprehensive
ESG materiality assessment to align our strategy with best practices
and stakehaider expectations, and to identity the key issues and
opportunities that Alpha should prioritise in its ESG roadmap.

Alpha remains fully compliant with all current applicable ESG regulation,

which includes fulfilling the following ESG reporting requirements:

Publicly available disclosures Availability
Energy use (greenhouse gas) p. 47
reporting (UK), in line with

Streamlined Energy and Carbon

Reporting (“SECA”)

Task Force on Climate-related pp 48-51

Financial Disclosures (“TCFD")

The Energy Savings Opportunity
Scheme reguiations (“ESOS”)

alphafmc.com

Annual Report,
various sections

UK Companies Act and Ciimate
Change Act

Modern Siavery Act alphafmc.com

Gender Pay Gap reporting in the UK alphafme.com
and Gender Equality Index Score

in France

Governance,
compliance (“GAC") requirement
for a reporting framework

Annual Report,
Sustainability Accounting
Standards Board (*SASB")
disclosure, pp 154-157

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 43

Alpha also voluntary aligns with the United Nations Global Compact
(‘UNGC"), The Human Rights, Labour, and Anti-Corruption
Principles are integrated in our policies, as referenced in the
Strong Governance section of this report. We continue to make
strides with the Enviranment Principles, as detailed in the
environment section on pp 46-47 and further in our Sustamabitity
Report. We will continue to review our alignment bi-annually and
engage with the UN Global Compact team on @ quarterly basis.

Alpha also aligns with the Carbon Disclesure Project ("COP")
when engaged to do so by clients, providing a view of our
sustainabilty performance to support their procurement
processes. We have again this year reported to Ecovadis for our
French operations and achieved a Silver rating, which confirms
that the approaches we take across sustainability and managing
risk are above average for our industry,

g
a
5
3
3
=
3
3
3
8



===== page 47 =====
44 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Beratege: “09

Social

At&ipha were
and unde

Srpows:

wil tow the b

forall o

Diversity, equity and inclusion

Alpha is an equal opportunities empioyer, and we know that
taking steps to improve diversity, equity and inclusion ("DEN") in
the workplace is key to ensuring an equitable future for all, which
in turn supports our intention to be a company where everyone
can thrive and contribute to the success of the Group.

in recognition of this, the oast year represents a pivotal moment
in our joumey. This year, to further substantiate cur DEt ambitions,
we set our first diversity target: for 25% of our giobai director
team to be women or nonbinary in five years. Our baseline for that
target is 18%, as reported in our 2023 Annual Report, and we are
pleased to report that cur director team comprises 16% women
and nonbinary individuals (as of 81 March 2024),

This target was defined through extensive intemal consultations,
ineluising 40 workshops with ovor 50 senior stakehoiders aciose
the business. Our target is also data driven. closely linked to the
Global Equa! Opportunities survey information. The survey was
launched in 2028, and has sean a strong initial uptake, enabling
us to assess the Group's diversity profile now and on an
ongoing basis.

Please see our SASB disclosure on p. 196 for further details on
this target. We will report on our progress against this target in
future years, a8 well as the development and delivery of our action
plans and diversity targets.

Initiatives and networks

At Alpha, our commitment to diversity and inclusion continues
to be 4 fundamental part of our culture, underpinned by an active
global programme of volunteers. Ceritral lo this are the six
voluntary employee-led networks, which each play a crucial role
in shaping our corporate culture. These cover Disability Confidence,
Ethnic and Cultural Diversity, Gender Equality, Social Mobility,
Pride and Wellbeing,

Each network provides a platform for dialogue, awareness-raising,
learning, planning, and action, contributing significantly to our DEL
initiatives and ESG roadmap. Example initiatives from our global
teams in the last year include the launch of an anonymous
speak-up platform, social mobility-focused internships. and DEI
training programmes for leadership and stati, using both onfine
and third-party providers. For example, Alpha partnered with
Legture for International Women’s Day to host an online event
series covering a range of topics including gender equality,
allyshio, inclusion and |eadership,

aiphafme.com

The Social Mobility Internship that sits within the UX Insurance
usiness is an excellent example of how cur employee-ted initiatives
can support DEI at Aipha across a number of key areas. Across
2022 and 2028 we welcomed eight interns, which were 50%
female, 66% irom diverse or mixed ethnicity backgrounds and al
from non-fee-paying schools. Interns received a competitive gross
salary which we have since increased further to align with that

of a full-time analyst, effective this summer. We offered full-time
graduate positions to five of the eight, a strong conversion rate.

We are delighted to support the launch of new groups that
resonate with local topics and social importance; for example, in
the year a North American Asian Pacific Network was launched
within the team. We are proud to have such a strong level of
engagement, which supports our action setting linked to the ES
roadmap and reinforces our probabilly of success.

Employee framework
We are delighted to have a talented team of industry leading
consultants at Alpha and recognise that the engagement and
satisfaction of our team are vital to the success of the business.
We believe that Alpha should seek not just to bring together the
‘est and most talented people, but to provide a fantastic place
to work and an environment where everyone can flourish.

We foster jong-term retention through the opportunities that we
offer, our culture and our frameworks for development, support
and feedback.

While our teams are delivering on some of the industry's most
challenging change projects, ensuring that we prioritise wellbeing
and support is of paramount imporlarice. We have established
HR, mentoring and employee oversight frameworks across all
global locations and levels. At the same time, we continue to
invest in our learning and development opportunities, which sek
to build confidence consulting skills and industry content, at all
stages in the employee journey.

&é



===== page 48 =====
We are committed to providing an open, interactive

and collaberative working environment. To this end, there

are opportunities throughout the year to actively gather the
insights. priorities, and sentiments of our team rnembers.

This helps us to focus our attention on what matters. The looking
after our people section of the Annual Report on pp 36-39
provides more detail about the employee experience at Alpha

Corporate social responsibitity

Our social responsibilities and the impact we have in the
communities in which we operate are extremely important to us.
We promote ethical conduct, social responsibility, anc a corporate
culture that values fairness and positive actions at all times.

Alpha's Corporate Social Responsibility (*CSR’) vision and
activities in this area are executed mainly through the work of
our internal CSR team, which is employees participating on a
voluntary basis, while supported by the Group's Responsible
Business team.

Qur community focused activities include fundraising, pro bono
consulting, volunteering, outreach networks and mentoring

We are very proud of our long-standing voluntary charitable work
and our main Group-wide OSR initiatives in our Charity of the Year
(COTY) programme.

In 2023, our COTY programme raised more than £20,000
alongside delivering valuable volunteering initiatives and pro bono
work. In the UK and Europe. the team raised £13,766 for The
Institute of Imagination, a pioneering education charity that
designs and delivers creative workshops across the arts,
sciences and digital technologies for chidren aged 5-11 years
ald. In North America, the team raised $10,000 for Greenwood
Project: a charity that partners with companies in the financial
services industry to create accessible career pathways for Black
and Latinx students

‘These efforts reflect our ongoing commitment to making a
positive mpact within the communities we serve and marks the
eighth year of running our COTY programme. The programme is
run regionally with employees from each region voting on their
charity of choice each year. This allows us to lailor our support
more effectively and deliver mora impact and engagement with
local communtties,

Suppliers

As a responsible business, we ensure that our supplier
relationships are in line with fegistation and best practices, which
is supported by a new supplier code. We are in the process of
rolling out this code which will be issued to new key supeliers.
and existing ones upon contract renewal. The code includes
expectations around environmental responsibility, anti-modern
slavery action, and health and safety minimum standards. We
also assess the policies of our suppliers in areas such as social
policies, employe wellbeing and, in the UK, payment of the Living
Wage. This hells us maintain our dedication to fair and responsible
business practices across all aspects of our operations

Modern slavery

We are committed to combating and preventing modem slavery,
human trafficking, and exploitation, We have procedures and
policies in place throughout our own business and our supply and
progurement chains to Support this. A copy of these can be found
‘on our website in our Corporate Compliance Manual. These
processes are reviewed annually, and Alpha’s Modern Slavery
Statement is ultimately approved by the Board.

Human rights

In 2023, Alpha proudly became a member of the UN Guiding
Principles Reporting Framework, This membership enhances our
commitment to human rights and sociat responsibility but also
aligns with our strategic approach to integrating sustainable
practices across all levels of our operations.

aiphatme.com

bl

g
a
3
a
a
2
Fi
$
3
ES



===== page 49 =====
Environment

With growing evidence of the raaity and impact of giobat warming
itis critical that we understard our environmental fopact and play

Our partir combatting climate change.

As a professional services firm our direct carbon footprint is smaller
than that of high-ernilting industries. However, environmental
stewardship remains an important part of our ESG strategy, and
we recognise a clear global imperative for emission reduction

Dus to the growth of the business, Alpha is in scope of new
environmental regulatory demands this year to report in alignment
with the TCFD framework for the Group, see pp 48-51, and with
the ESOS regulations for our UK operations, for which we will
submit our notification of compliance in August 2024

Alpha’s carbon footprint

We are committed to reducing our emissions anc aim to develop
cur science-based carbon reduction plan and communicating our
net zero ambition and targets in the year ahead, In the meantime,
we offset where we cannot reduce our emissions, and we have
again this year offset our Scope 2 and calculated emissions
globally via a verified scheme.

Ensuring the quality and accuracy of our data related to carbon
emissions, and tracking and reporting on them are key first steps
in setting meaningful targets. We continue to complete this
activity Group-wide, working closely with carbon reporting firm
Normativa, a partnership now in its second year, who are helping
us to both understand our emission data and improve our
calculations. This important work is setting the foundations for us
to reduce our emissions and communicate our Net Zero ambition.

alphatme.com

The total Scope 2 and 3 emissions for FY 24 were 3,420 CO, ¢.
Scope 2 emissions account for approximately 4% of our total
emissions, with the majority (3,294 tCO,e) coming fram Scope 3
emissions categories. Alpha has no Scope 1 emissions to report.

Our total emissions have risen by 263 tCO,e year on year, and
‘our revenue intensity metric has also increased from 13.8 to 14.5,
1CO,e/m revenue. The year-on-year increases in our emissions
reflect increased average global headcount, including in APAC,
with the acquisition of Shoreline, as well as an increase in employees
working from our offices or client sites, increasing Scope 2 and
Scape 3 commuting and business travel emissions.

As we develop our data collection and analysis methodologies,
we will continue to update and enhance our amissions calculations
and disclosures in line with evolving best practice and the GHG
Protocol. This will also include bringing new Scope 8 categories
into our carbon footprint calculation that are appropriate for
assessing the impacts of our business model, geographic reach,
and professional services profile


===== page 50 =====
Carbon reduction

Our efforts to reduce carbon emissions include continuing to
work with service providers and property managers to expand
our purchase of renewable energy globally, as well as working
with our clients to minimise business travel wherever practical,
Alongside the initiatives of our global CSR team, we continue 10
raise awareness and educate our people about the environmental
impacts of activities. We encourage them to think about
implementing measures that could reduce our carbon footprint,
such as in travel, whilst still considering our commitments to
futfiling client relationships and service delivery.

Adherence to mandatory and voluntary initiatives, notably ESOS
in the UK, Ecovadis in France, and TCFD and CDP globally, all
support and help deliver against our environmental strategy,
performance and journay towards net zero,

Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Reviewing and potentially expanding our Scope 3 GHG emissions
reporting wil be a part of developing our net zero plans as we
consider the materiality of our supply chain and aim 10 increase
understanding and explanation of our carbon foatprint. We will
use this work to seek opportunities to reduce the Group's impact
on the environment.

Environmental reporting and disclosures

We have calculated our carbon emissions and reporting in line
with SECR, as well as voluntary reporting of selacted supply
chain (Scope 3} emissions, and Group-wide energy usage and
resulting emissions.

SECR table
Emissions
FY 241C0,¢ FY 29tc0,8 Fy Re tco,e
Global Global Global
Scope __Aotivity ____Totat UK excl. UK Total UK exch UK Total, «UK excl. UK
2 Purchased heat 523 331 192 677 260 427 48 18 30
Purchased electricity 730 192 538 325 18 307 155 31 124
Flights “28739 766.1 16178 1125.7 369.8 755.9 3937 1805 183.2
Public transport 445.2 204.2 241.0 1,866.7 6558 9108 123 94 29
Taxis/ear miteage 1427 «478 «851 B91 6.3 2B 2111S
ee Working from home 3326 477 1849747163. 164.8 68.1887
Total 3,419.7 1,207.9 2,211.8 3456.3 1,200.0 1,956.9 553.4 2436 309.6
Energy
FY 24 MWh FY 23 MWh FY 22 MWh
Global "Global ~ Global
Scope  Aetivity . Tota) UK exchUK Total ~=—UK excl UK Total, == UK_excl. UK
2 Purchased heat 2086 1632 454 3686 1225 2361 658 501 157
Purchased electricity 4017 226.2 1765 2015 + «80.2 141.318.1049 83.8
Total “610.3 388.4 221.9 580.1 2027 3774 2245 155.0 69.5
Intensity Metrics
FY 24 FY 23 FY 22
 Stobat Global SSC
Scope Activity _ Total UK excl.UK Total UK exol.UK Total UK excl. UK
2a3 £m of revenue 2355 915 1440 2287 874 «181.3 158.00 721859
oS “t00,eperfmotrevenue 145 13.2 154 138 137 138 353436
Hoses:

Aipha does “ot nave any oftices wheres © 38
Giassed as Soong 2 amnsequne and the associated conversion factor nas been Used
Normative, our ticr-party prowdar has user Excbase, BEIS, Dafa Ecomvont and ther
Greenhouse Gas Frataca’ = Carnevale Seandard, Agha suppled tne sworieng ‘rom Nom
Where 29 havannct beer apie 16 obtars acto’ dat

ents kon sraveited Nae not nen eccered fou
We are depenaen Service prosieors and

‘rats the boiers, but rater gurchases heat from each ouising’s management, Nance the

sumption of 3

len gas §

ian allosnng tne

19 Tre seceanting "nethovoiogy hormian ve follows the
cadkol womencrkrig Emissions Whtepaner 2220"

e heve used estmenons 7 me with tne GHG Corsorate Revortng Methode.o9',
ise systems oF travel ToC. Ne NS Usa. a Spend-asee ater
re nanagement coxnpanieg providing aecurate gata

wing th the GHC Se

vate Bepevting Vet oss!ngy

aiphatme.com

g
s
és
€
3
z
z
3
8



===== page 51 =====
48 Annuai Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Rope

Task Force on Climate-Related
Financial Disclosures

This rapert has teen
requirem

ants Hy

CTCED recent edations

This is the first time that the Group has reported in line with TCFD.
The associated analysis and disclosures allow us to identify and
monitor the impact of climate on our business and are being

produc
sordance «ith See
which ‘6 augned with the Tas

qin tna

overseen by the ESG Committee of tne Board with support from

the Group Responsible Business team.

Governance

The Audit and Risk Committee considered numerous
olimate-related risks that might impact the Group but
concluded that none identified are principal risks to the Group

Strong governance that imate change iri decision-making across the business

The governance framawork far managing risk,
which covers environmental risk (ingluding
climate) and social risk, is available in the Risk
Management section of the Strategic Report

The ultimate responsibilty for Group-wide risk.
and opportunity governance lies with the Board
cof Directors and can be viewed in the corporate
governance report. The Board has delegates
certain responsibilities to the ESG Committee
and the Audit and Risk Committee to ensure that
the Company's overall strategic direction aligns
with ils ESG goals, including olimate-related
‘objectives and risk management.

The ESG Committae has specific responsivity
for considering climate-related ESG risks and
opportunities in connection with the Company's
operations, It meets at least twice @ year, with
part of these meetings dedicated to overseeing
the development and implementation of the Group's
ESC roadmap and strategy, which includes
climate-related risk and opportunity response
plans, After avery meeting, an update is provided
to ihe Board by the ESG Commates in the form
of minuted decisions and discussion to enable
alignment on BSG matters throughout the year.
For details of this process, see the ESG
Gommities report on pp 78-79

Risk management

Significant findings and recommendatians on
risks and opportuntties from the ESG Committee
are integrated into the broader risk management
framework overseen by the Audit anc Fisk
Committee, It meets at least three timas a year,
with sessions focused on evaluating the
‘Compary’s risk policy and principai risks,
including those related to climate, The
significance of these clirnate-ralated risks is
assessed, and the tisk policy is updated annually.
Further deta is in the Risk Management section
of the Strategic Report on op 52-56.

The ESG Committes is accountabie for
converting anonities, including output from the
Board and the Audit and Risk Committea, into
actionable tasks within the ESG Roadmap,

The ESG Steering Committee is eocountable for
defining the ESG roadmap, including climate-retatet
risk and opportunity response pians. Implementation
is managed by the dedicated and appropriately
skiled Responsible Business team, with oversight
from the Group Head of Risk & Responsible
Business, Alongside this, business contacts

and senior leaders across the Group are
‘engaged regularly.

Stakeholder feadback is considered on an
‘ongoing basis, including that from investors and
ilants, and! we undertake industry benchmarking
(0 help inform our ESG strategy and climate
governance. There is aiso engagement with the
Remuneration Committee to ensure that any
aspects of remuneration linked to ESG-related
objectives ere appropriately aligned to the ESG
roadmap and reflect investor and other expectations,

There is common membership of the ESC, the
Audit and Risk. and Remuneration Committees
{aloeit that each committee has a different Chair)
which facitates a coordinated appraach to risk
‘evaluation and managemert. Lines of cammunication
between the Chairs of these committees and the
Rosponsibla Businass team are also maintained
outsicle of scheduled meatings to ensure ongoing
‘engagement and timely responses fo emerging
issues oulside of the scheduled meetings

Relevant reports:
Le risk management on pp 52-56

Led comorate governance report
on pp 70-75

EXlese committee report on pp 78-79

Integration of climate-related risks ito our Graup-wide risk management approach

Alpha’s risk management framework combines
clear governance, robust processes and
controls, and @ strong culture of risk awareness,
among all employees. Climate-related risks and
opportunities are identified. assessed, and
menaged within the Group's existing framework,
taking both a top-cown and bottom-up
approach, Details of this cen be found in the isk
Management section of the Strategic Regort

Alongside our risk management framework,
effective management of business risks including
fneing a good corporate cttizen is embedded into
‘our performance management process which is
applicable to avery employee across the Group.

This is the first year Alpha nas undertaken
reporting in fine with TCFO. Whilst we aiready
identity the chmate-related nsies as part af the
sk management framework, we alse conducted

2 scenario analysis to identity and assess
ciimate-related opportunities that present
to the business seep. 51.

Relevant reports:

[Eg risk management on pp 52-56

23 The ESS Stocring Cammtive includes the Chiet Executwe Oricer, Group Managing Drector, and Group “ead of Risk & Responsible Business

alphafme.com


===== page 52 =====
Strategy

As part of our fst TCFD aligned climate impact
assessmont, we conducted a qualitative scenario
analysts to test the long-term resilience of our
business with considerations across the whole
Group. Two scenarios were chosen, which stress
tested the extremes of potential future states ~
intense physical climate change m the "Hot
House World’, anda proactive transition to a
low-carbon world in the "Nat Zero by 2050"

1. Hot House World: results in a temperature
rise of 4°C by 2100,

2. Net Zero by 2080: limits warming to <2°C
by 2100,

‘The impacts of the risks and opportunities
were assessed agains! three lime-horizons:

Short-term: FY 25 - occurring now
or irnrninently

Medium-term: FY 26 to FY 28 — signs with
the Group's medium-term office leases and
service arrangements, new business
activites, and the current strategy to deuble
the business by 20284

Long-term: FY 28 to FY 50 ~ aligns to ths
UK Government's Nat Zero pladge and the
longer-term gotential onysicat impacts of
climate change.

Metrics and targets

A range of risks and opportunities were assessed
in the scenario analysis against the likaiinood of
‘occurring in the three timeframes and the financial
excosure to the Group. All were considered against
the risk policy for social anc enuircnment risks
and none are considered material (5% of our
annual spend). This is primaniy due to the nature
of the professional services industry we operate
in, as wellas our business model, including the
locations of our offices and the flexibility of our
operating model,

‘The analysis indicated that climate risks are not
expected to have a significant unpact on our
usiness, particularly in the snort to macium-term
There may be a level of impact in the long-term,
which will be monitored via our risk management
framework. Overal, the analysis nigniighted the
climate resilionce of our business, and indicated
the potential for growth in some of aur products
and seraces in response to the climate transition

We have reported the six rsks and one
opportunity et most significance, cetaiing the
impaat and our response, aionasia the scenario
analysis output, on the next two pages, These
were included in our reporting as they were
deemed to have @ medium or high ikethood of
occurring across one oF mors of either of the
scenario timeframes, and/or to have a medium
financial exposure rating.

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 49

“These risks will continue to be monitored oy the
Audit and Pisk Committee and are recoded in
the risk register fer monitoring. The Group
regularly reviews and upciates policies to ensure
compliance with ali appiicable environmental and
social regulatory standards, and this captured
within the “regulatory environment” principal risk,
which can be found in the Principal Risks and
Uncertainties section of the Strategic Report,

2
a
5
a
3
2
5
3
3
3

As per the regulation, we wil repeat the scenario
analysis of cimate-related risks and opportunites
in three years, if Ine business model undergoes
signifigant change, or if the regulation quidance
changes - whichever is sooner.

Relevant reports:

Ell climate-retated risk and opportunity
matrix on pp 50-81

Eli climate-retated risk and opportunity
scenario analysis on p. 51

[id Principat ishs and uncertainties on
pp 57-60

Alphaiis currently monitoring and reporting on
‘Scope 2 and selected Scope 3 greenhouse gas
{(GHG") emissions, whicn provide ongoing
metrics to help in assessing the Group's
management of its ctmate-related transition risks
and opportunities.

‘The Group 1s commnted to Net Zero, and in this
coming financial year wil evalon its Net Zero
target ang plan. which includes baselining our

Y2“ha statement that tne Aloha Graus s gro.zih plan has ar &” bilo" Ie Juuble the S120 of ts qusriess sy 2028 aspwararal only ang should “ict os construed as aft

emissions. This will allow for more detailed risk
and performance tracking and will 26 aversesn
by the ESG Committee once fully implemented.

‘The GHG matries and the Net Zero target wil
also be Integrated into Alpha’s risk management
framework, ensuring that we align our strategic
decision-making processes with our fong-term
climate objectives,

Relevant reports:

EX Reporting on our Scope 2 and 3 carbon
emissions, and our SEGR report can be
found on p. 47

forecast wth

tre meaning of the Taceover Gade. Therm car bans conan oul cause

A.pha’s growin 1¢ afer materialy from is expresses ambition,

That Aloha wil acrweve ts aenbnon whieh SLGjeEs to various SESuMeONs, KS 2-9 scares Mat

alphafma.com


===== page 53 =====
50 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

4S. ategic Reps:

Climate-related risk and opportunity matrix

Physicat ctimate visks 3

Description and impact

Response plan - _

(longer term
shifts in weather
patterns) and Acute
{increased frequency
and severity of extreme

weather events}

An increase in extreme weather events or a
chromic/prolonged higher tempsraiures and
sea levels, may result m potential business
Cisruption and toss of service. Examples of
this inciude.

Property demage, end potential
legal iabities:

Challenges for office cooking, and
increases in energy costs te control
these environments;

Lowered tear morale and wellbeing,

ability to wark. and physical health; and

‘Additional gisruption in parts of our

business or our supplier's business

outside of our core operational ications.
This may impact project delivery and the
Group's supply chain, and negatively attect
our reputation and revenue,

Alpha’s largest revenue generating offices are primarily located In areas where acute
and chronic climate risk is lower (UK, East Coast US). Offices in higher risk areas such
as Australia and Calilornra constitute @ smaller percentage of our revenue ~ however,
they will still be monitored and planned for.

Regardless, we have business continuity and disaster recavery policies that ar6
regularly reviewed and updated, to handle emergencies effectively. In adsition.

we have a robust flexible working framework which has been tried and tested with
success during the COVID-19 pandemic, This enables work to continue when offices
may be inaccessible,

Moving forwards, we will consider climate-risk factors in our decision process when
obtaining/leasing new office spaces for our team, Including any offshore arrangements
that may be pursued,

We utilise global enterprise grade cloud-basec data centre providers that have strong
‘ousiness cantinurty processes anc are investing in climate adaptations/Net Zero
alignment, mitigating against the risk of data centre disruption and prise rises.

‘Transition risks

Theme Description and impact Response plan . .
Regulatory Potential for higher costs incurred for energy Que to the business model and industry of the Group, our energy consumption and
(policy andtegal) consumption, and via transportation, and —_ transportation costs are relatively low. However, we will morvtor the cost of any

carbon taxation/offset requirements.

potential carocn taxes and consider the impact on our operations.

Failure to comply with evoiving regulations
related to GHG emissions could resu!
‘inancial penalties, legal risks, and camage
10 the firm's reputation,

We will continue to monitor for new climate-related regulations te enable a response

ina timely manner to help mitigate risk of fines anc engage external support il required.
We have a well-defined process for identifying and managing regulations that may
impact the Group which incluces:

— Ongoing horizon scanning across Afpha’s geographies and markets in order to
Identity and meet emerging requirements in all contexts: as a consultancy provider,
a listed company, and a business organisation;

— Regular engagement and proactive dialogue with regulators, industry bodies and

advisers, as wall as Aloha’s own client Regulatory Compliance Consulting practice:

Regular review and update of the Group's policies and processes to promote and

ensure compliance with all apoicable regulations; and

‘Ongoing diversification and expansion of the service offering, which can reduce the

‘overall impact on the Group of particular new or changing regulation.

Technology

alphafmo.com

‘There is a potential for loss of revenue if we
{ail to meet investor, client and supplier
climate expectations and sequirements,

Alpha (or Alpha’s clients] make nat zero/
climate commitments that they are unable to
achieve, this could impact Aisha’s reputation
and result in lost revenue.

Moving to new appkcations, data
management processes or technology in
order to align with regulation or reporting
requirements, or to support the Group's own
environmental policies and climate targets,
which could incur highér costs for the business,

‘We will maintain open communication channels with cllents, investors, and suppliers,
promptly addressing any concems or complaints, and demonstrating transparency
and integrity n all business dealings. As noted above, we will scan for any incoming
regulatory demands that these stakeholders may be subject to that require Alphas,
input, to oncure we are responding atlecively and delivering in une with these.

Wo will sot realistic and tangible targets based on available data and careful analysis
to avoid the nsk af them being unattainable. We will also soak 10 improve the avaiable
data on an ongoing basis and are currently using a trwd-party tool to help us track and
analyse our emissions mpact. We are ais planning for a travel survey to obtain hetter
inforrnetion an employee commuting. To ensure alignment and progress, we wit conduct
regular audits, mplementinternal controls, and provide ongoing staff tezining where relevant

From a cent perspective, we will activaly engage with them to promote responsible
enwronmental stewardshio and support them in achiaving their Net Zera targets.

‘Our current systems presently suppor our reperting requiremants, but we wil Monitor
this risk as its unlikely to impact the Group in the short to medium-term. In the long-term,
monitonng the revenue, available debt, and cash reserves of the business willbe
important to ensure any potential increased costs ave able to be absorbed.



===== page 54 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 a

_Theme _ Description and impact Response plan _ _ _

Products Potential growing demand for censuitancy Our solid growth over 20+ years, proves that we understand the structural drivers of
sarvices that specialise in providing gudance tne market, and can innovate and enhance the service offering accordingly, Including
on sustainable practices, carbon footprint developing of market-leading technatogy and data capatulties. Tris is enabled by art
reduction, and climate nsk management. k__etfective and coordinated cirector team working across multiple geographies and sectors.
may a'so oven more opporturities for Alpha .
co partner mln teehnoley and data-based The GToUup will prozctively engaga with our clents te understand their evolung neads
Gompanice lo Uehver solitons andrew 2”2usd cimate change, and to offer tailored consultency services and strategic
projects across our propositions and products that san help them navigate new regulatory expectations, customer and
cavesially aitematives Ly everagng its MPESTOX demands, and climate challenges.
expertise in ESG integration and climate
risk management, Alpha can attract new
clients, enhance its market share, end dre
revenue growth,

Technology Increasing avallapily of new green technolagy We monitor the avatlabilly of new technology, anc how if could positively Impact the

and improvements in existing technology in Group fimpismented,
response to the climate transition vail open

new opportunities to the Group ane! may
have a positive impact including:

When engaging with suppiiers in cur procurement process. we will question them on
Ine technology used and the environmental benafhs or implications ot such to informa
our dacision-making process
- Reduced cosis as technology becomes
mere allicient and less energy intensive:
~ Ability to improve our technology stack
ang supply chain to make it greener and,
reduce out omissions
The opportunity te consolidate our
tachnology stack and mave to one prowder
that is the most ESG-tnendly, instead of
being spread seross mmuitipie! and!
Better availablity of ESG data that val
inform our client projects and internal
ESG decisions.

Climate-related risk and opportunity scenario analysis
Impact
righ Oaecum — tow

_Likelinood

jatHouse Scenario 2: Net Zero by 2050_

‘Scenario

Financial FY26- FY29~ FY26- FY 29-
exposure’ FY25  FY28 FY50 FY25  FY2@  FY50

Risk type Risk Summary descrig _ .
Physical Acute and — Potential business disruption and loss cf — Medium °o oO

rieke Chronic service mduced by extreme/chranic
weather events

Regulatory Higher cosis due to carbon Low
raranoniaitsats
Failure to comply vith evolving regulation — Low
Reputation Fatlura to meet client and suppiier Net Medium

Zero requirements

Low

AlpharAlphs's clients unable to achieve
their Net Zero commitments

Technology Higher costs of environmentally
friendly technology

Increased demand ‘or ESG senices Mediu
and data seruces

‘pyortunities Products|

Technology Incraasad ayaiabilty of green tecnmotogy Low

Financial exposure est meied * cf arnusi spend, Low . vty Medium 2-48. gh Ste of mara

alphaime.com

g
a
FA
é
3
2
Fy
2
8
a



===== page 55 =====
52 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Risk management

r Overview

The Group's business organisation, and the industries in which
it operates, expose it to a number of potential risks arising from
internal or external events and actions. The Group manages risk
actively and closely in order to limit potential adverse effects on
the implementation of its strategy, the financial performance and
on the interests of its clients, sharsholders and employees.

Tha Grong cootriously
risk marager t practices for etio tI
geogragkic reach scale, bu

and the evale ng evterna’ ta
Undarponed Sy
qement foo mawork
integr: over ray

Pears

sOmMmprgmans

The main objectives of the risk management
framework are to ensure that there is:
A sttong corporate culture of risk awareness and
responsibility embedded at all levels of the organisation;

proce
astr

— Mitigation of ongoing risk as far as possible, without
unduly affecting the Group’s competitiveness
and flexibility;

— Proactive identification and reporting of risk information,
with clear management and mitigation responsibilities; and

-- Provision of a suitable basis upon which the Audit and
Risk Committee and, ultimately, the Board can assess
the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and
internat controls,

Risk governance

The Board has overall responsibility for risk monitoring and
management at Aloha, and ensures that risks that could impact
the fulfilment of the Group's strategic objectives, including growth
trajectory, are monitored and managed effectively. The Audit and
Risk Committee provides assurance te the Board on the
appropriateness of the Group's risk processes, contrais and
governance, including reporting.

The Auoit and Risk Committee, alongside the Board, is responsibie
for oversesing and reviewing the key risks facing the business,
principally through the formai meetings of the Committee and
quarterly risk reporting. The Board decides whether these risks,
should be avoided, mitigated or tolerated. The Group follows a
“top-down andi "bottom-up" approach to monitoring ane managing
risks. Top-down strategic risk management is directed from the
Board and applied hrough the actions cf the executive team and
wider senior management. Battom-uo operational risk management
is implemented through the engagement, tisk awareness anid
corporate responsibility of all Alpna employees, supported by
Alpha’s operations functions.



===== page 56 =====
Risk assessment

The effective management of risk requires governance, oversight
and management, all of which are key components of Alpha’s
robust risk management framework and undergin the Group's
ability to execute its strategy and deliver fong-term growth, in managing
risk globally, Aloha identifies risks both strategically and on a daily
basis, closely monitoring risk exposures by considering their
probability and potential impacts, and undertaking any management
actions to mitigate them with appropriate risk responses.

Alpha's risk management framework is built around its business
madel and steatagy. and comprises six key components, All risk
management adheres to this process, which emphasises the
importance of business integrity, transparency and accountability.
The framework is cyclical and ensures the effective handiing of all
emerging and identified organisational, strategic and relevant
external risks, while permitting the opportunity for continual
monitoring and improvement

The Group’s mein tools for managing risks are its risk ragister
and its statement of risk appetite, Alpha’s risk register records the
detail of risks that could have a material impact on the Group's
performance, financial resilience or reputation. It is overseen oy
the Group Coordination Committes and raintainad using information
and perspectives fram the core business and operations functions
of the Group (please see the risk management governance on

9. 62 for more details)

For the rigk register, risks are assessed using @ scoring system
that captures the jikelihcod of their occurrence and the impact
that they would have on the Group. This approach allows the
Group to consider risks, identity trends and define responses
centrally and consistently.

Alpha’s approach to risk management

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 63

The statement of risk appetite defines the type and amount of
risk that the Group is willing to take in order to achieve its strategic
objectives, which has been agreed by the Board, The Group then
assesses whether it is operating in ine with its stated risk appetite
by monitoring movements in its key risk indicators, which are
incorporated in the Board's risk reports.

Group risks are reviewed, discussed and challenged centratty by
the executive team through the Group Coordination Committae.
The Group Coordination Committee, supported by Alpha's Group
Risk function, considers the risks that are or could be of significant
impact to tne business and its strategy, and determines which
risks should be escalated to the Beard. As the Group Coordination
Committee represents all areas of the business and operations,

it is alse able to agree the approach to and coordinate the
implementation of relevant risk mitigation actions.

Reporting decisions are documented so that the assessment and
escalation approach can be reviewed by the Audit and Risk Committe
a part ofits assurance resoonsibiliies. In exceptional circumstances,
where the risk is of a sensitive business nature, it may be raised
‘on an individual basis with the Chief Executive Officer, whe can
present that risk directly to the Board,

The most material current risks to the Group are presented
in the Annual Report as the principal risks and uncertainties,
(se€ pp 57-60). The Board confirms that, having applied the
approach described above, a robust assessment of the
principal risks and uncertainties has been carried out.

Risk appetite

Wo use our risk appetite to tellus which
fisks we val and wil not tolerate. We define
the lovel of risk we can support (HMLL}:

and apply qualitative imits on specific risks
that can be monitored key nsk indicators”)

Risk context

We target risks that emerge from our
industry and operating enviranment ithe
“sk context”), We use governance forums,
sncluging monthly risk oversight and
bi-monthly ousiness function meetings

to proactively capture and understand
emerging risks and future events

Assessing risks
We assess risk usinga sinictured
process and consistant scoring approach
which takes account of probability and
impact, The assessment of each is
documented on the Group Fisk Register.

Responding to risks

We regularly review our risks, identify
trends and respond with actions thet alow
‘continuous improverrent anc develooment
through systematic horizon scaning and
ongoing assessmerns of external markels
vents, to dafine key prmaigal risks andt
vwider risk themes. Each nsk must ba
owned and updated by a Risk Owner,
whois a member of the Group Coordination
Committee or Disanal Leadership.

Reporting risk

We provide assurance that risk is
managed, escalated, treated anc
mingated. Risk reports from across the
Group, and te processes of contra) car

be asseased by the Aucit & Risk Commitee, to risk

Governing risk
We govern risk through execitive
oversight and “esponsibilites covering
ali ousiness areas,

Corporate
k cutture

alphafme.com

g
8
3
a
a
>
Fi
3
3
3



===== page 57 =====
Risk policy and categorisation

The Group's risk policy is reviewed at least annually and
enhanced periodically so that it remains relavant, taking into
account any emerging risks such as those linked to climate
change. As part of this, the Group ensures that it has effectively
identified the areas in which risks may arise, and could need to be
monitored or managed. To do this, the Group categonses and
assesses risk exposures using the following main groupings:

Operational risk

The Group's approach to minimising operational risk is to centralise
relevant processes and oversight frameworks through the leadership
team, which includes the Group Managing Director, and global
leads from Operations and IT, HR and Recruitment, Responsible
Business, Legal and Cerporate Affairs. Operational risks are mitigated
through operational processes and, where reauired, projects that
ara designed to strengthen the control environment, manage the
delivery of change effectively and protect Aipha’s competitive
standing with regard to people and quality of service

Industry and market risk

The Group’s approach to minimising industry risk is to undertake
aregular assessment of the market and its influencers, including
regulatory. political and structural change, and to maintain a close
gialogue with market participants, such as clients, competitors
and industry bodies. This review is delivered through the Group's
defined corporate governance responsibililies, wherein the directors
and ragional leadership manage those relationships on a day-to-day
basis and communicate the key findings and perspectives to the
Group Coordination Cammittes and, in turn, to the Board of Diractars.

Financial risk

The Group’s approach to minimising financial risk is to manage
utilisation, day rates, costs and cash collection actively and
closely, The Group's target is for client projects to be chargeable
mainly on a time and materials bas's, and to ensure that consultants’
time is recorded and billed each month.

aiphatme.com

Otherwise, the Group ensures that any delivery-based
arrangements have clear milestones for invoicing. A considerable
amount of attention is paid to consultant utilisation and day rates,
and their alignment to budget, which are reviewed and monitored
by the heads of region alongside the Group Finance team.

Environmental and social risk

The Group’s approach to minimising environmental and social
risk is predicated on maximising the benefits and minimising the
downsides of the Group’s economic, social and environmental
impacts. Within this category, the Group monitors a number of
indivielual risks including transition risk, which is the risk inherent
in any changing strategies, policies or investments as part of any
“net zero” or other societal targets, and its ability to meet the
requirements of new regulation. Aloha has an ESG Committee
to oversee ESG risk management and monitor the delivery of the
Group's ESG strategy in addressing these matters.

Legal and commercial risk

As a professional services provider, Alpha recognises that it is
exposed to risk from Inadequate contracts and commercial terms,
as wall as claims by clients or other parties. The Group's approach
to minimising commercial and legal risk is to ensure that consistent
guidelines and terms are in place for all contractual arrangements,
which is overseen by the Group Head of Legal & Comorate Affairs
This approach is reinforced through strong senior leadership
responsiblity across relevant areas in which claims and dispute
could occur, such as in client delivery. External advice is available
and sought where appropriate.

Any risk could impact more than one of the above categories or
‘all outside the above categories. However, this categorisation
factlitates the processes of identifying the risks that the Group
faces and tor distinguishing the risk appetite across the different
categories of risk.


===== page 58 =====
Top down

Top-down strategic risk management is
directed from the Board and applied
through the actions of the executive
team and wider senior management
within operations, The Group's risk
function supports the Board, Auait and
Risk Committee, and senior management
through regular reporting and cascaging
down processes and decisions about
the risk policy,

Bottom up

Bottom-up operational risk .
management is implemented through

the engagement, risk awareness and
corporate responsibilty of all Alpha
employees. The Group's risk function
facilitates awareness and structured

risk assessment processes, and

ensures an appropriate flow of risk
information and reporting upwards.

Ee core business functions can be found on p.

7

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 55.

Corporate accountability for risk:

— Assesses and reports on principal risks
and uncertainties.

Board of ~ Agrees the risk appetite,

¢
Ff
g
2
o
2
Directors 3
a

— Agrees the key risk indicators.
— Determines strategic action points.

Corporate assurance:

—- Oversight of risk processes and procedure.

Audit and Risk ~ Internal control.
Cammittes:

— Assesses effectiveness of risk management
framework and reporting

Executive responsibility:
— Monitors external environment,

— Oversees business-level risk
management activities.

conn — Monitors key resk ingicators,
‘Cominittes: -- Oversees strategic action points.
‘ ~ Qwnership of the risk register.

- Regular engagement with globat

divisional leadership.
Strategic risk management:
~ Oversees definition of the strategy.
bese —- Monitors execution to strategic objectives.

Cammittee — Identifies and addresses ‘isk to business strategy

and direction.

Operational risk management:

— Monitor operating environment,

— identify, assess and mitigate operational risks.
— Implement strategic action points.

— Execute policies, training and controls.

Operational risk identification:
identify and report risks.
Manage and own risks where relevant to role,
— Participate in risk training and follow risk processes.

— Utilise risk toolkits and develop awareness.

alphafme.com


===== page 59 =====
56 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Enhancements to the risk management approach

The Group continues to review its risk management framework
annually and updates it to reflect any changes in the Group's risk
profile and its operating environment. During the past year, a
number of enhancements were introduced to Aloha’s risk
management framework. These include:

- Continuing to review and update tne Group’s risk governance
to capture the Group's business forums correctly and the
integration of any new teams or functions. In the year, this
included the integration of the Shoreline business into Alpha’s
risk monitoring for APAC;

-- Amendments to Board risk reporting to align with the review
and update of the principal risks in the year, This included the
alignment of key risk indicators to support the assessment of
those material risks, and increased reporting cycles to ensure
‘ongoing and active risk reporting to the Board:

Further focus on ESG as this topic continues to grow in terms
of regulation, reputational consideration an¢ reporting. This
included updating the framework to clarify the responsibilties
of the Responsible Business function in managing ESG-related
tasks and climate change risks;

- Continuing to build positive engagement and nurture a
risk-aware culture across the Alpha business. This has been
enacted through relevant communications, attending company
meetings to spotlight and support risk topics, and knowledge
sharing on business-related matters, including enhancements
in the year to client due diligence coordination;

— Further development of risk governance with kay operational
functions and regional business leadership to ensure regular
touchpoints, proactive risk-oased discussions and consistent
aoproaches. This included bringing together the Management
Consulting and Technology Consulting risk review given the
closer collaboration on market and delivery approaches across
the two disciplines: and

Advancements in artificial intelligence (*AM) are prominent in the
landscape and present an opportunity for professional services
firms ike Alpha to adapt accordingly, At the same time, the
Group must proactively identify any adoption or security risks
that this presents, Alpna’s intemal governance around technology
advancements, including Al, includes representation trom IT,
Legal and Risk to support this assessment.

In aiming io balance successfully corporate growth and
development with the consideration and management of key
risks, Alpha reviews its risk framework and the need for any
enhancements at least ancually. Following the year end, an
internal audit was alse initiated on the Group's risk management
practices and processes, facilitated by Grant Thornton to provide
assurance of Alpha's risk management framework in identifying,
assessing and managing risks.

aiphatne.com

Financial risk management
The Group has established internal control and risk management

structures in relation to the process for preparing the consolidated
financial statements, The key features of this framework are:

The Group's executive team understands the importance of
internal control and of adhering to the principles of risk
mitigation on 2 global, operational basis;

-- The Audit and Risk Committee has primary responsibility for
reviewing the quality of internal controls and checks, to ensure
that the financial performance of the Group can be properly
measured and reported on;

The Chief Financial Officer and Finance team regularly monitor
and consider developments in accounting regulations and best
practice in financial reporting and, where appropriate, reflect
developments in the consolidated financial statements;

The Groue’s results are subject to various levels of review
within the Group's finance and management teams;

- Both the Audit and Risk Committee and the Board review the
craft consolidated financial statements;

The Audit and Risk Committee receives reports trom senior
management and the external auditor on significant judgements
or estimates, changes in accounting policies, changes in
accounting estimates and other pertinent matters relating to
the consolidated financial statements; andl

— The annual financial statements are subject to external audit.

Market-related risks

The global consutting market experienced a more competitive
environment during the financial year - and the supply and
demand dynamics continue to rebalance. A longer sales cycle
remained in place dluring the year, which Aloha navigated through
resiliently, taking appropriate approaches to reinforce its position,
including an ongoing focus on day rates, selective hiring in key
growth areas and active management of its cost base.

The Group sees improving market conditions and, with that, more
positive market sentiment retuming towards the ene of FY 24,
albeit at a slower pace than first envisaged. The Group continues
to see robust client demand and maintains a strong pipeline of
new business opportunities. These factors, together with the
strong long-term structural growth drivers that underpin demand
for Alpha's services and the Group's compelling proposition to
clients, provides confidence that the Group is still weil positioned
for continued growth,

Alpha continues to monitor carefully the dynamics and risks
associated with the competitive market environment, which is
captured within the macro principal risk.

The Directors and the senior management team also continue to
monitor closely the situations in Ukraine, Israel and Gaza as they
evolve. Alpha’s operational footprint dges not extend to those
particular areas, and we do not service clients based in those
territories. Currently. the principal risk to Alpha is from the wider
possible market impacts to the economy (please see “Geopolitical”
on p. 58 for more information; however we continue to track and
assess the risk of the conflict encompassing wider parts of the
Middle East region.


===== page 60 =====
Annuai Report & Accounts 2024 57

nay are the

rimnact
pmpact

cel gat deci”

DASE YR PAG Dee C OSS

wera P

Overview of our principal risks and uncertainties

Net risk rating

Risk Netrisk rating Risk trend t in
High Medium — Low
SB Macrae | a
Risk trend
Go ical

BSoopotincat a a Bincreasing HNochange “Decreasing

$B Business strateay a a

@} data security a a

DB Acquisition and integration a a

D Peopte be 2

@ Quality of service g a

B Compentors @ 2

#8} Regulatory environment a Bea
Pt) Macro. Net risk rating Risk trend
Risk Mitigating factors
Risk that wider market, economic, - Monitoring of key business and growth activities within the Group's geographical locations
commercial and financial risks can and sectors. while consistently engaging with key internal stakeholders to identify, and
impact the Group's ability to plan around, significant trends or events.

service clients, their demanc for
consultancy and technology
services and, therefore, the
Group's own performance -- Business model that is responsive to change and regularly reviewed, and a proven record
and financial position. of developing the proposition successfully to anticipate and meet client needs.

~ Regular horizon scanning to «dentify and assess emerging risks and to ensure an effective,
coordinated response to any macro challenges that are identified.

~— Ongoing diversification and expansion of the service offering, which can reduce the
overall impact on the Group of particular restrictions or challenges in certain geographies
or markets where Aipha is operating,

alphatme.com

podey 1623235


===== page 61 =====
58 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Steareds Report

® Geopolitical
Rise
Risk that external avents anc crises
an bring significant uncertainty,
volatility, and fragility to geopolitics
and markets, which can impact
both the Group's operating model,
employees and ability to deliver on
its strategic objectives.

9 Business strategy

Mitigating factors

Netrisk rating if Risktrend $Y

Regular engagement with regional business leads to identify any changes in the
geooolitical landscape, as well as considering risks in potential new geographies or

operating locations:

- Use of external advisers, international third-party risk and global assistance information to

provide real-time security information, risk assessments, news alerts and forecasts for the
timely detection of geopolitical risks and global security events.

— Global management governance that is highly responsive to emerging events, and market
and geopolitical trends — and ensures an effective, coordinated response to any

challenges that emerge.

— Astrong track record of considering necessary changes to delivery approaches,
operating locations ard business focuses; alongside a comprehensive HR and support
framework for employees affected by external events. crises and challenges.

Net risk rating Risk trend By

Risk

Risk that the Group responds
inadequately to changing market
factors and/or opportunities,
including technological
advancements and disruptors. The
success of the Group's strategy
depends on anticipating changes
and developing a proposition that
best serves its clients.

atphatme.com

Mitigating factors

— Robust business model that involves proactive and adaptive planning and execution,
alongside strong governance al a market, sector and service offering level to enable close
review of performance and identify any changes te the Group strategy in fine with evolving

market factors,

— Proven ability, through successful growth and expansion over 20+ years, to
understand the structural drivers of the rnarket, and to innovate and enhance the
service offering accordingly, including the development of market-leading technology

and data capabilties.

‘The Group continues to support and drive client demand by identifying and investing

in new market-leading service propositions and developing technology complements
to support clients across the financial services sectors in which it operates.

- Strong visibility of market advancements and growth opportunities, enabled through
an effective and coordinated director team working across multiple geographies and
sectors, and a roadmap to increase the business both organically and inorganically.


===== page 62 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 59

€9 Data security Netriskrating 2 pisktend oy AA

a
pale . 7 _ .- #
Risk itigating factors a
Risk of cyber attacks, security Acomprehensive suite of data protection and information security policies. overseen: 2
breaches and data mishandling, by the Information Security function, to monitor and ensure compliance with 3
leading to consequent risks to processing agreements across key stakeholders and suppliers. 5

client data, loss of integrity or

availability of core data — IT Operations function collaborates with proficient external partners to facilitate

the global delivery of the Group's internal and client-facing iT services.

Best practice controls to pravent, detect and respond quickly to any cybersecurity
events and data hanaling anomalies.

— Policies, processes, testing and training are in place to define the standards of control
and educate staif on the operating context and potential risks, including the constantly
evolving cyber risk fandscape

$B Acquisition and integration Netrisk rating Risk wend: 3
Risk Mitigating factors,
Risk of failure of the Group to Full acquisition due diligence and integration framework, including analysis, planning
select, complete and integrate and mitigation as part of the upfront framework and dedicated integration projects with
businesses that contribute. workstreams across business, commercials and operations for each acquisition.
ositively to the busin, . a

an growth strategy fess model — The Group's extensive experience of working with clients on high-profe acquisition

and integration frameworks is leveraged and constantly refined through the Group's

own acquisition activities.

Continuous monitoring of the market for acquisition opportunities that would support

the Group’s strategy, positively enhance the offering and client satisfaction, ang align

with Alpha’s culture and values.

— Dedicated project teams assess and integrate the acquired entities, people, processes

and systems into the Group and also ensures compliance to Alpha's standards.
re) People Net risk rating §} Risk trend BY
Risk Mitigating factors
Riisk of failure to attract, incentivise Unique cutture that values diversity, inclusivity, high performance, meritocracy, sociability.
and retain the best people with the and support, accompanied by a broad and responsive support structure — incorporating
right capablities across all HR, individual mentors, and external advice schemes — to ensure a continuous focus
propositions, levels and geographies. on our values and culture, alongside a robust set of policies

A failure to undertake effective
succession planning for key roles
could also adversely increase this
risk and impact performance.

— Rigorous in-house recruitment process, which targets the highest calibre consultants
in the industry, demonstrated through Alphe’s record of attracting top talent versus
the competition and increasing headcount.

— Competitive, regularly benchmarked remuneration package with benefits for career
development, recognition, and participation in profit-sharing or cash bonus,

~ Extensive focus on retention, building capabilities, and providing targeted ‘earning
and development opportunities with a hyperfocus on support, career development,
and etfective succession planning.

alphatme.com


===== page 63 =====
fz) Quality of service

Net risk rating {J Risk trend

Risk
Failure to maintain quality of service
on client delivery engagements.

fs] Competitors

Mitigating factors

— Clearly defined terms agreed up front, ensuring that each delivery framework
is appropriate and the delivery objectives are achievable.

~ Clear client account ownership structures to ensure accountability for client relationships,
from opportunity generation, to ongoing monitoring of client satisfaction and fulfilment
of agreed delivery criteria,

— Dynamic and integrated risk management framework, which encompasses service
delivery oversight, to support the Group's focus on delivery excellence and early risk
identification, and promotes business collaboration on both opportunities and challenges.

~ Close attention to client satisfaction and retention in the market, as well as the generation
of re-sell and cross-sell opportunities, demonstrating the strength of tne Group's full client
proposition suite and consistency of reputation for quaiity across al! business areas.

Net risk rating EF Risk trend

Risk
Risk that a competitor or new
entrant may be able to achieve
success and win work from the
Group's existing clients. Less
mature or more specialist
propositions, which the Group
chooses to develop, may present
less of a competitive acivantage.

© Regulatory environment

Mitigating factors
— Continual development and investment in key competitive differentiators, including:
— Highly focused sector proposition, working exclusively in asset and wealth
management, alternatives and insurance sectors;
— Strong, global reputation amongst clients, with the broad and deep expertise,
ang very high quality of the Alpha teams as a key competitive advantage;

~ In developing new specialist propositions, Alpha leverages its strong globai client
relationships and extensive industry insights te earn competitive advantage from
an early stage; and

— Monitoring of the market to identify and assess any changes in competitive position,
including growth rates and the link between demand and supply overall.

Net risk rating Z} Risk trend

Risk

Risk that the Group does not
successtully identify, address and/
or meet forthcoming regulation, or
that the business mode and
strategy are materially impacted by
legal and regulatory changes that
restrict the service offering or
access to key markets,

alphafme.com

Mitigating factors
— Ongoing horizon scanning and regulatory assessment across Alpha's geographies

and markets in order to identity and mest emerging requirements in ali contexts:
as a consultancy provider, a listed company, and a business organisation.

Regular engagement and proactive dialogue with regulators, industry bodies and
advisers, as wall ag Alpha’s own client Regulatory Compliance Consulting practice,
to complement horizon scanning and fully assess regulatory and legal changes.

~ Regular review and update of the Group's policies and processes to promote and
ensure compliance with all applicable regulations (including ESG regulatory standards}.

Ongoing diversification and expansion of the service offering, which can reduce the
overall impact on the Group of particular new or changing regulation while relevant
responses ars implemented.


===== page 64 =====
Non-financial information

and sustainability statement

née Group ha

A1ila and dol

Reporting
requirement

Business model

Principat risks

Non-financial
KPIs
Environmental
matters,
including
climate-related
disclosures

Employees

Human rights,

Principal locations in this
Annual Report

Pages

press oF

1996 by Tes

ling

Raoort

g
FA
a
2
3
2
Fy
3
8
a

2 Pound

Summary of business application

An explanation of the Group's business model is given in the
business model section of the Strategic Report

‘The Board's process for considenng and reviewing principal
risks is outlined in the risk nanagement and principal risks and
uncertainties section of the Strategic Report,

Business model - Strategic Report 16-17
Risk management and pnncwel risks anc 52-56
uncerlamnties ~ Siriegic Report

Key performance indicators - Strategic Report 24-25

‘The Board approves non-financial KPIs, such as headcount
and clients. More information on these cga be found in the
key performance indicators section of the Strategic Report

Sustamable gusiness ~ Strategie Report ana?
48-51
ESG Committee report 78-79

Looking after our people - Strategic Report

Sustainable business ~ Strategic Report 40-47

Information on the Group's corporate social responsibilty
objectives, policy and the Group’s environmental focus, 1s provided
inthe sustainable business section of tne Strategic Flaport

Information on climate-related nsks and opportunities and the
governance arrangements that are in place fo assess and
re included the TCFD statement,

‘ur employee-related policies and procedures are available
to all omployees — this includes policies around walibeing,
360 feedback, parental leave, etc,

More mformiation on how we look after our people is provided
inthe sustamabie usmess and section 172 statement sections.

The Group's Corporate Compliance Manual 1s available on the
Alpha website and is mace availabie te all amplayaes.

corruption Audit and Risk Committee report — 80-83
Corporate Governance
SASB disclosure 184-157
Sociat matters —_Looking after ourpscple = Strategic Report 36-39
Sustainable business - Strategic Report 40-47

The Strategic Report was approved by the Board of Directors on 20 June 2024,

By order of the Board

Luc Baqué

Chefe—

Our ant-bnbery and whistloblowing review processes are
set out in the Annual Report. The policies ave available to

all employees end are contained in the Group's Corporate:
Compliance Manual which is published an the Alpha webstte,

Our human rights approach is detailed in our sustainable
business section in the Strategic Report

Detalls around aur corporate social responsibility approach
are explained in the sustainable business section.

alphafme.com


===== page 65 =====
62 Annuai Report & Accounts 2024



===== page 66 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 63

Corporate
Governance

64 Chairman's introduction

66 Board of Directors

8 Corporate Governance Code

70 Corporate governanes report

76 Nomination Committee report

78 ESG Committee report
80 Audit and Risk Committee report

84 Remuneration Committee report

85 Directors’ report

98 Statement of Directors’ responsibilities

99 Independent auditor's report

4s Aipha brings an unparalieled
level of expertise and depth
of market experience to its
the fmanciat advice
hey bring unique
arket
landscape and are
vabl.shed as our leading

work is

Director,
FTSE 100 advice leader

alphafme.com

9
8
3
8
B
3
2
2
3
F|
8
3
g



===== page 67 =====
64 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

ate Ov:

mance

Chairman's introduction

Ken Fry
Chairman

governance appropriately a
the Group's priorities. This i
managing risk. promoting a responsible
corporate culture and delivering the
growth strategy.

An introduction from the Chairman

As Directors of the Board, we understand that an engaged
Board and an effective committee structure facilitates the good
governance of the entire Group. As such, we have developed cur
governance structure to support the Group's continued success
and growth. The Board has an Audit and Risk Committee, a
Remuneration Committee, a Nomination Committee and an

ESG Committee, each with formal delegated duties and responsibilities,
The structure of the Board and its committees, together with the
executive management of the Group, is set out in the corporate
governance report on pp 70-75.

The role of the Chairman is to lead the Board and be responsible
for its governance, performance and effectiveness. Tha Chairman
sels the tone for the Company and ensures that the links between
the Board and the executive team, as well as between the Board
and the shareholders, are strong and efficient.

Recommended cash offer to acquire the Group

On 20 June 2024, the Board of Directors announced a
recommended cash offer to acquire Alpha by Actium Bidco {UK)
Limited, ¢ newly incorporated indirect subsidiary of certain funds
managed by Bridgepoint Advisers Limited, which is expected

to be implemented by way of a scheme of arrangement (the
“Offer"), Completion of this Offer will be subject to aporoval by
shareholders at a Court meeting and a General Meeting. The
timings and arrangements for these meetings will be confirmed
ina scheme document to be sent to sharenoiders. Further information
on the Offer can be found on the Company's website.

alphatme.com

Should the Offer be approved by shareholders, upon completion
of the Offer the Company is expected to be re-registered as a
private company, and will therefore no longer be subject to the
regulatory and governance framework applicable to public
companies. Upon completion of the Offer, it is the intention

of the Independent Directors to stap down from the Board.

As at the publication date of this report, the Company's shares
remain admitted to trading on the AIM market and the provisions
of the AIM Rules for Companies and the QCA Corporate Governance
Code continue to apply to the Company. Certain aspects of the
governance disclosures set out this report relate to the Group's
governance arrangements and areas of focus for FY 25, including
the Group's new Remuneration Policy as in effect from 1 April 2024.
These arrangements remain in place as at the date of publication
of this report and will continue to apply to the Group up to the
date of completion of the Offer.

The progress of the Offer in the coming weeks will determine
whether the Company is required to hold its 2024 Annual General
Meeting. A further update will be provided to sharenalders on this
matter in due course.

Compliance with the QCA Corporate
Governance Code

in recognising the importance of high standards of corporate
governance, integrity and business ethics, the Board continued to
apply the 2018 Quoted Company Alliance Corporate Governance
Code the °2018 QCA Code") during the year ended 31 March 2024
A description of how the Board has apalied the principies of this
Code is provicied on pp 68-89. The corporate governance report
on pp 70-75 sets out further information about the Group's
governance framework.

The Directors recognise the need to continue developing the
corporate governance structure and processes to reflect the
evolving requirements of the Group's shareholders, employees,
clients and wider stakeholders.

The Board has carefully considered the updates to the 2023
version of the Quoted Companies Corporate Governance Code
{the "2023 QCA Code"), and the Company has taken proactive
steps to ensure that it is now compliant with these new principles
for the financial year beginning 1 April 2024. Furthermore, a process
of implementing a number of enhancements to our governance
framework has already commenced during the current yaar,
inchading bolstering the Board evaluation pracess and the evolution
ol executive remuneration arrangements. We will report fully against
the 2023 OCA Code in our FY 26 Annual Report, in line wth QCA
recommendations (i stil relevant, in view of the Offed).

FY 24 in focus

in FY 24, a number of developments relating to the Board structure
and governance framework, as outlined in the FY 23 Annual Report
became fully embedded. Luc Baqueé formally took on the role of
Chief Executive Officer on 1 April 2023, following the completion
of a thorough handover from Euan Fraser, the former Chief Executive
Officer. Euan supported the Board as a Strategic Adviser until

9 January 2024, which ensured a smocth transition.


===== page 68 =====
FY 24 also saw the first full financial year with the ESG Committee
in place. This Committee aligns the Board's environmental, social
and governance priorities and decision-making processes with
intemal and external stakeholders, and it has overseen the shaping
and implementation of a comprehensive ESG strategy, alongside
other disclosures. The Group was pleased to have published its
first Sustainability Report and public UK Gender Pay Gap report
on its website, and its flest TCFD report is publisned within this
Annual Report and Accounts (see pp 48-51). The Group’s ESG
Committee report on pp 78-79 sets out this Committee's
activities during FY 24 and its priorities for FY 25 in more detail

Several new initiatives ancl enhancements to the governance
framawork commenced during FY 24 and will continue to evolve
in FY 25, The Remuneration Committee, with the guidance of an
external specialist remuneration consultant, undertook & comprehensive
review of the Group's remuneration arrangements for the Executive
Directors and senior management. This has culminated in a new
Remuneration Policy for FY 25, which is more closely aligned with
current best practice for a large AIM-quoted business, Details can
be found in the Remuneration Committee report on pp 84-94,
Anamportant element of this process was proactively consuting
with our major shareholders to see's their views on the proposals
before implementation.

The Group also took steps to strengthen an already robust risk
management process, Under the supervision and direction of the
Audit and Risk Commities. the risk policy has been reviewed and
updated as part of the annual review process, and an external
firrn has been engaged to provide internal aucit services to
supplement the existing audit process. Details of these deveiopments
can be found in the Audit and Risk Committee report on po 80-83.

The Group appointed its first in-house, fulttime Campany Secretary
n June 2023. Following the completion of a structured transition
progess from Prism CaSec during the year, the Company Secretary
works closely with the Board, its committees and the Group's
stakeholders, to ensure the governance framework continues to
be robust and, importantly, sable to evolve inline with best practice,

In the coming year, the Board will continue to champion the
Group's positive culture and robust governance framework

and ensure that they remain appropriate and propertionate to
the Group's size, complexity, risk profile, and stratagic ambitions.
The Board will implement further enhancements to the Group's
governance credentials curing FY 2, including demonstrating
progress against the ESG roacimap.

Stakeholders

The Board considers its key stakeholders to be its employees,

its shareholders, its clients and the communities in which the
Group operates, and understands these relationships facilitate

its decision making at an executive level, A statement setting out
how the Directors have discharged their duties under Section 172
of the Companies Act 2006, including a description of how the
Group has engaged with its key stakeholders, is set out on

pp 31-35.

Corporate culture

The Directors believe that the Group's culture, together with a
strong emphasis on integrity, business ethics, and good corporate
governance, ensures its ability to execute the strategy, deliver the
right outcomes for the Group's clients, and create value for
shareholders and cther stakeholders.

The Board is able to pramote and moniter the desired corporate
culture across the Group through its engagement with employee
representatives, review of relevant policies and decision making at
an executive level. The Group's culture and values are described
in the Looking After Our People section on pp 36-38,

Ken Fry

mar

alphatme.com

souBusaAng ee10d109


===== page 69 =====
66 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Cerporats Governance

Board of Directors

: pa -
ae a ae
Ken Fry Lue Baqué John Paton
independent Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer
Non-Executive Chairman
Committee: FERRI
membership

Ken joined the Aloha Board as a Non-Executive
Director in 2016 and was appointed
Non-Executive Chairman of the Group in
2018. In 2025, Ken will have served on the
Board tor nine years, anc succession planning
arrangements are therefore under consideration.

Term of
office

Luc was appointed a8 Chief Executive
Officer of Alpha on Apri 2023,

Johan joined Aipha as Chief Financial Officer
in 2018.

Committee
membership

Kon 1s Chair of the Nomination Committee,
anc’ a member of the Audit and Risk
Committee, the ESG Committee and the
Remuneration Committee.

Luc attends meetings of the Audit and Risk.
ESG, Nomination and Remuneration
Committees by invitation when appropriate.

Jona regularly attends the Audit and Risk
Committee meetings by invitation. He is aiso
invited to attend mestings of the ESG,
Nomination, anc Remuneration Committees
bby imitation when appropriate.

Ken was Global Chief Operating Otficer at
Aberdeen Asset Management for nearly 10
years and has over 30 years’ axperiencs In
financial services, He has considerable
‘exparience integrating acquisitions within
the investment management industry and a
strong tachnalogy and operations background,
having undertaken many transformational
projects during hes career. He directed the
integration of major acquisitions while at
Aberdeen Asset Management, including
assets acquired from Deutsche Asset
Management, Credit Suisse Asset
Management and Scottish Widows,
Investment Partners.

Skills and
experience

Ken keeps the skils to support and deliver
the Group's strategy up to date by mantaining
a wide network of global contacts within the
financial services industry. He regularly
attends conferences and discussicn forums
to keep abreast ot industry issues and meots
with clients, employees, advisers and
institutional investors, He also advises on
MBA strategy within the investment
management and wealth industry.

External
appointments

Ken has no other significant commitments
oF appointments to other puolioly
traded companies.

Luc joined Alpha in 2010 as Head of Asset
8. Wealth Management Consulting ~ France
from 2010 to 2015, Head of Asset & Wealth
Management Consuking - Europe from 2015
to 2020 and Globai Head ct Asset & Wealth
Management Consulting from 2020 unt his,
appointment as Chief Executive Officer of
the Group. Luc nas over 20 years of exnerence
in the industry. Prior to joining Alpha, he was
Head of Change Management al UBS Wealth
Management in Paris (or five years, and
spent six years speciaksing in financial
services with Solving International, @
strategy management consultancy,

Luc holds a Master's degree in Engineering
from Ecole Centrale de Marseille and completed
an Executive Pragram at the Stanford
University Graduate School of Business,

As Chiat Executive Officer, Luc has to
understand anc manage the interests of a
range of stakeholders, including employees,
chents, competitors and investors. Luc
maintains strong industry relationships,
which involves shanng of knowledge and
perspective on current themes ang topics.

John is a chartered accountant with over
25 years fnance, banking, corporate finance
and accountancy practice experience. He
started his career at KPMG, working across
financial services audit, risk management,
financial reporting governance, risk and
intemal contro's, and systems implementations.
John joined Aipha fram HSBC where he was
a Director in both the Global Banking & Markets
and Commercial Banking divisions in London,
Over his 11-year tenure at HSBC, he advised
ona variety of MBA transactions and ied loan
financings for UK corporates. Prior to this, he
focused on capital raisings, including AIM
IPOs. While at Aloha, Jchn hes managed the
financial aspects of the aequisitions and
integrations of Axxsys and Obsidian Solutions
in 2079, Licnpoint in 2027 ane Shoreline in
May 2028.

He is a memiver of the Institute of Chartered
Accountants of Scotland, graduated LLB
{Hons} from the University of Aberdeen and
folds an Executive MBA from the University
of Bristol and Ecole Nationale des Ponts at
Chaussées, France,

John’s role involves deep knowledge of the
Group's management, francial and operational
activities, and important corporate and statutory
responsibilities. He also maintains 2 detailed
ew ofindustry, financial and regulatory changes
and stays updated through dialogue with
adwsers, regular technical reading, online
gourses and attending relevant events,

None.

alphafme.com


===== page 70 =====
Committee membership key
2 Auait and Risk Committee:
IESG Commitee

af Nomination Committee

1 Remuneration Committee

Annual Report & Accounts 2024

87

Char
get
t. t
Penny Judd vill May Maeve Byrne
Senior independent Independent mdependent
Non-Executive Director Non-Executive Director, Non-Executive Director
an Heong

Penny jomad the Alpha Board as Senior
Independent Non-Executive Directer in
February 2018.

Jill joined the Alpha Board as a
Non-Executive Director in July 2020.

Maeve joined tha Alpha Board as a
Non-Executive Director on 16 May 2022,

Fenny is Chair of the Remuneration
Committee and 2 member of the Audit and.
Risk, ESG and Nomination Committees.

Jif is Chair of the ESG Committee and a
mneenber of the Aucht and Risk, Nommation
and Remuneration Committees,

Maeve Is Chair of the Audit anc! Risk
Committee and a member of the ESG,
Nomination and Remuneration Committees.

Penny has 2 strong public markets and
‘nancial services background, with over 30
years’ experience in compliance, regulation
corporate finance and ausil and 1s a qualified
chartared accountant, Prior to joining Alpha,
Penny held the roles of Managing Director
and EMEA Head of Compliance at both
Nomura International pic and UBS AG.

‘She was Non-Executive Chaw of Plus500
Limited from 2076 to 2021

Penry maintains the skills fo support and
deliver the Group's strategy through her
‘experience gained on other listed company
boards and has a wide network of contacts
in financial services and regulation, She
altends various conferences and events
sovoring relevant industry and governance
matters, ang regularly meets with a range of
advisers and institutional investors in AIM
and main market companies,

lif has over 20 years’ experience in
invesiment barking, with her executive
career spent working in corperate finance
for SG Warburg & Go. Ltd (1985-96) and
senicr positions in group strategy at UBS,
‘where she was @ Managing Director from
2001 to 2012. She was @ Panel Member
(2013-48) and a Non-Executive Director
{2013-18} of the Competition and Markets
Authorty ((CMAY) and a Non-Executive
Director cf the institute of Chartered
Accountants in England and Wales
(ICAEW) 2035-18),

Jill maintains @ wide network of contacts in
Grancial services and requietion, She altends
various onferances and events covering
relevant industry and ESG matters and stays
updated on ESG regulation and reporting
practice devetcoments.

Maeve is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered
Accountants in ireland and has over 20) years’
experience in financial servicas, She started
her career 2s an guditor with KPMG Ireland
and worked in several other KPMG international
offices in Europe and North America. Within
KPMG, Maeve moved trom ausit to transaction
gervices where sh was a Financial Services
Partner from 2002 to 2014. From 2010 10
2013, she was saconded to Royal Bank of
Scotland and the Non-Core Division, where
she was Chief Financial Oficer and a member
of the Group Finance Board and Risk &
Controt Committae, From 2014 to 2017, she
held senior executive roles at the Royal Bank
of Scotiand in Capita! Resolutions Group ana
Willams & Glyn,

Since 2017, Maeve has focused on
transformation services. offering boars
advisory services as an independent
consultant. She has worked with financial
serviogs companes including Santander
and olients in the fintecvneabank space.

She maintains the skits 10 support and deliver
the Group's strategy by attending events
covering relevant industry and governance
matters, particulary in relation to her rote as
Chair of the Auait and Risk Committee.

Ponny 's currently Non-Executive Owrector
and Chair of tne Auait and Risk Committee
of Trulin ple and Team? Group pic and
Non-Executive Char of FRP Advisory Group:
Pic. Penny is also Chair of the Audit and Risk
Committee of Lendinvest pic 28 at the date
of this report, put will stop down from thes
role swith effect from the publication of
Loncinvest pic's annual results in July 2024.

sills currently an Exteral Member of the
Prudentias Regutaton Committee at the Bank
of England ane « Non-Executive Director of
abrdn Property Income Teust Liriled anc JP
Morgan Clavernause Investment Trust olé. She
's.also an Adviser to the Strategy Commitiae of
James Hambro and Partners, and a Trustee of
Tusk. a charity supporting progressive
conservation milatives across Africa.

Maeve has no signilicant commutments or
appointments to other publicly traded companies

alphafme.com

9
g
3
8
a
3
oa
2
8
3
F|
3
3



===== page 71 =====
68

Annual Report & Accounts 2024

copurate Goverws

Corporate Governance Code

The 2018 OCA S

govern
Annua

Noe aS

Repor?

che 2016 GCA Ue

relating to alice
A surpnary of

raduires the Group ¢
m8 below ad to puolsr is
the website or a cor bavaties

Sve
seyarolen ir

“naps

wey .
related disciasa:
stains two. Th
Fy 24

oe stateme

OD primcipt

provid

The revised principles of the 2023 QUA Code apply to financial years baginning on or after 1 April 2024 and, in accordance with the
QCA's recommendation, the Board will disclose how it has applied the principles of the 2023 QCA Code in the FY 25 Annual Report
{if still relevant. in view of the Offer.

Section 1: Deliver growth

Links to the following report section

Principle 1:

Establish a strategy
and business model
that promote long-term

The business model is premised upon delivering growth
through the cross-seli and up-sell of its high-quality
service offering to existing clients and the sale of its
services to new clients.

The Group’s business model and strategy
are described in the Strategic Report on
pp 16-23.

value for shareholders. 1 strategy Is to continua growing in both existing and
new jurisdictions by developing the service proposition.
In seeking to implement its strategic aims, the Board
takes account of the expectations of the Group's
shareholder base in addition to its wider stakeholder
and social responsibilities.
Principle 2: Good, consistent engagement with shareholders is given The Group’s approach to shareholder
Seek to understand a high priority by the Board. The principal methods of cornmunications is described in the corporate
and meet sharshokder communication with shareholders are through regular, governance report on pp 70-75.
needs and expectations. direct executive-level engagement at meetings and capital ,
markets events, the Annual Report and Accounts, the eee eae fest the chet Franca
interim and ful-year results announcements, the Annual {A ITCT APC TTY on ee cholders
General Meeting (‘AGM") and the Group's website, p
alphatme.com/investors. {company.secretary@alphatme,com),
The Chairman and Non-Executive Directors are avaiable Bu“ the year, the Cairo he Hermuneration
to meet with shareholders, if required, to discuss any :
items of importance. shareholders in retation to the consultation
on the FY 26 Remuneration Policy,
Principle 3: The Board, supported by the executive team, is committed — The Group's community and corporate social
Take into account wider to operating a socially and ethically responsible company. responsiblity disclosure is provided as part
stakeholder and social of the sustainable business section on

responsibilities and
their implications for
long-term success.

Engagement with stakeholders and wider communities
ensures alignment of interests and facilitates good
decision making,

0. 45. A separate Sustainability Report is also
published on the Group's website.

The Group's engagement model with clients
and wider stakeholders is described in the
Strategic Report on pp 31-35.

Principle 4:
Embed effective tisk
management, considering
both opportunities and
threats, throughout

the organisation.

alphafme.com

The Board has overall responsibility for the Group's risk
management framework, including internal control and
risk management systems. in executing this role, it regularly
considers and reviews the risks and opportunities facing
the Alpha business.

The goal of the Board is to set policies that seek to reduce
ongoing risk as far as possible, without unduly affecting
the Group's competitiveness and flexibility

‘The Group's risk management framework
is described in the Strategic Report

on pp 52-56 and in the corporate
governance report on pp 70-75.



===== page 72 =====
Section 2: Maintain a dynamic framework

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 69

Links to the following report section

The Group believes that the Soard’s composition

brings a desirable range of skills, personal quaiities

and professional credentials. Suitable Board operations,
access to advice and administrative services, effective
induction of new Directors and a regular performance
assessment aiso ensure Board effectiveness.

Principle 5:

Maintain the Board as a
well-functioning, balanced
team led by the Chair.

The Board's composition and operating
framework is described in the corporate
governance report on pp 70-75

Principle 6:

Ensure that between
them, the Directors
have the necessary
up-to-date experience,
skills and capabilities.

Alpha’s Board needs to represent a range of skills and
competencies as an AIM-quoted provider of specialist
consultancy services to the asset management, wealth
management and insurance industries. The Board
includes experience in public markets, financial services,
governance and ausit, the consulting sector, and
dusiness operations.

Principle 7:
Evaiuate Board
performance based on
olear and relevant
objectives, seeking
continuous:
improvement,

Principle 8:

Promote a corporate
culture based on ethical
values and behaviours.

budgets and key corporate activities, and oversee its
progress towards its goals. The Group has a process for
evaluating the performance of the Board, committees
and individual Cirectors in respect of those objectives.

values are embedded throughout the Group’s leadership
and organisation.

The Board’s objectives are to approve the Group's strategy, The Board’s evaluation framework and

The Board recognises its role in fostering and safeguarding
a culture of inclusion, responsibility and openness. These

Biographical detat’s of the Directors, including
relevant experiences and how skill sets are

kept up to date, are provided on pp 66-67

of the corporate governance report.

°
g
3
8
ry
3
o
8
g
8
5
EH
3

Alll Directors voluntarily offer themselves for
re-election by shareholders at each Annual
General Meating,

FY 24 evaluation process are described
in the corporate governance report
on pp 70-75 and the Nomination
Committee report on pp 76-77.

The Group's culture and values are
discussed in the looking after our people
section on pp 36-39.

The ESG strategy and roadmap is overseen
by the ESG Committee and details of its role
and activities are included in the ESG
Committee report on pp 78-79.

The Group's Sustainability Report, which
can be found on the Alpha website at
alphafme.com/investors, also provides
supporting complementary information
on the Group's ESG activities,

Principle 9:
Maintain governance
structures and processes
that are fit for purpose
and good decision
making by the Board,

framework, In this framework, the Board supports the
‘executive team in developing and executing the Group's

constructive dialogue.

Section 3: Build trust
Principle 10:
Communicate how the
Company is governed
and is performing by
maintaining a dialogue
with shareholders and
other relevant stakeholders,

‘The Group places a great emphasis on high standards
of corporate governance and effective engagement with
its shareholders and stakeholders. In addition to the
Annual Report and Accounts, the website is updated
regularly with information regarding the Group's activities
ang performance.

strategy, and key decisions are reached through open and

The Group operates an effective, streamlined governance A governance chart is provided on 9. 74 and

processes are described on pp 72-73 of the
corporate governance report

Links to the following report section

‘The governance of the Company. which
is led by the Board, is desorised in the
corporate governance report on pp 70-75.

The website, alphafmnc.convinvesters, provides:
the Group's reports and presentations,
notices of AGM and results af voting on all
resolutions at AGMs,

alphatme.com



===== page 73 =====
70 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

omar.

iiovarnance

Corporate governance report

Board composition

‘The Board comprises six Directors: the independent Non-Executive
Chairman, three independent Non-Executive Directors and two
Executive Directors,

As a leading global provider of specialist consultancy services
to the financial services industry and an AIM-quoted company,
Alpha requires a range of skills, capabilities and competencies
to be represented on the Board, including experience in public
markets, financial services, governance and audit, the consulting
sector and business operations. Tne Board is confident that its
members have the aporopriate balance of functional and sector
experience, skills, personai qualities and capabilities to provide
constructive support and challenge to the Executive Directors,
and to deliver the strategy of the Group for the bensfit of the
shareholders over the medium to long term. The biographies

of the Directors, including a summary of their relevant skills

and experience can be found on pp 66-67,

The Board also recognises thal, as the Group evolves, the mix
of skills and experience required on the Board may evolve and
the Board composition will need to reflect those changes. The
Nomination Committee has responsibility for succession. planning
for the Board, its committees and senior management,

A tigorous Board performance evaluation for FY 24 was undertaken
during March and April 2024. The evaluation was conducted
using a recognised online platform and was followed by an
in-person review of the output by the Nomination Committee.
The results of Board performance evaluations are used to infarm
the Group’s succession plats and ary Board develooment needs
Further details of the FY 24 Board evaluation review, including the
scope of the review and key findings, can be found on p. 77.

Roles of the Directors

‘The Group operates an effective, appropriate governance
framework. The Soard has collective and ultimate responsibility
for establishing a strategy and business model thal promotes
long-term value for shareholders, The Board is supported by the
Group's executive team, led by the Chief Executive Officer,

in developing and executing the Group's strategy.

The Executive Directors have strong knowledge of the operations
of the Group, the interests of its stakeholders, and its market and
financial positions. Senior executives below Board level attend
Board meetings upon request to present andi discuss business
strategy and updates.

The Executive Directors that served on the Board throughout the
year were Luc Baqué, as Chie! Executive Officer, and John Paton,
the Chief Financial Officer. Luc Baqué was appointed as Chief
Executive Officer on 1 April 2023, following a structured transition
from Euan Fraser, the outgoing Chief Executive Officer, To maximise
continuity, Euan Fraser undertook a part-time role as Strategic
Adviser to the Board between 1 April 2023 and 9 January 2024.

alphatme.com

The independent Non-Executive Directors of the Board are
Ken Fry, Penny Judd, vill May and Maeve Byrne. They were
selected with the objective of increasing the breadth of skills
and experience of the Board, bringing constructive and
independent challenge te the Executive Directors and
monitoring their performance. The Non-Executive Directors
are also responsible for the effective running of the Board's
committees and ensuring that the committees support and
facilitate the strategic priorities of the Board.

Penny Judd is the Senior Independent Non-Executive Director
(’SID’). The principal role of the SID is to act as a sounding board
for the Chairman and to serve as an intermediary for the other
Directors when necessary. Penny is also available to shareholders
should they wish to discuss concerns that they feel have not been
resolved through the normal channels of engagement with the
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer or Executive Directors, or for
which such contact is inappropriate,

At the head of the Group, there is a clear delineation of responsibilities
between the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer.
‘The Non-Executive Chairman jaads the Board and is responsible
for its governance, performance and effectiveness. This includes
ensuring that the dynamics of the Board are functional and
productive and that no individual Director dominates discussion
or decision making. in this role, the Chairman sets the tone for the
Company and ensures that the links between the Beard and the
executive team, as well as between the Board and the shareholders.
are strong and effective. Meanwhile, the Chief Executive Officer is
responsiole for the day-to-day management of the Group's global
‘operations, tor proposing the strategic glan and focuses to the
Board, and for implementing tne strategic goals agreed by the Board,

vent

Board of Directors independent
Non-Executive

Responsiole for estabkshing Charman

the Company's strategic

direction and overseeing

a robust framework

of governance.

Executive Directors Lue Baqué Chief Executive
Officer

Responsible for day-to-day

management of the _ 7

Company's businass Jahn Paton hist Financial

operations and dalivery Officer

of Group strategy.

Non-Executive Penny Judd Senior Independent

Directors Non-Executive
Director

Responsible for providing ee

independant challenge to, ill May Independent

and oversight of the Non-Executive

performance of, the Olrector

Executive Directors. as

Maeve Byone Independent

Non-Executive
Director



===== page 74 =====
Board independence

The Board considers an independent Non-Executive Director to
be free from any relationship that might materially interfere with
the exercise of independent judgement.

The Non-Executive Directors are considered to be independent
and therefore the Board is compliant with the QCA Cede on the
topic of Director independence. All Directors are encouraged and
expected to use their independent judgement and to challenge all
matters, whether strategic or operational

Appointments to the Board and re-election

The Board has delegated to the Nomination Committee the task of
reviewing Board composition, searching for appropriate candidates
and making recommendations te the Board on candidates to be
appointed to the Board. Decisions regarding the appointment and
removal of Directors are reserved for the full Board. Further details
are set out in the Nomination Committee report on ap 76-77.

Under the Company's Articles of Association, the Directors
have the power to appoint new Directors during the year, but

any person appointed by the Board since the last Annuai General
Mosting is obliga to retire and offer themselves for re-election.
Furthermore, in accordance with recommended best practice,

all Directors intend to offer themselves for re-election at the 2024
AGM (if held}. The Board! considers that each of the Directors
offering themselves for re-election makes a valuable contribution
to the Board and demonstrates commitment to the Group.

Diversity
‘The Board values diversity in its broadest sense and is committed
to creating an inclusive culture, free from discrimination of any kind.
‘When assessing new Director appointments, the Nomination
Committee considers the benefits of diversity for better decision
making and diversity of thought, in addition to locking at how to
maintain within the Board the appropriate balance of skills,
independence and knowledge of the Company, its services and
the industry as a whole, Recognising the benefits that diversity
can bring to all areas of the Group and noting the recommendations
in the reports of the Hampton-Alexander review and the FTSE
Women Leaders review?5, women currently represent 50% of
Aipha's Board, including the role of Senior Independent Director.

The Group has a comprehensive Diversity & Inclusion programme,
which was first established in 2015 and which has evolved
steadily year on year. Diversity & Inclusion initiatives are run
voluntarily by members of the global Consulting team, supported
by the Group Responsible Business function, and overseen by
the ESG Commities. Alpha is committed to a positive policy of
promoting equality of opportunity and diversity, providing an
inclusive environment, and eliminating any unfair or unlawful
discrimination, which apolies to all offices, all ousiness areas
and all levels from graduate to the Chief Executive Officer.

2% Refers 1, ne Hampion-Bievancer ‘ey ew ancl FTSE Women Leaders revierUK.
Hampton Alexander “ge0 was gublgred in Fenruary 2021. 4

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 ral

in order to consider the effectiveness and priorities of the Diversity
& Inclusion programme, the ESG Committee receives regular
updates on the programme. The Group has a Social Responsibility
Lead who, working alongside senior business leads, heips ensure
that Allpha’s governance, recruitment and internal processes are
managed and evolving appropriately to deliver a sufficiently
diverse group of candidates, hires and employees.

‘The Beard Is committed to supporting tangible actions that will
support diversity across the entire Group, and in April 2024 the
Group publicly communicated its first Group-wide diversity
ambition. This is tor 25% of the global director team to be
women or nonbinary in five years’ time.

°
3
3
3
3
Ey
2
3
3
3
Fy
Et
3

[Ey Peat more about the Diversity & inclusion programme and policy
within our Sustainability Report

Board statistics

Gender
@Male-3
Female ~3

Role

@ dependent Non-Executive
Charman — 1

Independent Non-Executive
Directors - 2

Executve Directors - 2

Length of tenure
@ 0-1 years -1
@ 1-3 yeas-1
3-5 years—1
5-10 years -3
10+ yaars - 0

boards and in ser 9r-eadersrio nasrians Tne final eapont of re
cipished © February 2028

alphafme.com


===== page 75 =====
72 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

vorate Gover

How the Board operates

The Board is responsible for the Group's strategy
and overall management. The operation of the
Board is documented in a formal schedule of
matters reserved for its approval. which sets out
the Board's responsibilities.

The Board is required to meet at least six times a
year. During the financial year, nine Goard meetings
took place. Five of these meetings were neld in
person and four of these were held via video
conference facility. A number of ad hoc calls

and Board cammittes meetings ware also held

to discuss topical or time sensitive matters, to
approve financial results announcernents and
trading updates, or to implement decisions taken
by the Board as a whole under delegated authorties.
The Board also held dedicated strategy sessions
with input from senior management in April and
September 2023, in line with the schedule of
annual Board activity.

The Directors seek to attend all meetings of the
Board and the committees on which they sit and
ensure that they allocate sufficient time to the
Group as is needed to enable them to carry out
their responsibitities as Directors,

The time commitment required of all Non-Executive
Directors is currently three days per month, which
is set out in their letters of appointment. During
the year, the Board reviewed the time commitment
of the Non-Executive Directors and is satistied
that each of the Directors dedicates sufficient time
to the Group's business.

The Board and committee scheduies are planned
in advance of the financial year ahead, in order to
facilitate attencance and ensure that the appropriate
discussion time is avaiable. The number of meetings
of the Board held during FY 24, and the attendance
by each Board member are provided below:

Eligible to
Bourd member attend Attendance:
Ken Fry (Chairman) 9 9

3
9
9

vill May
John Paton o “9

+ Aginoe recing Held by video conferencing tacilty, which sit May
yas uneble to attend dus to pre-existing arrangements

aiphafme.com

‘The Board has an agenda of regular business, financial and operational matters
for giscussion, as well as a review of each of the Board committees’ areas of work.
The key activities of the Board meetings during the year included the following

Strategic

Performance

Governance
and risk

Stakeholders

" Discussed the strategy and reviewed the progress of
strategia priorities,

Discussed the Group's capital structure and
financial strategy.

Considered and approved the acquisition of Shoreline

Reviewed and discussed the Group’s acquisition
strategy and potential acquisition targets.

Received presentations trom members of the senior
management team, covering key regions and business areas.

Approved the financial reporting, including interim and
full-year results.

Reviewed the dividend policy and approved a final
dividend of 10.50p per share in relation to the year
ended 31 March 2023

Considered and declared an interim dividend of 3.70p
per share for FY 24.

Under the supervision of the Audit and Risk Committee,
reviewed and updated financial and non-financial policies,
including the risk golicy and the whistleblowing policy,
and reviewed and agreed updates to the Group's risk
policy and risk management framework, including the
principal risks.

Under the supervision of the ESG Committee,
reviewed and approved the ESG roacmap.

Discussed and monitored the regulatory and
compliance landscape and reviewed corporate
governance requirements and processes, including
reviewing the 2023 QCA Corporate Governance Code.

Under the supervision of the Remuneration Committee,
reviewed the existing Remuneration Policy and agreed
updates to this, to take effect from 1 April 2024.
Appointed the Group's first in-house Company Secretary.

‘Continued an open dialogue with the investor community.

Reviewed the progress of key client relationships and
engagemonts across the Group.

Reviewed the actions taken by senior management to
review and support employee retention and wellbeing

The Chairman, aided by the Company Secretary, is responsible for ensuring that
the Directors raceive accurate and timely information for the Board meeting.
Board packs are circulated at least four business days prior to the meeting.

The Company Secretary provides minutes of each meeting and every Director is
aware of the right to have any concerns documented. In addition, the Company
Secretary ensures that any feedback or suggestions for improvement of the
Board papers are documented and evaluated for amendment or enhancement
with respect to future meetings of the Board.


===== page 76 =====
Committees of the Board

The Board has in place Audit and Risk, Remuneration,
Nomination and ESG Committees, each with delegated
responsibilities and duties set out formally within terms of
reference. The tarms of reference for the individual committees
are reviewed regularly and approved by the Board.

From time to time, separate ad hoo committees may be set up by
the Board to consider and address specitic issues or objectives,
when the need arises.

Audit and Risk Committee

Responsible for monitoring the integrity of the Campany's
financial statements anc overseeing the effectiveness of the
Company's systems of risk management and internal control.
The Audit and Risk Committee report can be found on

pp 80-83,

Nomination Committee

Responsible for the structure, size. composition, effectiveness
and suecession planning of the Board. Further information can
be found on pp 76-77.

Remuneration Committee

Responsible for setting fixed and variable Executive Director
remuneration and manitoring senior management remuneration
fevels, Further information can be found on pp 84-94

ESG Committee

Responsible for the development and implementation of the
Group's ESG strategy, The ESG Committee report is included
on pp 78-79. Further information about the Group's ESG
prionties, efforts and progress can be found in the sustainable
business section on pp 40-47.

The structure and operation of the Board's committees were
considered by the Board as part of the FY 24 Board evaluation.
The Board concluded that the composition of each committee
remained appropriate, and that each committee was operating
effectively. This year saw the first full year of operation for the
ESG Committee and the publication of the Group's first ESG
Committee report and its first Sustainability Report. Further
information about the key areas of activity and focus of this
Committee can be found on pp 78-79

Annual Report & Accounts 202473

External advisers

‘The Board members may seek the advice of the Group's legal
advisers, corporate brokers, external auditor and the Nominated
Adviser (‘NOMAD") on matters within the Board or the cornmittoes!
terms of reference, or to obtain recommendations on specific
corporate or governance events. During the year the Board also
appointed Grant Thornton to conduct internal audit services

(see p. 81 for details} and the Remuneration Committee appointed
haglenfem to provide advice on remuneration matters (see p. 93
for details),

Investec is the Group's NOMAD, as well as its joint broker
alongside Berenberg. The Directors have direct access to
the acivice and services of an in-house Company Secretary,

9
g
3
8
Fa
&
2
2
s
3
3
Ey
3
&

Development, information and support

The Company Secretary ensures that all Directors are kept
abreast of changes in relevant legislation and regulations, with
the assistance of the Group's other advisers where appropriate,
Executive Directors are subject to a performance review and
development process through which their performance against
predetermined objectives is reviewed and their personal and
professional development needs are considered. Non-Executive
Directors are encouraged to raise any personal development or
training needs with the Chairman or Company Secretary. During
‘the year, training undertaken by the Board included refresher
training from the Company’s NOMAD on the obligations on
AIM-quoted companies, and training on pertinent ESG matters,
including diversity and inclusion.

Board effectiveness

The objectives of the Board are to review, formulate and approve
the Group's strategy, to review, discuss and agree budgets and
key corporate activities, and to oversee the Group's progress
towards its goals, The Group has a structured process for evaluating
the performance and effectiveness of the Board, its committees
and the Directors individually in respect of these objectives. in
addition, the Chairman assesses the Board as a whole regularly
to ensure that itis functioning efficiently and productively.

A formal Board evaluation process was undertaken during March
2024 and Apni 2024 in respect of FY 24, with oversight from the
Nomination Committee. A variety of approaches were considered
for the FY 24 evaluation, including enhancing the existing internally-led
process and the engagement of an external Board evaluator,
Following careful consideration, the decision was taken to
introduce an online board evaluation platform, "BoardClic’, to
enhance the process, Details of the FY 24 Board evaluation,
including the areas covered by the review and the key findings.
are detailed in the Nomination Committee report on p. 77.

aiphafme.com


===== page 77 =====
74 Annuat Report & Accounts 2024

Board structure

Alpha Board
Agrees Group strategy
Oversees progress towards strategic goals

Shareholder and stekeholder engagement

Chairman of the Board

Leadership of the Board
Reviews performance of the Board Directors

Ensures appropriate and
effective corporate governance

|
i
!

Key

@ Executive

Q Audit anc Risk Committee
BESG Commitee

§ Nomination Committee
4 Remuneration Committee

Group Coordination Group Executive Audit and Risk
Committee Committee Committee
Management of Monitors anc addresses Ensures effective
business operations _strategic direction of the systems of internal
Group’ | and risk
Coordination of roup's business conte and risI
4 ie agement
‘commercial activities Execution of strategy and
Proposes any changes to Oversees the Group's

Maintains Group

apne po
Environment, Nomination Remuneration
Social and Committee Committee
Governance Reviews Board ‘Agrees remuneration
Committee composition and —_ policies for the Executive
Oversees development of —_—balance of skils Directors and members
the ESG strategy and of senior management

Leads the process for

agrees associated farg8tS Board appointments

Ensures operation of

aS Oren cre the strategy fnerciel=p0%%0S —Revewsimplamertston —ngres agpropiate —VaNsPavent simple
Monitors coordination, Appoints and oversees and progress of succession planning incentive schemes
‘cross-salling and the relationship with the the strategy enue sone
tiective decision-making external auditor and Enguras appropriate . ___ Considers aignment
cite manners « cescme <8" acroés'the Group ““oversees the internal ESG priorities within ~ Fewerd with long-terin
business model audit process ‘Alpna's governance and shareholder value
business modst
[
ief Executive i Global Head. Global Head, : Global Head,
Officer | Lionpoint Aiviq : Insurance
' i Consulting

Conflicts of interest

The Company has effective procedures in place to identify,
monitor and manage any conflicts of interest. At each meeting of
the Board or its committees, the Directors are required to declare
any interests in the matters to be discussed and are regularly
reminded of their duty to notify any actual or potential contlicts of
interest, The Company's Articles provide for the Board to authorise
any actual or potential conflicts of interest if deemed appropriate
todo so.

aiphafme.com

Group Managing
Director

Global Head,
Asset & Wealth
Management
Consulting

Internat controls and risk management

The Board has overall accountability far the systems of internal
control and risk management. The Audit and Risk Committee
reviews and assures the effectiveness of the Group's internal
controls and risk management on the Board's behalf.

AS part of that duty, the Board determines the Group's risk
management appetite and policies. In this respect, the objective
of the Board is to set policies that seek to reduce ongoing risk as
far as possible, without unduly affecting the Groue’s competitiveness
and flexibility. The Board believes that this approach serves the
interests of creating sustainable shareholder value while also
protecting the Group's corporate culture and other

stakeholder interests.


===== page 78 =====
Engagement calendar FY 24

April 2023 June 2023 September 2023
Pre-close Full-year results Private client oroker
investor virtual roadshow, and shareholder
meetings UK and Europe

meetings. UK

Qe ee

Aprit 2023 September 2023
Pre-close Annual General
trading update Meeting

The operational functions of the Group are carried out within a
Practical and effective risk management framework. The Group
Coordination Committee has executive responsibility for identifying
and managing risk effectively across the business. Any material
Operational decisions made by the Group Coordination Committee
in this respect are reviewed by the Board.

The identified material operational, industry and market, financial,
ervironmental and social, and commercial and legal risks facing
the Group are also reported to the Board. A summary of the
Principal risks and uncertainties, as well es mitigating actions,

are provided in the Principal Risks section of the Strategic Report.
The Board formally reviews, agrees and documents the principal
risks to the business at least annually.

Alpha has a full-time Group Head of Risk & Responsible Business.
who oversees Aipha’s risk framework and processes. During the
yéar, the Audit and Risk Committee reviewed the Group's risk
Policy along with the risk framework and internal controls, and
subject to certain updates, it was agreed that they were appropriate
for the operating context and business modisl. The Group's risk
Management processes and any opportunities to introduce
further enhancements are regularly reviewad and changes are
implemented as appropriate.

Shareholder communications

The Board places great emphasis on maintaining an effective
dialogue with shareholders, which it considers to be integral to
long-term growth and success. It is committed to communicating
consistently and openly with shareholders.

‘The principal methods of communication are the Annual Report
and Accounts. the interim and ‘ull-year results announcements,
the AGM and the Group's investor wabsite, alphafme.convinvestors.
The website is undated regularly with information regarding the
Group's governance, activities and performance, including both
Statutory and non-statutory regulatory news announcements,
which are issued throughout the year to update on financial.
operational and ather matters.

The Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer meet with
the representatives of the Group's institutional investors as well
a5 investment analysts to ensure thal the Group's corporate
objectives, strategies and operational developments are clear
and undersiood.

a ee a, aaa

Annuat Report & Accounts 202475

October 2023 March 2024
Pre-close Trading update
investor
meetings

October 2023 November 2023 March-April 2024
Pre-close Interim results Investor conference
trading update virlual roadsnow, alls, UK and Europe
UK and Europe

in-person and virtual investor roadshows are held following the
announcement of the final and interim results, attended by the
Ghief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and there are
also ad noc investor megtings that are part of the building of
relationships with existing and future shareholders. Details of
investor relations activity and a review of the shareholder register
are shared with the Board on a regular basis during the year.

Understanging what analysts and investors think about the Group
ig an equally important cornponent of these interactions. The Board
as a whole is kept informed of their feedback and views by the
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Cfficer, This includes
information provided by the Groups joint corporate brokers, Berenberg
and Investec, following investor meetings. The Chairman and
Non-Executive Directors are also avalable to meet with sharcholsiers,
if required, to discuss any items of importance.

The Board will also engage directly with major shareholders on
certain strategic matters where this is accepted good practice.
For example, during April 2024 a consultation with major sharenolders
was undertaken in relation to the Group's FY 26 executive
remuneration arrangements and updates to the Remuneration
Policy. Further details can be found on p. 86

Annual General Meeting

On 20 June 2624, the Board announced a recommended cash
offer fo acquire Alpha by Actium Bidco (UK) Limited, a newly
incorporated indirect subsidiary of certain funds managed by
Bridgepoint Advisers Limited. Further details can be found on

p. 64 and on the Company's website. If this Offer is completed,
itis expected that the Group will be re-registered as a private
company, in which case it may na longer be necessary for the
Company to held a 2024 AGM, depending on the timing of that
re-registration. A further update will be provided to sharehoiders
in due course.

By order of the Board
Ken Fry
:

alpratmc.com

9
Ey
3
g
3
3
iJ
2
$
Zz
F 9
g
3
%



===== page 79 =====
76 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Nomination Committee report

Membership

Ken Fry (Chair)
JilMey
Maeve Byrne
Penny Judd

Key actions from FY 24
— Enhanced the existing Beard evaluation process.

— Ensured a smooth transition and induction far the
Chief Executive Officer.

— Reviewed succession plans for the Board and
senior management,

Priorities for FY 25

— Progress actions identified from the FY 24 Board
evaluation process.

— Consider any training and development needs for
Board members.

— Further review succession plans for the Board and senior
management to ensure that these remain up to date.

— Undertake succession planning for the Chair, wno will
have served on the Board for nine years in 2025.

The Norminaton Comynittes taads the
process far Board appoineme 4
makes recommendations aco.
composibon and succession piasming

On behalf of the Board, | am pleased to present the Nomination
Committee's report for the year ended 31 March 2024.

Committee composition and governance

The Committee is composed wholly of independent Non-Executive
Directors, It 1s chaired by the Chairman of the Board, Ken Fry.
and its other members are Penny Judd, Jill May and Maeve
Byrne. All members served throughout the year.

The Nomination Committee meets as and when necessary, but
at least twice a year. The Nomination Committee met formally
twice during FY 24 and ail members of the Committee attended
both meetings.

In the event that the matter under discussion relates to the Chairman's
re-appointment or succession, tne Committee is chaired by an
independant Non-Executive Director, The Group's Company
Secretary attends each meeting, and the Chief Executive Officer

and Chief Financial Officer are invitad to join meetings as appropriate.

The Committee's main duties are set out in its terms of reference,
which are reviewed annually and are available on the Company's
investor website (alphafmec.convinvestors/board- committees),

alphatme.com

(.
we)

ye

Ken Fry
Chair of the
Nemination
Committee

The purpose of the Committee is to keep under review the
structure, size and composition of the Board, as well as
succession planning for the Directors. It leads the grocess
for identifying and nominating, for approval by the Board,
candidates to fil Board and committee vacancies.

The Committee follows a robust process for recommending
appointments and re- appointments to the Board, Its primary
responsibilities in this area include:

— Regularly reviewing the structure, size and composition of
the Board to ensure that it has an appropriate balance of
skills, indlepencience, knowledge, experience and diversity;

Considering succession planning for the Board Directors and
senior executives, taking into account the challenges and
opportunities facing the Company and wider Group, along
with skills and expertise that may be required in the future;

Identifying and nominating for approval by the Board
candidates to fill Board vacancies as and when they arise:

Ensuring that the necessary due diligence and conilicts of
interest checks have been undertaken before an appointment
is made;

- Monitoring whether satisfactory induction is provided to new
Directors to develop their knawledge of the Group, and their
Board and committee respensibitiies; and

- Reviewing the results of the Board evaluation process and
‘ensuring that the conclusions are captured and actioned
where necessary.

Activities during the year
Chief Executive Officer appointment and transition

On 1 April 2023, following the completion of a handover process
from Euan Fraser, Luc Baaué was appointed as Chief Executive
Officer. Between this date and 9 January 2024, Euan Fraser
undertook a part-time role as Strategic Adviser to the Board,
During this time, Evan was invited to attend Board and certain
committee meetings in an advisory capacity. This arrangement
enabled the Board to continue to benefit from Euan's extensive
knowledge of the Group's history and client base during this
transitional periad. The Bard Is grateful for Euan’s contribution
during the year.


===== page 80 =====
Board induction and training

During the year, Luc Baqué completed a thorough induction
programme, which inciuded receiving coaching from the outgoing
Chief Executive Officer, time spent with the Non-Executive Directors
ona one-to-one basis, and training in investor relations. in April
2023, 2 Board training session was delivered by the Company's
NOMAD, Investec, which covered the responsinilities of cirectors
of AIM-quoted companies, including relevant legal and regulatory
obligations, This formed part of Luc Baqué’s induction programme
and served as a refresher for all Board members. Subsequent to
the year end, the whole Board has aiso undertaken training on
relevant ESG-related matters, including diversity and inclusion.

Succession planning

A key role of the Committee is to ensure that the Group has
appropriate succession planning in place, and this is reviewed by
the Committee each year. During the year, the Committee reviewed
and approved contingency and succession plans for each member
of the Board. Succession plans for the Executive Directors are
considered over three timescales: i) immediately in the event of an
unexpected event such as illness; ii) three years’ time; and ill five
years’ time. The Committee's succession congidexations during
FY 24 included a refresh of succession plans for Luc Baqué
following his appointment to the Board on 1 April 2023.

By 2025, f will have served on the Board as Chair for nine years
and, a8 such. | will no longer be considered independent under
generally accepted UK corporate governance standards.
Therefore, the Committee is actively considering succession
planning for my role.

Renewal of appointment letter

The Committee has considered the renewal of Penny Judd’s
appointment, which is due to expire at the 2024 AGM. The Committee
recommended to the Board that Penny's appointment be renewed
for a further three-year term from the conclusion of the 2024 AGM
(if held}, subject to annual re-election by shareholders.

Board evaluation

As part of the Board's commitment to maintaining a strong corporate
governance framework, the Committee reviews the approach to,
and results of, the Board's performance evaluation process.

During the year, the Nomination Committee sought to enhance

the current internal Board performance evaluation process. This
was done in order to increase the thoroughness and objectivity

of the process, in line with the recommendations outlined in the
2023 QCA Code on board performance évaluation.

After careful consideration, the decision was made to use
thorough online board evaluation platform, "BoardClic’, to undertake
the review. The evaluation process covered key areas, including:
durpose and strategy; Board agenda and meetings; talent and
culture; Board composition ang dynamics: effectiveness of the
Chair: information, reporting and risk management; and
effectiveness of the Board committees.

A detailed report, which inclucled qualitative responses and
benchmarking against other respondent companies, was
subsequently provided to the Nornination Committes. Following
2 detailed discussion, it was agreed that the Chair, the Board,
‘ts committees and its governance ramework continued to operate
effectively. No significant areas of concern were identified from

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 77

the review process, A number of actions were, however, agreed in
response to the findings:

~ Further improvernents to be made to certain regular Beard reports
to ensure they are easily digestible and focus an key matters;

— Board and committee agenda considerations, including the
addition of regular updates on the market and competitor
dynamics by the Chiet Executive Officer and the Company's
brokers, and the potential use of virtual meetings for certain
committee meetings; and

Additional succession planning considerations, including those
relating to the Non-Executive Directors

The Nomination Committee intends to retain the internal
methodology for future Board evaluations, but will also consider
‘the periodic use of an external evaluator to supplement this
process, a3 recommended by the 2023 GCA Code.

Diversity

In executing its duties, the Nomination Committee objectively
considers candidatas on merit and with due regard for the benefits
of diversity, including gander and ethnic diversity, on the Board.

Alpha is an equal opportunities employer and the Group's policy is
to ensure that ali employees, or those seeking employment, are
treated fairly. This policy applies at Board level and across the Group,
All decisions relating to recruitment, selection and promotion are
mace objectively regardless of race, ethnicity, nationality, gended
gender identity, sexual crientation, religious belief, political opinion,
age, disability and educational or socioeconomic background.

‘The Board exceeds the gender diversity targat set by the
Hampton-Alexander review and the FTSE Women Leaders Review
2022, with women representing 50% of the Board. The Group is also
committed to increasing the gender diversity of its senior management
over time and has publicly communicated a target in relation to
this. Details of this target and how the Group intends to achieve
this can be found on p, 44. The Group will also continue to
monitor emerging regulations or guidelines in relation to other
aspects of the Board's diversity,

While there are no current plans to appoint any additional Board
rnembers, when considering any future appointments to the Board,
the Nomination Committee will consider the diversity of the Board
a8 a whole, including socio-economic backgrounds, nationality,
educational attainment, gender, ethnicity and age, and the need
to avoid any risk of "group-think”,

The ESG Committee's remit includes oversight of the Group's
Dversity & Inclusion strategy, policies and initiatives, Further
information about Alpha’s Diversity & Inclusion programme, including
Alpha's Disabtity Confident accreditation, is provided in both the
Looking After Our People and the Sustainable Business sections
of the Annual Report and in the Group’s Sustainability Report.

sanen Co

alphatme.com

9
g
3
Hy
8
s
iva
g
é
2
FA
H



===== page 81 =====
73 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

ar: Gove rance

ESG Committee report

Membership
Hl May (Ghai)
Ken Fry
Maeve Byrne

Penny Judd

Key actions from FY 24
— Agreed the ESG Roadmap and priorities for FY 24.

~ Reviewed and approved the Group's first
Sustainability Report.

— Approved the Group’s first TCFD report.

— Introduced ESG training at Board level.

Priorities for FY 25

— Refine the path to net zero and targets to achieve this.
— Monitor progress against diversity ambitions.

— Monitoring and ensuring compliance with all relevant
regulations, including TCFD, and assessing alignment with
best practice for 2 company of Aipha’s size and sector.

The ESG Committee is rusponsib
for overseeing the development ard
imaplarnentation of the Groun s ESG
strategy and reviewing the Groups
performance against this srrategy

On behalf of the Board, lam delighted to present the Group's
first ESG Committee report fer the year ended 31 March 2024,
The ESG Committee was established in 2023 and held its first
meeting in April 2028,

During the last 12 months, the Group undertook a materiality
assessinent to inform and shape its ESG roadmap. A number

of key miestones on the roadmap have already been achieved,
including agreeing the Group's first public gender diversity target
and the publication of our first TCFD report (see pp 48-57).

Committee composition and governance

The ESG Committee is composed wholly of independent
Non-Executive Directors. | chair the Committee, and its
other members are Ken Fry, Penny Judd and Maeve Byrne.

The ESG Committee meets as and when necessary, but at least
twice a year. The Committee met three times during FY 24, with
all Committee members attending each meeting. The Group's
Company Secretary attends every meeting of the Committee.
The Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Executive Officer attend
meetings at the request of the Committee Chair. Both Executive

Directors attended each meeting held in FY 24. The Group's Head

of Risk and the Group's Managing Director are also invited to
attend these meetings.

atphatinc.com

vill May
Chair of the
ESG Committee

Key responsibilities

The Committee's purpose is to oversee the development of the
Group's ESG strategy and review the Graup’s performance
against this strategy.

The key responsibitities of the Committee inciude the following:

- Oversee the development and implementation of the Group's
ESG strategy, including priorities, objectives and strategic goals;

— identify and use relevant KPls and targets to monitor the
progress of the Group in its ESG strategy:

— Oversee the establishment of, and review regularly, relevant
ESG-related policies and codes of practice to ensure they
remain effective, compliant with regulatory requirements,
including applicable principles of corporate governance and
consistent with industry practice;

Consider ESG risks in connection with the Group's operations:

— Review current and emerging ESG trends to identify haw these
are likely to impact the stratagy, operations and reputation of
the Group and ensure the Group's ESG strategy and policies
remain anpropriate and well positioned; and

- Review the quality and integrity of external reporting of ESG
matters and performance, including the Sustainabllity Report
and relevant sections of the Annual Report.


===== page 82 =====
Activities during the year
Key activities undertaken by the ESG Committee during the year
inclucled the following:

— Agreed the ESG priorities for the Group, following a rigorous
materiality assessment process;

~ Reviewed and approved the Group's ESG strategy and roadmap;

Reviewed and approved the Group's inaugural
Sustainability Report;

Approved the Group's first diversity target: that 25% of the
senior director level employees will be women or nonbinary
in five years’ time;

~ Reviewed the results of the Group's first publicly disclosed UK
Gender Pay Gap renort:

Reviewed and approved the Group's first TCFD report;

Considered appropriate ESG-related objectives for the
purposes of variable remuneration policy;

Introduced online ESG training for all Board members; and

Considered appropriate action to support the Group's path
to net zer9 and adherence to the UN Global Compact.

Priorities for the year ahead

During FY 25, the ESG Committee will continue to provide
independent Soard-level oversight of the deveiooment anc
delivery of the Group’s strategic ESG framework and ambitions.
There are also sore priorities that the Committee will devote
specific attention to, as follows:

Carbon reduction strategy:

Much groundwork has already been undertaken in relation to
the Group's commitment to achieve net zero by 2050. In FY 25,
the Group will agree the baseline fram which to measure carbon
emissions and publish its net zero ambition and roadmap to
achiove carbon neutrality — considering new Scope 3 emissions
categories and further enhancing data collection and analysis.
Tne Committee looks forward to sharing this next phase of its
carbon reduction strategy.

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 79

TCFD reporting:

The Committee will consider the recommendations of the Group
Responsible Susiness team in relation to the Group's FY 25 TCFD
report and ensure that future iterations of this report remain in Ine
with best practice for a company of Alpha's size and sector.

Progress against diversity targets and ambitions:

The Responsibte Business team wil regularly update the
Committee on the Group's progress against its agreed uzen
diversity ambitions globally. In particular, the Committee will
closely review progress against the Group's publicly stated
gender diversity target, as desorbed above. The Group is
committed to providing transparent reporting on its progress
and any need for additional actions

Improvements to policies and transparency:

The Committee will provide oversight and support in relation
to the further enhancement of the Group's ESG policies and
disclosures in the coming months, including how key information

is made avaliable to stakeholders, including employees, clients
and investors,

As Chair of the ESG Committee, | am very much looking forward
to working with the wider Alpha business to drive forward the
Group's ESG priorities and commitments in FY 25 and to be able
to share futtire updates on this progress with our various stakeholders.

vill May

Chair of the ESG Committee

dest

alphatme.com

°
g
3
8
8
3
3
3
FH
Hy
3
8



===== page 83 =====
80 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Audit and Risk Committee report

Membership

Ken Fry
Penny Judd
Jill May

key actions from FY 24

- Reviewed, updated and signed off the Group's risk policy
and risk management framework.

Reviewed and updated the Group's whistleblowing policy.
— Engaged an internal audit firm and agreed to their initial scope,
Priorities for FY 25
—- Oversee the new internal audit process.

~ Plan for the FY 25 audit, including the rotation of the
external audit pariner,

— Erisure that risk management arrangements are updated
in response to any new or emerging risks or changes to
the Group's principal risks.

The Sudit and Rise Comm tes
provides independant
the Group's Prarcal snatar
performanc
Groun's syst
cantrol ane

Sisk management

On behalf of the Board, | am pleased to present the Audit and
Risk Committee report for the year ended 31 March 2024.

Committee composition and governance

The Audit and Risk Cornmitiee is composed wholly of independent
Non-Executive Directors, | chair the Committee and its other
members are Ken Fry, Penny dudd and Jill May. Information on
the Committee members’ skills and experience is provided |n the
Board of Directors seution on pp 66-b/,

The Audit and Risk Committee meets as and when necessary,
but at least three times a year. The Committee met three times
during FY 24, with all members attending every meeting

The Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Executive Officer attend
meetings at the request of the Committee Chair to facilitate discussion
of the financial statements and systems of financial control and

risk management, Both Directors joined each meeting held in FY 24.

alphafms.com

Maeve Byrne
Cham of the
Auctit anc Risk
Committee

The Group's Company Secretary attends every Committee
meeting, as do the lead audit pertner and team members from
the Group's external auditor, KPMG LLP. Members of the Group's
Risk team and senior management are also invited to attend
Committee meetings as appropriate.

At least once a year, the Committee meets with the auditor
without the presence of any Executive Director to discuss
independently the auditor's remit and any other issues arising
from the audit; they met in this manner once during the year.

Key responsibilities

The purpose of the Audit and Risk Committee is to oversee the
Group's internal financial controls and risk management systems,
to recommend the interim and full-year financial results to the
Board, and to monitor the integrity of all formal reports and
announcements relating to the Company's financial performance
In addition, the Committee is responsible for appointing the
external auditer of the Group, maintaining that relationship and
reporting the findings and recommendations of the external
auditor to the Board.

The Committee's main duties are set out in its terms of reference,
which are reviewed annually and available on the Company's
investor website (@lphafme.com/investors/board-cormmittees).

The Gammittee's key responsibilities include the following:

- Monitoring the intagrity of the Groug’s financial statements,
including the full-year and interien reports, other signtticant
announcements relating to financial performance, and
reviewing any significant reporting issugs and judgements;

Advising on the clarity of disclosure and information contained
in the financial reports:

Reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of the systems
of internal control and the risk management framework;


===== page 84 =====
Reviewing the Group's arrangements and procedures relating
to compliance, whistleblowing and fraud;

‘Overseeing the relationship with the externa! aucitor, reviewing
performance and advising the Board members on the auditor's
appointment and remuneration:

Reviewing and discussing the findings of the audit with the
extemal auditor; and

Oversight of the interna! audit process.

Activities during the year

Review of financial statements:

During FY 24, the Committee reviewed and approved the Group's
FY 23 Annual Report & Accounts and FY 24 interim results
including consideration of the significant accounting issues
relating to the financial statements and the going concern review.

Financial controls and risk management:

In its responsibility to assure the Group's financial control and risk
management environment, the Gommittes continued its focus on
risk and financial controls, monitoring progress against the plan to
implement refinements to systems and processes. to improve the
financial control environment further and to enhance team operations.
Status reports were reviewed and discussed at the Committee's
meetings in November 2023 and February 2024.

On behalf of the Board, the Committee oversees and assures

the Group's risk processes and risk reporting across all business
units. Alongside the externai audit process, there is an ongoing
focus on identifying, assessing, and managing the risks the Group
faces across a broad range of relevant topics, including industry,
operational, fmancial, social and environmental risks. As part of
the annual risk review agenda, a focused risk session took place
at the Committee's meeting in February 2024, and the Group
Managing Director and the Globai Head of Risk were invited to
attend the meeting. The Committee reviewed and discussed
updates to the risk policy, the risk management framework and
the risk report, which includes key risks identified across the Grou.

The principal risks to the Group and the identified mitigating
actions are set out in the Principal Risks and Uncertainties section
of the Strategic Report on pp 87-60.

Scope and detivery of external audit:

The Commitee reviewed the year-end audit plan and considered
the scope of the augit and the external auditor's fees. It has also
considered the tenure of the external auditor and the rotation of
the augit partner at the end of FY 24 (see p, 82 for further details).

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 81

Whistleblowing policy:

During the year, the Committee reviewed the Group's whistieblowing
policy and processes. The Committee was comfortable that the
existing arrangements were satisfactory, but recommended certain
enhancements to reflect current best practice, and these were
implemented as part of the annual policy review process. The
updates included expanded guidance for employees on what
whistiebiowing is and the engagement of a specialist third party
to provide an independent whistleblowing reporting helpline.
Subsequent to the yoar end, the Group has also implemented a
new training module for al! employees covering the whistleblowing
process. Further details of this policy can be found below.

internal audit:

‘The Committee considered the need for an internal audit function
during the ysar. While there is no current requirement for the
Group to establish a separate internal audit function, the Committee,
and the Board as a whole, concluded that the Group is now of a
size and complexity that would benef (rom introducing a proportionate
internal audit process. Following consideration of a number of
potential solutions and third-party providers during the year, the
Committee agreed to appoint Grant Thornton in this capacity to
supplement the Group's existing internal control arrangements
and extemal audit process.

°
3
3
8
Ey
a
2
2
Ff
z
3

The initial phase of the internal audit programme consisted of a
raview of the Group's risk management practices and processes
to provide assurance of the risk management framework in
identifying, assessing, and managing risks. This programme is
currently in the early stages of implementation and the findings of
this ‘nial review are being used ‘0 inform subsequent areas of focus.

Terms of reference

The Committee aise reviewed and updated its terms of reference,
which were approved by the Board.

aiphatme.com


===== page 85 =====
External auditor appointment and tenure

The Committee oversees the relationship with the external auditor
and monitors all services provided and fees payable to ensure
that potential conflicts of interest are considered and that an
objective and professional relationshig is maintained. In particular,
the Committee reviews and monitors the independence and
abjectivity of the external auditor and the effectiveness of the
audit process.

KPMG LLP was first appointed as the Group's external auditor in
2015. The current lead partner was appointed following compietion
of the FY 19 audit and, in line with KPMG’s policy on lead partner
rotation, will complete his five-year term at the end of FY 24. The
proposed new audit partner has met with senior members of the
Group's Finance team and will be introduced to the Committee
during the first half of FY 25.

While there is no cbligation for an AiM-quoted company to tender
external audit services periodically, in line with generally accepted
good practice, the Committee has considered the length of tenure
of KPMG as external auditor, in the context of the forthcoming
partner rotation. The Committee has determined that the appointment
of a new partner in FY 25 will further add to the objectivity and
independence of the audit process and that a tender would,
therefore, not be undertaken at this point in time. However. given
the duration of KPMG's tenure. this matter will be kent under
review by the Committee on a regular basis.

KPMG LLP di¢ not provide any non-audit services during the
year. Nete 3 to the consolidated financial statements analyses

the remuneration to the external auditor for audit services during
the year,

The Committee seeks feedback from the Chief Financial Officer
and senior members of the Finance team on the effectiveness of
the external auditor and the audit process. The Committee continues
to be satisfied with the scope of the external auditar’s work and

‘Area of focus

Revenue recognition

Revenue is the most significant caption in the statement of
comprehensive income and, by its nature, revenue recognition is,
a key accounting policy. Whilst the majority of Group revenue is
contracted on a time and materials basis, the Group also has
some fixed-priced milestone contracts, The recognition of
revenue on such contracts in progress at the year end inveives
consideration of the detailed contractual terms against the
requirements of IFRS 15 and an assessment of whether
performance obligations under the contract have been met

at the balance sheet date.

alphafme.com

the effectiveness of the external audit process, and is satisfied
that KPMG remains independent in the discharge of its audit
responsibilities. The Committes is, therefore, pleased to recommend
to the Board that a resolution to re-appoint KPMG LLP as the
Company's auditor be proposed at the forthcoming AGM jif held).

Audit process

The externat auditor prepares an audit plan for its review of the
full-year financial statements, and the aucit plan is reviewed and
agreed in advance by the Committee. Bofore the approval of the
financial statements, the extemal auditor presents its findings to
the Committee, highlighting areas of significant financial judgement
‘or estimation for discussion. The Committee also reviews the
external auditor's management letter and detailed presentations
are made to the Committee by the auditor al leasl twice a year.
There is an active discussion between the Committee and the
auditor on any recommendations to improve the efficiency of
the audit process.

Significant accounting matters

In the year, the Audit and Fisk Committee considered key
accounting issues and significant judgements and estimates in
relation to the Group's FY 24 financial statements. These matters
were discussed and reviewed with the Finance team and the
external auditor. The Audit and Risk Committee challenged
judgements and sought clarification where necessary.

The Committee received a report from the external auditor on the
work it had performed to arrive at its conclusions and discussed
any material findings contained within that report. The information
in the table below should be considered together with KPMG's
independent auditor's report on pp 99~105 and the accounting
policies disciosed in the notes to the financial statements as
referenced in the table

How it was addressed

Detaled revenue year-end cut-off procedures have been
performed internaily, including a detailed review of relevant
contractual client terms.

The Committee has discussed the design and application of the
revenue cut-off procedures performed, and considered and
agreed the appropriateness of the disclosures in respect of
revenue recognition in the financial statements.


===== page 86 =====
Area of focus

Alternative performance measures

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 83

How it was addressed

‘To assist in understanding the underlying performance of the
Group and to aid comparability between accounting periods,
some alternative performance measures (‘APMs"} are presented,
which differ from measures presented in accordance with
international Financial Reporting Standards ('IFRS"). These
APMs exclude certain adjusting items. Judgement is required to
identify those adjusting items deemed to warrant exclusion from
the calculation of the Group's adjusted measures due to either
their nature or size.

a
g
3
g
5
3
2
3
3
FA
3

Share-based payments

Estimation is required to calouiate the shar-based payment
expense under IFRS 2 and the associated social security costs.
These estimates include assessing the fair value of share options
at the date of grant, the probability that share options will vest in
the future and the future share price at the vesting date.

The Committee has considered the appropriateness of each of
the adjusting items, ensuring that sufficient explanations are
provided and that each APM is reconciled to the nearest

{FRS measure,

The Committee has reviewed the balance of APMs and IFRS.
measures presented in the Annual Report and Accounts and
considered whether APMs have been appropriately balanced
with IFRS measures.

External professional experts assisted in calcuiating the far
value of snare options at each grant date,

The probability that share options will vest is assessed at each
reporting date by considering forecast staff attrition, time until
vesting and achievement ct performance conditions, These key
assumptions have been discussed with the Committee.

Share dealing, anti-bribery and whistleblowing

The Group has adopted a share dealing code in conformity with
the requirements of Rule 21 of the AIM Rules. All employees,
including new joiners, must agree to comply with the code.

The Group has in place a whistleblowing palicy, the punpose
of which is to encourage employees to report any suspected
wrongdoing 2s scon as possiole; to provide employees with
guidance as to how to raise those concerns; and to reassure
employees that they can raise genuine concerns withaut fear
of reprisais, even if they tum out to be mistaken. The Group
has apoointed whistleblowing officers, and the Non-Executive
Chairman is provided as 4 point of escalation, An independent
whistieblowing hotline is also in place to provide an alternative
means of escalation for any employees wishing to :aise
concems via a third party. In the event of a whistleblowing
event. the Board will also be informed and kept up to date

on all developments as appropriate.

‘The Group also has an anti-corruption and bribery poticy, which
sets out the Group's responsibilities in observing and upholding
its position on bribery and corsuption. It provides information
and guidance on how to recognise and deal with bribery and
corruption issues,

These policies are provided to every employee of the Group,
Princioally through the Employee Handbook and also within a
Group Corporate Compliance Manual, which is available on the
website, The Audit and Risk Committee reviews these policies on
4 regular basis to ensure that they remain fit for purpose.

‘The Group operates an open and inclusive culture and employees
are encouraged to speak up if they have any concerns. Such
policies aim to ensure that aii employees observe ethical
Sehaviours and bring matters that cause them concem to the
attention of either the Executive or Non-Executive Directors.

Maeve Byrne
Cha rof the Audit ard Fisk Committee

aiphatenc.com


===== page 87 =====
84 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Bee

Penny Judd (Chair),
Maeve Byne

Jill May

Key actions from FY 24

— Determined FY 24 remuneration outcomes for Executive
Directors and senior management.

— Monitored performance against FY 24 variable reward
performance conditions.

— Undertook a {ull review of the Executive Director and
senior management remuneration.

— Shaped & new Remuneration Policy and FY 25
remuneration arrangements

— Undertook a shareholder consultation on the new
Remuneration Policy.
Priorities for FY 25

— Oversee the application of the new Remuneration Policy
from 1 April 2024.

— Introduce an advisory sharehclder vote on remuneration
at the 2025 AGM (if held] in respect of the FY 24
Remuneration Report,

~ Determine FY 25 remuneration outcomes,

— Shape FY 26 remuneration packages, to support the
strategic priorities of the Group and reduce share dilution
levels over time.

The Rersuneratinn Committee makes
recommendations cn matters retati
to performance rernuneration and
terms of service for the Goard and
senior Manauament of the Groun.

As the Chair of the Remuneration Committee, and on behalf of
the Beard, | am pleased to present the Remuneration Committes
report for the year ended 31 March 2024.

Over the past 12 months the Remuneration Committee has
undertaken a comprehensive review of the Group's remuneration
arrangements for the Executive Directors and its senior management
team. This culminated in the implementation of a new Remuneration
Policy that will take effect trom 1 April 2024, which is for the
Executive Directors and the senior leadership team, more closely
aligned to current market standards for large AIM-quoted companies.

aiphafme.com

Penny Judd
Cham of the
Remuneration
Committee

Therefore, my Committee Report, the Policy section and the
Annual Report on Remuneration not only detait executive
remuneration outcomes for FY 24, but also describes our

new Remuneration Policy anc remuneration strategy for FY 25,
and the shareholder consultation process that we undertook
prior te their implementation.

| am also pleased to confirm that in this year's Remuneration
Committee report we have further enhanced our disclosures
to provide additional detail and transparency on the Group's
remuneration arrangements, both in relation to FY 24 and FY 25,
in ine with evolving best practice for a Group of Alpha's size.

As a further important enhancement to the Group's remuneration

governance framework, we intend to introduce an advisory shareholder
vote on Executive Director remuneration al our 2025 AGM (if held)
relating to remuneration arrangements for the year commencing

+ April 2024, in accordance with the new recommendations of the
2023 QCA Corporate Governance Code ("2023 QCA Cade").

As noted elsewhere in this report, on 20 June 2024, the Board
announced an Offer to acquire Alpha. If this Offer is completed,
certain matters referred to in this Remuneration Committes report
as occurring during FY 26 and beyond will not occur as they are
matters which would only he relevant to the Group as a quoted
public company, Therefore, the resolutions described in this
Remuneration Committee report proposed to be put to
shareholders at the 2024 and 2025 AGMs, may not occur.

Committee composition and governance

The Committee is composed wholly of independent Non-Executive
Directors. My fellow Committee members are Ken Fry, vill May
and Maeve Byrne. All members served throughout the year.

The Committee meets as and when necessary, but at least twice
a year. The Committee met five times during FY 24. Each of these
meetings were attended by all members of the Committee.

The Groun's Company Secretary attends each meeting and the
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer are invited to
attend meetings as appropriate. The Committee has unrestricted
access to the Company Secretary throughout the year and has
received advice from a specialist remuneration adviser as set out
onp. 93.


===== page 88 =====
Rey responsibilities

The main duties of the Committee are set outin its terms of
reference, which are reviewed annuaily and are available on
Alpha’s investor website (alpnafme.com/investors/board-committess}.

The Committee formulates and recommends to the Board the
rernuneration policies for the Executive Directors and senior
management of the Group, having regard to pay and employment
conditions across the Group. The objectives of these policies are to:

~ Attract, retain and motivate employees of the quality required
torun the Group suscesstutly,

Promote the iong-term success of the Group; and

Ensure that the performance-related elements of remuneration
form a significant yet appropriate propartion of the total
remuneration package and are transparent, stretching and
rigorously applied.

The Committee determines the total remuneration package of
the Executive Directors and the Group's senior management.
The Board as whole sets the remuneration for the Non-Executive
Directors. inclucing the Chait,

The Committee reviews and approves the structure of all
performance-ralated pay schemes {both annual and longer-term
schemes) for the Executive Directors and the Group's senior
leadership team, including setting the associated targets and
performance conditions. It monitors performance against those
conditions and approves the vesting and payment outcomes,

A key priority of the Committee is to transition towards
arrangements that shift the balance of remuneration towards cash
annual variable pay. Currently, this type of pay makes up a small
portion of overall remuneration. The aim is to reduce the reliance
‘on share incentives, to bring share dilution from employee share
awards more into line with conventional UK-quoted company
dilution limit guidetines.

Note 22 to the financial staternents sets out further details of the
Group's snare-based payment schemes of the Group.

Company performance in FY 24

FY 24 was a challenging year for the Group with a more competitive
market enviranmeni, resulting in lower profits than were initially
anticipated. In determining FY 24 remuneration outcomes for the
Executive Directors, the Remuneration Committee has taken into,
consideration the overall performance of the Group for FY 24
and shareholder returns. Overall levels of remuneration for the
Executive Directors tor FY 24 were therefore significantly lower
than FY 23, with no annual casn bonus payments having been
awarded and no vesting of FY 24 equity awards.

For other employees within the Graup. the Committee decided
to enable partiat vestings. in recognition that some of the FY 24
performance conditions have been met, and to incentivise and
retain a high quality team to deliver the Group's stated growth
plans for FY 25 and beyond.

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 85

Activities of the Committee during FY 24

— Revewed the Remuneration Committee report in the FY 23
Annual Report and Accounts,

Recommended to the Board the purchase of shares by the
Company's employee benefit trust to satisfy future exercises
of equity incentive awards.

— Approved FY 23 profit share outcomes for Executive Directors
and senior management.

Approved the grant of share incentive awards in July 2023
and the associated performance criteria for Executive
Directors and senior management of the Group for FY 24.

Approved the vesting of equity incentive awards granted to
Executive Directors and senior management in prior periods,
having assessed the associated performance censitions.

Approved updates to the rules of the Group's share
incentive schemes.

Undertook an annual review and approval of the terms of
reference for the Remuneration Committee.

Reviewed the new principies on remuneration in the 2023 GCA
Code and considering how these would be appled by the Group.

— Appomnted an external specialist remuneration consultant,
h2glenfern Remuneration Advisory, to undertake a full review
of existing variable remuneration arrangements, and to assist
in shaping a draft new Remuneration Policy for FY 25, more
closely aligned to market standards and typical clilution levels.

~ Undertook a consultation with sharenalders in relation to the
new Remuneration Policy and FY 25 remuneration arrangements
for Executive Directors and senior management.

alphafme.com

9
8
3
8
Ff
5
3
g
§
F|
3
3
3



===== page 89 =====
ryote Beye

Activities of the Committee during FY 24
continued

In addition, there were a number of activities undertaken between
31 March 2024 and the date of this report, including:

Determined FY 24 remuneration outcomes for the Executive
Directors and senior management in view of FY 24 business
performance. including share incentive award vestings and
bonus awards;

~ Set FY 25 salary levels and variable remuneration for the Executive
Directors and senior management, including the associated
financial and non-financial performance conditions; and

Completed the consultation with major shareholders in
relation to the FY 25 Remuneration Policy anc arrangements.

Remuneration Policy for FY 24

The key elements af remuneration of the Executive Directors
and senior management of the Group in respect of FY 24
were unchanged from those set out on pp 73-77 of the FY 23
Remuneration Committee report within the Annual Report and
Accounts 2023. This comprised base salary, country specific
pension and benefits, an annual bonus opportunity and share
incentive awards. FY 24 remuneration outcomes for the
Executive Directors are set out on pp 91-93 of this report,

New Remuneration Policy for FY 25 and
shareholder consultation process

During FY 24, the Remuneration Committee, with guidance from
an external remuneration consultant, h2glenfern Remuneration
Advisory, and with support from the Company Secretary, conducted
a review of the Group's existing Remuneration Policy, and shaped
anew Remuneration Policy to take effect from 1 April 2024 for the
Executive Directors and senior management of the Group,

The objectives of the updates to the Remuneration Policy for
FY 25 are:

— To ensure Executive Director remuneration is aligned to strong
Group performance, the delivery of the Group's strategic
objectives and to shareholder interests; and

— To bring Executive Director romunoration arrangemonts mare
closely into tine with UK best practice guidelines, reflecting the
Group's size. profile and status as a large AIM company.

A key element of these changes is to support the future rebalancing
of variable remuneration towards cash and away fram share
incentives, to bring share dilution from employee share awards
more into line with conventional UK-quoted company dilution limit
guidelines over a transition period.

importantly, there is no intention te increase the overall remuneration
opportunity at on-target levels of performance for the Executive
Directors in FY 25, but instgad to restructure remuneration
arrangements in line with best practice and sharpen the alignment
cof remuneration to Group performance. The Remuneration Committes
will ensure that performance conditions are appropriately stretching
to ensure higher levels of remuneration are eamed only for excellent
performance. New features of the FY 25 arrangements include

alphatme.com

-- Abonus deferral mechanism, in conjunction with an increased
maximum cash bonus opportunity;

— The intreductian of an additional two-year post-vesting holding
period for long-term aquity incentives;

The introduction of 25% threshold vesting levels for both the
bonus and long-term equity incentives;

A shareholding guideline for Executive Directors; and

‘The introduction of market standard malus and
clawback arrangements.

At aur 2024 AGM (if heid), resolutions to approve amendments
to our existing equity incentive plans and to approve a bonus
deferral plan will be put to shareholders for approval

Shareholder consuitation process

The Committee undertook a formal consultation with the Group's
major institutional shareholders covering 56% of the share register
as at 31 March 2024, to seek their views on this proposed new
Remuneration Policy. Of the 12 institutional investors that were
contacted, we received 11 responses, the large majority of which
expressed support. The Committee answered questions and
addressed points from investors, including attending a meeting
requested by one shareholder.

| would like to thank those investors that took the time and effort
to engage with us during this process. While some differing
preferences among investors is inevitable, we believe that the
zesulting new Rernuneralion Policy is aligned to the views of the
farge majonity ot our major investors and generally accepted good
practice for large AIM -cuoted companies.

Introduction of shareholder vote on remuneration

As mentioned above, in accordance with the recommendations of
the 2023 QCA Code, we intend to introduce an advisory shareholder
vote on our Executive Director remuneration arrangements at the
2025 AGN {ifheld). We recognise that active engagement on
remuneration-related matters is becoming increasingly important
to our investors, and we positively support this.

Looking ahead

We look forward to oversesing the operation of the Group's
new Remuneration Policy throughout FY 25 and to providing
shareholders with the opportunity to vote on these remuneration
arrangements for the first time at our 2025 AGM (if held)

The Committee is conscious that the maximum annual bonus
opportunity for the Executive Directors in FY 25, as detailed
below, remains significantly below comparative levels of
competitor companies. Subject to performance and strategic
delivery, the Committee will review this parameter towards the
and of FY 25 and consider increasing the maximum annual bonus
opportunity for the CEO and CFO to 150% of salary and 125% of
salary, respectively, for FY 26. This will continue to be coupled
with threshold targets corresponding to @ gay out at 25% of
maximum and stretch targets in line with market standards, to
ensure that there is no significant increase in remuneration for
equivalent on-target performance. In FY 25, the weightings of
Performance conditions attached to share incentive awards will
be 73:25 between EPS and relative TSR targets. The Committee
will keep these weightings under review and may consider moving
this to a 60:50 balance between EPS and relative TSR targets
trom FY 26.


===== page 90 =====
Remuneration Policy effective from 1 April 2024
‘The new Remuneration Policy is detailed in the table below, which describes how each component of remuneration is linked to the
Group's strategy and is operated in practice:

Executive Directors’ Remuner:

Basic salary To pay a competitive
basic salary to attract,
retain and motivate
the talent required to
operate and develop
the business and to
develop and deliver
the Group's strategy.

Part of a competitive
Executive Director
remuneration
package, to provide
an opportunity to
build up income

for retirement.

n Policy Table (effective from 1 April 2024)

Oper:
Base salary is reviewed annually and
takes account of the responsibilities.
experience and performance of the

individual and competitive pressures.

\tis reviewed each year with any
changes effective from 1 April

participate in the Group's Personal
Pension Scheme on the same terms
as other employees in the same
employment countries.

Benefits To provide market.
competitive benefits.
Annual cash The purpose of the

bonus scheme annual cash bonus
scheme is to
incentivise and
reward short term,
performance, and te
align the interests of
the Executive
Directors, the Group
and shareholders in
the short- and
medium-term.

Benefits include country-specific
contributions, which may include
private medical expenses cover, Ife
insurance cover, maternity/paternity
pay and other ancillary benefits.

The Committee assesses actual
performance compared to the
oerformance targets following the
completion of the financial year and
determines the bonus payable to
each individual.

Up to 25% of the maximum
payable in respect of a financial
measure will be paid for thresholc
performance. Up to 50% of the
maximum payable in respect of a
financial measure will be paid for
on-target performance, increasing
to 100% tor stretch performance.

Bonus payments are subject to
malus and clawback provisions
{see 0. 88 for further details}.

25% of bonus payments will be
deferred for a period of two years
and payable in shares. The deferral
will be waived if the amount to be
deferred is less than £28,000

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 87

Maximum opportuni
NA

NA

N/A

Maximum
opportunity under
this policy is up to
150% of salary tor
CEO and 125% of
salary for CFO

For FY 25, the
maximum bonus
opportunities will be
90% of salary for the
CEO and 60% of
salary for the CFO,
See p. 94 for

furtner detaits.

None, although overall
performance of the individual
and the Company will be
taken into consideration by
the Committee when setting
and reviewing salary levels

WA

N/A

Performance measures
and targets are set by the
Committee on an annual
basis to reflect the Group's
strategic priorities

For FY 25, 70% of the
opportunity will be based on
key financial measures and
30% of the opportunity will
be based on non-financial
measures, some of which will
include ESG-related objectives

Vesting in respect of any
non-financial measure will
be between 0% and 100%
based on the Committee’s
assessment of the extent ta
which the relevant measure
is achieved.

Vesting in respect of any
non-financial measure will
ordinarily be subject to the
satisfaction of a fmancial
performance underpin.

alphafme.com

°
gs
3
g
g
8
2
2
3
FI
3
Le



===== page 91 =====
88 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Remuneration Policy effective from 1 April 2024 continued

‘omponent Maximum opportunity __ Performance measures
Long-term To incentivise and Awards willbe granted subject to Maximum of 150% of The Committee may vary
equity reward long-term demanding performance conditions salary for CEQ and _ the type and weighting of
incentive performance and covering & minimum period of 125% of salary for —_ performance conditions
awards value creation, and three years. CFO in usuat chosen for each annual

te align the interests Amaximum of 25% of the awards OMoUMStances. round of awards.
Directors, the Group vest at threshold level of performance, In exceptional Performance metrics will
and eharcholders in with vesting typically increasing on a circumstances (such be based on at least two
the long-t dito Stfaight-Ine basis to full vesting for as on the recruitment financial measures (likely to
\g-term and to 4
meeting or exceeding a stretching of anew Executive be EPS growth and relative
promote retention, -
level of oulperformance. Director} awards in TSR performance against
Awards are subject to an addtional focal pay oe enenmers.
holding period of two years post: Cr antag at the level of
vesting, Awards may be exercised tg 4099, of salary,
al the end of the three-year vesting °
period, but shares may only be sold
during the holding period to cover
tax liabilities arising from the exercise.
Awards are subject to malus and
clawback provisions (see below for
further details}.
Shareholding Encourages Executive The Chief Executive Officer is NYA N/A
guidelines Directors to builda expected to maintain a shareholding

equivalent to 200% of base salary
Unouglout etiployrieni,

meaningful
shareluiding lo
further align interests

with shareholders. Other Executive Directors are also

expected to build up and maintain
a shareholding of 200% of salary
over the five-year period from
their appointment,

The shareholding guideline includes
beneficially owned shares and vested
share cotions on an after-tax basis.

Notes to the Remuneration Policy
Malus and clawback conditions

Malus and clawback may be applied to bonus and equity
incentive awards in certain specific circumstances including

a material misstatement of the accounts, a material error in
assessing performance conditions, gross misconduct on the
part of the participant, fraud, material dishonesty, wrongdoing
or breach of contract that is 2 potentially justifiable reason for
dismissal, breach of fiduciary duties, and misconduct leading
to significant losses or a material failure of risk management.

Annual bonus: Malus may be applied before a bonus is paid
Clawback may be applied to a cash bonus or deferred bonus
payment after it has been paid for a period of up to two years
alter payment.

alphafme.com

Long-term equity incentives: Malus may be applied before the
assessment of performance conditions in relation to an equity
incentive award, Clawback may be applied to an equily incentive
award for up to two years following the assessment of performance
conditions at the vesting date (inclusive of any holding period).

Updates to share plan scheme rules and new Deferred
Bonus Scheme

The majority of changes te the long-term equity incentive
arrangements for FY 25 can be accommodated under the
Group's existing share plan rules. However. updates to the
scheme rules to allow for the new malus and clawoack
provisions, together with some other minor administrative
updates, will be made and tabled for shareholder approval at

the 2024 AGM {if held), Itis also necessary to introduce a new
Deferred Bonus Plan to accommodate the share deferral element
of the Executive Director bonus scheme, The rules of this new
scheme will also be pul to shareholders for approval at the 2024
AGM (if held}


===== page 92 =====
Overriding Remuneration Committee discretion
In respect of the annual bonus and long-term equity incentive
awards, the Remuneration Committee has discretion to vary the
pay-out or vesting level from formulaic outcomes should any such
gutcorne not reflect the Committee's assessment of overall
business performance or if it considers the formulaic output
inappropriate in the context of the overall shareholder returns or
an exceptignal negative event.

Treatment

Circumstance annual bonus

Leavers - other than Boris orher
good leavers

Deferred serie wards

Forred borus awaratsy Ce

Participation will laose on the date of cessation.

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 89

Leaver and change in control provisions

The table below sets out the remuneration arrangements for
Executive Directors in specific circumstancas, including teaving
the business or a change of control of the Group (with effect from
4 April 2024),

Treatment — long:

sation Guring the performa
vesting per ods

Awards will normally lapse on the date of cessation if
this is before the vesting date,

Deferred bonus awards will normally lapse in full.

ood leavers:
Retirement,

ill-health, disability,
death, redundancy,
or other reasons at

Bonus

ther:

ao nebires

The Remuneration Committee will typically assess

performance against targets at the and of the period,
apply time-based pro-rating and make payment in line at their normal assessment date. The vesting level
with the workings of the plan and subject to the

a

durng the haldisa perce:

Ths holding period will normally continue to apply.

ton during the performance parigd

Awards granted in FY 25 onwards wall normally
remain in place and vesting levels will be assessed

will be Gased on achievement of performance targets

the Gommittee’s normal deferrai terms. The Remuneration Committes and subject to time pro-rating frectuction) based on

discretion may, however, apply discretion to determine the most the portion of the performance period which has
appropriate outcome and make earlier payment and elapsed at the point of departure with vested awards
pay entirely in cash. subject lo the normal holding period, The Remuneration
Dofar-od bore sue Committee may, however, apply discretion to determine

7 ~ _— the most appropriate outcome, including waiving the

Deferred bonus awards will ordinarily continue ané—_polding period.
become payable on the ordinary payment/vesting
date, although the Committee retains discrationto —- C#8320.0n Surng Lag holding pare
release any such award on the date of termination, The holding period will normally continue to apply unless
before the ordinary payment/vesting date in the Remuneration Committee determines otherwise.
appropriate circumstances (e.g. death or ill-health).

Change in control er thar dufur rod bors awards Dring the performance per od

The Remuneration Committee will exercise its
discretion to determine the level of bonus paid taking
into account pertormanos up to the paint of the
change in control ang normally pro-rating pay-out
‘evels to reflect the portion of the year which nas

elapsed. No deferral will be applic.

Outstanding deferred bonus awards will vest in full

Outstanding awards granted in FY 25 onwards will
vest on compieticn of the change in control subject
to the Remuneration Committee's assessment of
performance up to that point and subject to time.
pro-rating (reduction), unless the Remuneration
Committee determings otherwise. No holding period
wil apply to vested awards.

Surg the hey

‘The holding period will terminate and vested awards
will be released in full at the paint of change in control,

alphafmc.com

°
g
3
8
g
3
2
z
g
s
3
3
Hy
3
3



===== page 93 =====
90 Annuai Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the Remuneration Policy continued
Directors’ service agreements

The Executive Directors as at the date of this report entered into
service agreements with the Company on the following dates’

Notice period by
Date of service ‘Company and
Director agreement, = Term ___byDirector
Luc Baqué 29 March 2023 Indefinite 6 months
(effective from
1 April 2023)
John Paton 28 February 2018 —_indefinite 6 months

The Non-Executive Directors do not have service agreements.
However, he Non-Executive Directors’ letters of appointment
provide that their tenure of office is for periods of three years,
unless renewed for a further term or until terminated by the
Non-Executive Director or the Company on giving to the other
three months’ prior written notice. Each Non-Executive Director
is typically expected to serve for two thras-yaar terms but may be
invited by the Board to serve for an additional period.

Regardless of these terms of appointment, each Director offers
themselves for annual re-election by shareholders at every AGM
of the Company, in line with best practice.

Notice
period by
Company
Date of current term Term and by

Director of appointment . expires: Director**
Ken Fry 6 September 2023 2026 AGM” 3 months
Penny Judd 23 September 2021 2024 AGM**_— 3 months
Jill May 6 September 2023 2026 AGM = 3 months
Maeve Byrne 16 May 2022 2025AGM — 3months

Policy on recruitment

When hiring a new Executive Director, the Committee will
consider the overall remuneration package by reference to the
Remuneration Policy set out in this report. Salary and annual
bonus levels will be set so as to be competitive with comparable
roles in companies in similar sectors, and also taking into account
the experience, seniority and the scope of responsibility of the
appointee coming inte the role.

The approach in respect of compensation ‘or forfeited remuneration
from a previous employer will be considered on a case-by-case
basis taking into account all re'evant factors, such as the form of
compensation forfeited, performance achieved or likely to be
achieved, and the proportion of the performance period remaining.
if any cornpensation for forfeited remuneration is paid, it may be
awarded outside the standard equity incentive awards and may
be made with non-standard performance conditions, or without
performance conditions and with a shorter vesting period and
without a holding pariad to reflect the profile of forfeited awards.

Any such arrangements would be disclosed in the following year’s

Annual Regort.

New Executive Directors will be able to particisate in the annual
bonus scheme on a pro-rated basis for the portion of the financial
year for which they are in post. New Executive Directors may
receive benefits and pension contributions in line with the Company's
existing policy. Long-term eauily incentive awards are made on an
‘ongoing basis in line with our policy for Executive Directors and
other senior management. In the year of recruitment, a higher
award may be made to the new recruit (within the limits of the
Remuneration Policy, being a maximum of 300% of salary). Where
existing employees are promoted te become Executive Directors,
their remuneration will be operated in line with the Company's
policy from the date of prometion with the terms of outstanding
remuneration, such as deferred bonus amounts and outstanding
long-term equity incentive awards, retaining the terms applied at
their point of award.

External appointments

Executive Directors may accept one external non-executive
directorship with the prior agreement of the Board, provided it
does not conflict with the Group's interests and the time commitment
does not impact upon the Executive Director's ability to perform
their primary duty. The Executive Director may retain the fee from
the external directorship,

Remuneration Policy for Non-Executive Directors

The policy for Non-Executive Directors is set by the Board and
takes into consideration the need to attract the highest calibre
non-executive Board members, with broad and relevant commercial
experience. Reference is aiso made to fees in other companies
broadly similar in size with similar time commitments and complexity.

Each Non-Executive Director is paid a basic fea. Additional tees
are payable for acting as Senior Independent Director and as
Chair of the Audit and Risk, Remuneration, Nomination and ESG
Committees, The Non-Executive Directors are not eligible to
participate in the Company's performance -related incentive plans
‘or pension arrangements. Non-Executive Directors may be eligible
to receive benefits such as the use of secretarial support, travel
costs and other benefits that may be considered appropriate,

Non-Executive Director fees are typically reviewed by the Board
every year with any adjustments ordinarily effective from 1 Aprit
each year. Increases typically do not exceed those of the wider
workforce, however, in appropriate circumstances, increases of
a higher amount may be made faking inte account individual
circumstances such as an increase in scope or responsibility of
the individual's role, alignment to market levels, or a change in
the size or complexity of the business.

Remuneration of employees below Executive Director levet

The principles behind the Remuneration Policy for Executive
Directors are cascaded down through the Group, as far as is
appropriate. They aim to attract and retain the best staff and to.
focus their remuneration on the delivery of long-term sustainable
growth by using a mix of salary, benefits, bonus and longer-term
incentives. As a result, no element of the Executive Director
Remuneration Policy is operated exclusively for Executive Directors.

26 Wine otfer by Actaun Bides UK) Linitad to acquire Alun, referred to alsewhere in this report, is completed, iis expected that the Non-Executive Orrectors anil resign shortly after ‘S
completion fr adcifion, na IurPier AGM would be held alter completion cf the offerif, as expected, Ihe Companys re-registered as a prwate compary tallovirg completion
27 While Kan Fry's term at aopaintment expires at the 2025 AGM, ne will have served as Director for nine years by 202 and is therefore expected that he will nat seax re-elactinn by

sroreholders ai the 2025 AGM lif hela}

28 The Board! has approved ihe appominent of Penriy ud’ for a further three years from the dale of the 2924 AGM ylnela)

alphatme.com


===== page 94 =====
The Board believes that this structure pravides a compelling
rernuneration package that reinforces teamwork, aligns the
employees with the Group's objectives and helps to promote
a feeling of ownership amongst all employees.

All employees of the Group receive a ‘ixed salary that is
competitive to the market and a profit share or cash bonus
scheme, alongside other benefits.

Certain senior employees alse receive long-term equity incentive
awards. Performance metrics for annual bonus schemes and
long-term equity incentives for employees below Board level
typically nave a greater focus on regional and/or divisional targets,
and personal objectives, with a lesser focus on overall Group
performance, to ensure that these are meaningful and relevant to
the individuals concerned. From FY 25, senior management

Annual report on remuneration
FY 24 Executive Directors’ remuneration outcomes

The single-figure table below summarises the remuneration of the

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 91

incentive arrangements retain an element of Group EPS and TSR
performance measured over three years

Itis the intention that a gradual rebalancing of remuneration
towards annual cash variable pay and away from share incentives
over a five-year transition period will also be applied to this group,
to support a reduction in share dilution levels over time,

Share award dilution levels

In order to bring dilution from share awards more into line with the
UK market standard, alongside the changes to Executive Director
remuneration, the Group is miplementing changes to the remuneration
of other senior executives and employees to rebalance variable
remuneration towards cash fram share incentives. To ensure
smooth, fair and effective implementation, the reduction in the
level of share awards will be carried out over five years.

Directors who served during the current year:

Gains on Gains on
Other Other vesting of vesting of
Salary Salary benefits benefits equity equity
and and (private (private incentive — incentive
fees* fees” Pension Pension healthcare) healthcare) Bonus® — Bonus: awards’? awards”> Total Total
£'000 £'000 £7000 £000 £000 £000, £000, £'000 £000 £'000 £'000, £'000
_. ___Fy2a_ FY23  FY24 Fy23 0 FY24 FY23FY24 © FY23—FY24 = FY23—FY24 F283
Executive
Directors
Luc Baqué 523 N/A 42) NA 1 - - NA 644 NA 1,210 NA
John Paton 325300 - - 1 - - 30 510 366836686
Non-
Executive
Directors
Maeve Byme 6s 56 - - - ~ - - - - 69 56
Ken Fry 1 98 - ~ - - - - - — tot 93
Penny Judd so 68 - - - - - - ~ - 69 63
ill May 6963 - - - - - - - - 69 63
Total 4456 «S75 42 - 2 - - 30154 662,354 Tt

23 On 13 Septeriner 2028 &
Fos For + 20 ths tem was meredsed to €.39) pr arn sn
3uLoc Baava-was agoc
Bur fq FY 29) Mavis Berne was ap00mnted oF “5 May 2022 ber an”
conases nere anaraaga the Exéuul ve Tractors ieeletn ia
otthow rospaniwe pase saanes

a

For FY 25, me

32 “8,185 PSs grave 19 Luc Bague a0 Z2 July 202% vestas avd were vereacor an 22 June 2923,

ard remain ungsersises further detals ars sal out er np 32-87

2258 198 .SOP avars
£82 DO was rear
sands are beng

team the side gute table Therefore 10 ergure consistency.

130 tp the Bare 071 Apnl 2023 His ramunevat on as an empiuyse tor F “22 rs
SFEBO.O00 was pre-e

(05,000 ger anu sas reai.ced for aac Nor -Laoculive D rect fo” reir work chaweg  Soara comwrdtes, ts fee nes Zeer erate anconaing , fr

“okuded in ts tao an the nasis thal hs tas vas 2 Steeler 9! the Someary
ay ancora
Sommnties azorcven "ts awa’

veg Dirgcior bom ses “or FY 29 at tne eas valent 0! Ds

26 882 SOP anaras granted to Joe Pator on 22 July 2920 wstod oe 22 July 2622

fated te JoP@ Paton 23 19 uty 2019 waste om 19 Joy 2032 aN were SuESEQUEr exmHeGAA Um 24 huguln 2022 W tne EY 29 nn ual Ragort. 8 gar of
in relation (0 vn Palon's sxe" ca or equity merle awards OF 2a August 2322 FrowiFY 24 onwards gains on vested lather “hay exercised 20

SFY Z3ngure hs

Je upg 12 rates Phe gain an the yasting date of "4 July 2

alphatme.com

°
g
3
8
ry
3
2
$
g
g
Ft
Fa
i



===== page 95 =====
92 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

vote Goverrance

Annual report on remuneration continued

Salary, benefits and pension

For FY 24, Lue Baqué's salary was €600,000 (£523,000) and
John Paton's sélary was £325,000. During the year pension
contributions were received by Luc Baqué of €49,000 (£42,000).
No pension contrinutions were received by John Patan during
the year.

Annual bonus

In FY 24, both of the Executive Directors were eligibie to earn a
performance-related cash bonus of up to 10% of base salary,
with the opportunity for higher bonuses in the event of financial
outperformance, Given that FY 24 profits were below targeted
levels, no bonuses were awarded to the Executive Directors in
respect of FY 24

Share incentive plan
‘The Committee approved the grant of annuai incentive awards to
the senior management team globally, inckiding the Executive
Directors, in July 2023, comprising UK joint share ownership plan
awards (‘JSOP" shares) and MIP shere options. Details of the
awards granted to the Executive Directors are set out below.

The performance criteria for FY 24 share incentive awards to the
Executive Directors and senior management of the Group were
four-fold and depended on the individual and their role:

— The Group achieving adjusted EPS growth in FY 24 of 11.26%
or more to trigger a maximum award, or 7.5% to trigger a 66%
award, with a linear application of awards between these levels.

~ The Group achieving a TSR over three years in excess of the
mean TSR delivered by a peer group of comparable companies.

Personal adherence to corporate values and risk policy.

Personal targets and goals, including business unit EBITDA
for members cf senior management.

The performance consitions for share incentive awards to be
granted to the Executive Directors and senior management in
FY 25 and beyond will be more closely aligned to market
standards for an AIM-quoted company of Alpha’s size, as
explained on p. 88.

Vesting during FY 24

In June 2023, 154,185 RSU awards granted te Luc Baqué on

22 June 2920 (prior to his appointment to the Board} vesied and
were released. The closing price al the award dale was £1.85 and
the orice on the vest date was £4.18.

In July 2023, 126,652 JSOP awards granted to John Paton on
22 July 2020 vested. The closing price at the award date was
£1.85 and the hurdle rate was £2.11. The closing price on the

date of vast was £4.03. These awards remain unexercised by

John Paton.

The performance conditions relating to these awards, including
EPS growth in FY 21, total shareholder return and financiat and
behavioural targets, were met in full.

Details of Executive Directors’ share awards held as at 31 March 2024
are set out below:

Lue Baque
Options/RSUs Options/RSUs
asat Granted Shareprice Share price ——_Exercised/ Lapsed asat Vesting/
1 Aprit during at grant at vest/release released during ‘during 31 March release
Grantdate 2023 theyear =D the year the year 2024 la
18/06/2019 154,185 = 228 418 (154,185) - = Vested on
22/06/2023
22/07/2020 253,304 - 185 - - - 253,304 22/07/2024
06/07/2021 205,882 - 353 - - ~ 205,882 06/07/2024
ovor2022 179,487 - 390 - - ~ 179,487 01/07/2025
04/07/2023" - 261,008 400 - - - 201,005 04/07/2026
Total 792,858 201,005 (154,185) - 839,678

24 Luc Bequeé has two awards vasiing in July 2024 relating to tus previous roly and granted under the French Share Plan Rules. wn raspect of Iwo separate performance penivds,
{35 Basod on the Comnmstee’s assassmont of the periormance conditions of nese awards, wich clude one-year EMS performance for FY 24, these awards beld by the Executive Directors

wil t0t vest

alphafme.cam


===== page 96 =====
Annuai Report & Accounts 2024 93

Jahn Paton

Options Share price Share price Options
as at Granted during at grant atvest Exercised Lapsed during asat
Grantdate 1 April2023._—_the year ) ____ {p)_during the year the year $1 March 2024 Vesting date
22/07/2020 126,852 - 185 403 ~ ~ 126,652 Vested on
22/07/2023, but
remain unexercised
06/07/2021 83,823 - 353 - - - 83,823 o6/o7/2024
01/07/2022 76,923 - 390 - - ~ 76,923 ovor/2025
04/07/2023" - 87,939 400 - - - 87,939 04/07/2026
Total 287,398 87,939 = - 375,337

Payments to past Directors for loss of office

There were no paymenis for loss of office during the year. Euan Fraser stepped down from the role of Chief Executive Officer and
from the Board on 31 March 2023 and remained employed by the Group as a Strategic Adviser to the Board on a part-time basis,
until § January 2024, The Remuneration Committee deemed him to be a good leaver and, as such, he retained his outstanging share
awards, which vest at the end of their normal vesting periods and are subject to performance and ather conditions.

Non-Executive Directors’ fees
For FY 24, the Chairman of the Board received a fee of £95,400 and the base fee for the three other Non-Executive Directors was set
at £63,600 during the year. The Chair of each committee of the Board received an additional annual fee of £5,300,

Remuneration consultants
The Group engaged h2glentern Remuneration Advisory as its Remuneration Gonsuitant during the year, to conduct a formal review
of the Group's Remuneration Policy for the Executive Directors and the senior management team, and te support the formulation ana
implementation of the Group's FY 25 Remuneration Policy, h2glenfern is a member of the UK Remuneration Consultants Group and,
as such, voluntarity adheres to its Code of Conduct. Ths Committee considers the advice that it receives from h2gienfern to be
independent. There are no reiationships between h2glenfern and either the Company or its individual Directors to be disclosed.

Directors’ share interests
The Directors’ interests in the share capital of the Company as at 31 March 2024 and the movements during the year are set out below:

Number of

ordinary
shares as at Number of Percentage
31 March ordinary of total voting

2023 Disposedof Acquired sharesasat rights as at
(ordateof — duringthe — duringthe = 31 March = 31 March

appointment) year year 2024 2024
Luc Baaué ~ — 1,068,929 ~ 154185 1,203,114 1.00%
John Paton 158,741 - — 488,741 0.13%
Maeve Byrne ~ - - - 0.00%
Ken Fry 484,090 - — 184,080 0.15%
Penny Judd - - - - 0.00%
sill May 12,307 - - 12,307 0.01%

There were no changes in the Directors’ interests in shares between 31 March 2024 and 20 June 2024,

alphatine.com

9°
g
3
3
a
s
2
H
I
4
3



===== page 97 =====
94 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Annual report on remuneration continued
Remuneration arrangements for FY 25

The Remuneration Committes sees FY 25 as a transitional year
in terms of the Group's remuneration strategy, to which the principles
of new Remuneration Policy have been applied, together with
some transitional arrangements to avoid any significant variations
in on-target earnings for equivalent performance from FY 24 to
FY 25. Importantly, there is no intention to increase the overall
remuneration opportunity at on-target levels of performance.
Stretching performance conditions will ensure that significant
out-pertormane against targets is required for maximum

vesting to occur.

The Committee has set FY 25 remuneration for the Executive
Directors as follows:

Base salaries

Taking into consideration the performance of the Group in FY 24
and the challenging market context, the Remuneration Committee
has agreed that base salaries for the Executive Directors for FY 25
will remain unchanged from FY 24 levels. Luc Baqué’s salary from
1 Apiil 2024 is therefore €600,000 per annum. Jehn Paton’s
salary from 7 April 2024 is therefore £325,000 per annum.

Annual bonus,

The FY 25 bonus maximum opportunity for the Chief Executive
Officer, Luc Baqué, and for the Chief Financial Officer, John Paton,
will be sel at 90% of salary and 60% of salary, respectively.

70% of the overall opportunities will vest by reference to performance
against financial objectives (split 45% for EBITDA growth and 25%
for nat tee income growth). 30% of the opportunities will vest by

reference to personal performance against non-financial objectives.

For 25% of the bonus awards opportunities to vest, threshold
performance aligned to market consensus must be met.
Significant outperformance beyond target levels is recuired for
100% of the opportunities to vest. Therefore, while the bonus
opportunities have been increased trom FY 24 to FY 25, more
sitingent thresholds anc stretch targets have been applied than in
FY 24, Market standard malus and clawback conditions also aoply.

25% of bonuses paid to the Executive Directors will be subject to
a two-yaar deferral into shares, subject ta £25,000 minimum
share deferral.

alphafme.com

tive awards:

vong-toriy
The FY 25 equity incentive opportunity for the Chief Executive
Officer, Luc Baoué, will be set at a maximum opportunity at 150%
of salary. The FY 25 equity incentive opportunity for the Chief
Financial Officer, John Paton, willbe set at a maximum opportunity
al 125% of salary, These opportunities are set at similar levels to
FY 24, but are subject to more stringent vesting requirements
than in FY 24. Key features of the equity incentive awards in FY 25
are as follows:

put y nc

75% of the opportunity will vest by reference to EPS growth
over three years. Threshold vesting of 25% of the awards will
occur at 5% compound annual growth rate ("CAGR"). Full
vesting at 12% CAGR;

25% of the opportunity will vest by reference to relative TSA
growth over three years, Threshold vesting at median and full
vesting at upper quartile performance;

Three-year vesting period, followed by a two-year holding
period; and

— Markel standard malus and claw back conditions.

Itis intended that the full vesting target level will increase to 15%
CAGR for FY 26 awards. 12% CAGR has been applied for FY 25
to provide for a smooth transition to the new structure. The previous
three-year relative TSR target required performance in axcass af
the mean of a peer group. As such, significantly higher levels of
overall performance are required under the new structure to
trigger higher levels of vesting.

Chairman and Mon-Executive Director foes for FY 25

The Board approved an annual increase of 3.5% in Non-Executive
Director fees for FY 25, taking into account inflation rates and the
Group's annual pay review ‘or UK employees. With effect from

+ April 2024, the Chairman's base fee is £98,700 per annum and
the Non-Executive Directors’ base fees are £65,800 per annum.
Each Non-Executive Director also chairs 4 Board committee and
receives an additional fee of £5,590 per annum.

Penny Judd
Chair of the Remuneration Committee

A) dune


===== page 98 =====
Annual Report & & Accounts 202495

ae De at pregece gelidar cs

Pema wees Tay emmaerrs

Rar AD

stor the

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ple is incorporated in England and Wales with registered number 09965297, The Company's
registered office is 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB. Tha Company is a public limited company and is listed on AIM of the
London Stock Exchange,

The Directors believe that the requisite components of this report are set out elsewhere in the Annual Report and/or on the Company's
website, alpnafmc.com/investors. The table sets out where the necessary disclosures can be found.

Business performance

°
§
3
g
3
5
g
$
3
3
3
FI
3

Principal activites: Algna Financial Markets Consulting pie is the holding company for a global graup of campantes, the prinnipel actwity of
which is the provision of consulting and related services fo clients in the asset management, wealth management and
insurance: industries,

A raview of the porformance and future development of the Group's business 1s contained in the Chairman's, tne Chief
Executive Officer's and the Chet Fanci Cricer's reports on go 9-1, pp 12-16 and pp 26-30 respectively.

“The francialreslts forthe year ended 81 Warch 2024 are get out inthe Chief Financial Ofioer’s eaport on pp 25-80 and in
the consolidatad statement of comprehensive income on p. 108 and further commented ugon in the Cnief Execute
Otticar’s report on pp 12-15.

The Directors consider the curent state of afar of tho Group to be satistactory.

An interim dividend of 3.709 per share was paid in December 2023 {FY 22: 3.70p).In view ofthe recommended cash
offer to acquire Aipha by Actium Bicco (UK) Limited, a newly incorporated indirect subsidiary of certain funds managed
by Bridgepomnt Advisers 1 imitad, the Board is nat racommending a final dividend, If the acquistion dees not complete,
itis expected that the Board would declare a tinal dividend in respect of FY 24 at a later date,

Information regarding cividend payments can also be found i note 10 to the consolidated financial statements.

Strategic Report ‘The Strategic Report can be found on pp 4-61

Activities mresearch The Company did not engage in any material research and development activities in the year.
and.devatopment

On 20 June 2024, the Board anneunced a recommenced rash offer 1 accqure Alpha hy Actuun Ede @K) Lata. a newly
incorporated indirect subsidiary of certain funcls managed by Bridgepoint Advisers Limited. Further details of this offer can
‘be found on p. 64 and on the Company's website,

Further detats about the Company’ future davaropmonts can be found in the stretoay section on pp 22-23.

Detals of nost-balance shoot events are provided in note 2 to the consolidated tinancial statements, Additionaly, the reports
Of ne Chiat Executve Ofteer and Cnet Financial cer provide undates on tracing ater the balance sheet Gee,
The Directors have considered the going concer status of the Corpany and are Satisfied that the Company remains
‘a going concern, Details of the going concer basis are set out in note 1 16 the consolidated financial statements.
Further commentary can be found in the Chiet Financial Officer's report on p, 30.

Alplia Financial Markets Consulting pic has a branch in France. Additionally, as disclosed on p. 5, after the year-end.
Alpha launched a new Branch in Aby Dhiabt, which is to be overseen by and wil intialy form part of the UK ousiross.

Directors

‘The netes to ine tnancial statements, including note 23 from 9.142, incuce Further infarction fn the Fv p's Se of
financial instruments.

Directors that have served dunng the year and summaries of the current Directors’ key skits and expenonce are set out
the Corporate Governance report on pp 66-67

As permitted by the Artictes of Association, the Directors hava the henett nf an indemnity, which sa qualifying third-party
indemnity provision as detined oy Section 234 of the Companies Act 2006. The mdemrity was in force throughout the
financial pend and at tne Gate of approval of the franca statements
Detais of ine Drectors’ beneficial interests are sat out in the Remuneratin Committe: report nna 9S.
The Group purchases and mainta:ns Directors’ and Officers’ liability nsurance for the benefit of ts Directors, which was in
place throughout the year and remains in place at the date of this report,

alphafme.com



===== page 99 =====
96 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Constitution

Pee ye ems Any amencments to the Company's Articies of Association may be made by special resolution of the shareholders, A copy
: of the Articles of Association can be found on the Company's website: alphaime. comvinvestors/aim-rule-26.

The Comoany has only one class af ardinary share, which cares no right to fixed income, and each ordinary share is
emfiled to one vote al general meetings af the Company,

Stakeholders and policies

Ce rere he Company's section 172 statement and key Board decisions can be found in the Strategic Report on pp 81-35.

Lee Dela of how the Group ongages with Alpha employees are set out in the secton 172 statement n the Strategic Report on
p. 34 and further described in the looking after our people section on pp 36-39.

Alpha is a Disabiity Confident Employer. Further details of Alpha’s cammitment to being an inclusive and disability-triendily
organisation are get aut under the leoking after our people section on pp 36-39,

Rr rem Ocldis of the key decisions and discussions of the Board during the year and the main stakenolder inputs into those
‘and key decision decisions are set out in the section 172 statement of the Strategic Report on pp 32-33.

F Modern Stavery ‘The Company has approved and published its Modern Slavery Statement on its website in accordance with the Modern
Statement: Slavery Act 2015.

Political donations ‘The Company made no political donations cunng the year to 31 March 2024,

Pert ae der the Companies (Directors' Report) and Limited Liabilty Partnerships (Energy and Carbon Repart} Reguiations 2018,

Carbon Reportirig we are mandated lo disclose our UK energy use and associated greenhouse gas ((GHG") emissions. Snecifically, Alpha is

(“SECR") required to report those GHG emissions relating to natural gas, electricity and transzorl fuel, as well as an intensity ratio,
under the SECR Regulations. Further details can be found in the sustainable business section on op 40-47.

Task Force on The Group has this year published its first TCFD report, which details how the Group identifies and monitors climate-related
‘Climate-retated tisks; and opportunities. This can be found on pp 48-51.

Financial Disoloeure
report (“TCFD report”)

Financiatrisk The Group has established intemal control and risk management structures for preparing the consolidated financial
management statements. The key features of this framework ars cescrioed in the risk management section of the Sirategic Report
on pp 52-56 and in note 23 ta the consolidated financial statements.

Shareholders and share capital

‘The Company's issued shere capital as at $1 March 2024 was 122,003,736 ordinary shares of 0.075p each (‘Ordinary
Shares"), none of which were held in treasury and 7,837,366 of which were held in the Company's employee benefit,
trust (EBT.

During the year, the EBT purchased g total of 1,025,154 Ordinary Shares in the Compary. The sharas are held n the

EBT, a discretionary trust, and are intendad to be used to satis'y the exercise of share options by employees, including the
Exenutive Directors of the Company. A total of 7,537.055 Ordinary Shares were held hy the FAT an 31 March 2024. These

Ordinary Shares hold voting rights. albeit the EBT does not exercise these voting rights, nor receive dividends in respect of
these shares,

Oetails of the issued share capitai and movements in the Company's Issued share capital during the year are shown in the
conggidated statement of changes in equity and note 21 to the consaiidated financial statements.

The Company has only one class of Ordinary Share, which carries no right to fixed Income, Each Ordinary Share 1s entitled
10 one vote at general meetings of the Company,

‘The Company was authorised by @ sharchalders' resclution passed at the Annual General Meeting held on 6 September 2023
10 purchase up to 10% of its issued share capital for cancellation or holding in treasury. This authority will expire at the 2024
AGM (he'd). The Company purchased no shares during the year undier this authority. During the year, 112 EBT purchased a
Total of 1,035,154 Ordinary Sheras in the Company.

alphatme.com


===== page 100 =====
Shareholders and share cay

Major interests In shares

Auditor and audit

By order of the Board,

John Paton
Chief Financ.al Ofticer

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 97

al continued

As at 20 June 2024, the Company had been notified, in accordance with chapter five of the Disclosuse and Transparency
Rules. of was otherwise aware, of the following significant interests in the issued ordinary share capital of the Company:

Percentage of
voting rights and.

Name of person(s) subject issued share
of notification capital
Invesco - 881
Gresham House Asset

Management Lc 328
abrdn 6.29
Janus Henderson investors 573
Rathbones Group ple 481
Kempen Oranje Participants NV, 4.54
Investec Wealth & investment 4.60
‘Swedbank Robur 4.03
NFU Mutual 3.48

Datails of the Camoany's 2024 AGM can be found on p. 75 of this report.

In the case of each of the persons who are Directors of the Company at the date when ihis report was approved:

So far as each of the Diractors 1s aware. there 1s no information relevant fo the audit of which the Company's auditor
1s unaware: and

Each of the Drectors have taken all the steps that they ought to have laken a a Direator to make themselves aware of
any information selevant to the audit and to establish that the Company's auctor is aware of that formation,

‘The auditor, KPMG LLP. has indicated its willingness to continue in office and a resolution seeking to re-appoint KPMG LLP
as the Group's auditor will be proposed at the 2024 AGM {if held

alphatmc.com

9
g
3
3
3
3
8
i
3
F
2



===== page 101 =====
98 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corporat Rare oye

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities

ngibia Far nes

Company law requires the Directors to prepare Group and parent
Company financial statements for each financial year. Under the
AIM Ruies of the London Stock Exchange, they are required to
prevare the Group financial statements in accordance with
Uk-adopted international accounting standards and applicable
law and they have elected to prepare the parent Company financial
statements on the same basis.

Under company law the Directors must not approve the financial
statements uniess they are satisfied that they give a true and fair
view of the state of affairs of the Group and parent Company and
of the Group's orofit or loss for that period. In pregaring each of
the Group and parent Company financial statements, the
Directors are required to:

— Select suitable accounting policies and then apply
them consistently;

- Make judgements and estimates that are reasonable, relevant,
and reliable and, in respect of the parent Company financial
statements only, prudent;

— State whether they have been prepared in accordance with
Uk-adopted international accounting standards;

Assess the Group and parent Company's ability to continue 2s
a going cencern, disclosing, as applicable, mattera rclatcd to
going concern, and

— Use the going concem basis of accounting unless they either
intend to liquidate the Group or the parent Company or to
cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

he

ct

;
Pe ed

ee

‘The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting
records that are sufficient to show and explain the parent Company's
transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time
the financial position of the parent Company and enable them to
ensure that its financial statements comply with the Companies
Act 2006. They are responsible for such internal control as they
determine is necessary to enabie the preparation of financial
statements that are ‘ree from material misstatement, whether due
to fraud or error, and nave general responsibility for taking such
steps as are reasonably opan to them to safeguard the assets of
the Group and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities

Under agplicable taw and reguiations, the Directors are also
responsible for preparing a Strategic Report and a Directors’
Report that complies with that law and those regulations

The Directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity
of the corporate and financial information included on the
Company's website. Legislation in the UK governing the preparation
and dissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation
in other jurisdictions.

By order of the Board

John Paton
Chief Financial Officer



===== page 102 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 a9

Independent auditor’s report

to the members of Alpha Financial Markets Consutting ple

1. Our opinion is unmodified

‘We have audited the financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets
Consulting pic ("the Company”) for the year ended 31 March 2024,
which comprise the consolidated statement of comprehensive
income, consolidated statemant of financial position, consolidated
statement of cash flows, consolidated statement of changes in
equity, company statement of financial position, company statement
‘of changes in equity, and the related notes, including the accounting
policies in nots 1 to both the consofidated fmancial statements and
company financial statements,

in our opinion:

the financial statements give a true and fair view of the state
of the Group's and of the parent Company's affairs as at
31 March 2024 and of the Group's profit for the year then ended;

~ the Group financial statements have been properly prepared
in accordance with UK: adopted inte national accounting standards,

— the parent Company financial staternents nave been properly
prepared in accordance with UK accounting standards.
including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework; and

the financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with the requirernents of the Companies Act 2008,

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International
Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)") and applicable law.
Our responsibilities are described bolow. We have tulfilled our
ethical responsibilities under, and are independent of the Group
in accordance with, UK ethical requirements including the FC
Ethical Standard as appiied to listed entities. We believe that the
audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate
basis for our opinion,

Overview

£1.28m [FY 23: £1.5m}

| Materiatity:
‘Group financial
Statements-as:
‘awhole

4.9% {EY 23: 4.85) a Group profit betore tax
adjusted for acquisition costs, employrent-iinked
and contingent consideration

‘excluding intercompany

veFY 23

PETC EE Feverue recognition on contracts in >

progress at year end, and recognition
of daferrad and accrued income

Presentation and disclosure of
adjusting tems (alemative
performance measures)

<>

Recoverabilty of parent Company's
investments in subsiciaries and
receivables due from Group entittes
(parent Company only)

<>

alphatme.com

°
8
3
3
8
by
2
3
3
3
3



===== page 103 =====
100 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

2. Key audit matters: our assessment of risks of material misstatement

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in the audit of the financial
statements and include the most significant assessed risks of material misstatement (whether or not due to fraud} identified by us,
including those which had the greatest effect on: the overall audit strategy; the allocation of resources in the audit; and directing the
efforts of the engagement team, These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole,
and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. In artiving at our audit opinion above,
the key audit matters, in decreasing order of audit significance. were as fallows (unchanged from FY 23).

Revenue recognition

‘on contracts in progress
at year end, and
recognition of deferred
and accrued income

(Revenue £235.5m, FY 23:
£228.7m; Deferred income
£1.9m, FY 23: £1.0m;
Accrued income £4.4m,
FY 23: £3.71}

Refer to p. 82 (Audit and
Risk Committee Report),
p. 117 faccounting policy)
and p. 120, p. 135 and
pp 137-138 financial
disclosures}

alphaime.com

The

Our response

Inappropriate recognition
of revenue on contracts in
progress at year end by
error or fraud, and impact
on resulting deferred and
accrued income:

Billing of contracts is either on a
time and expense or milestone
basis. There is a risk that
revenue transactions around
the year end, including the
associated deferred and
accrued income, might be
incorrectly recorded, either in
error or fraudulently, such that it
does not reflect hours worked
or the services provided.

Our procedures included:

Tests of detail (tracing and agreeing): we assessed the
appropriateness of revenue recognised by:

* selecting a sample of revenue transactions recognised in
March 2024 and April 2024 and obtaining the contract to
determine if time and expense or milestone;

+ for time and expense engagements, agree to the invoice
and hours recorded on timesheet records to assess that
the revenue has been recognised in the appropriate
financial year;

for milestone contracts, agree te the invoice and deliverable
specified in the terms and conditions of the contract to
assess whether revenue has been recognised in the
appropriate financial year;

selecting a sample of items included in deferred income at
31 March 2024 and agreeing that the amounts billed per
the invoice are in advance of the work being completed as.
specified in the terms and conditions of the contract; and

selecting a sample of items included in accrued income

al 31 March 2024 and agreeing: that amounts accrued agree
to hours recorded on timesheet records that have not been
invoicec; that contracts with the customer are in place for the
work performed: and that amounts accrued have been
invoiced post-year end.

We performed the delaiied tests above rather than seeking to rely
‘on any of the Group's controls because our knowledge of the
design of these controls indicated that we would not be able to
obtain the required evidence to support reliance on controls.

— Assessing transparency: we considered the adequacy

of the Group's disclosures In respect of revenue, deferred
income and accrued income.



===== page 104 =====
Presentation and
disclosure of adjusting
items (alternative
performance measures)

Adjusting items £14.3m,
FY 23: £15,8m}

Refer to p. 82 (Audit and
Risk Committee Report),
p. 118 faccounting policy)
and pp 121-124

Recoverability of parent
Company’s investments
in subsidiaries and
receivables due from
Group entities (parent
Company only)

(investment carrying value
£70.5m, FY 23: 1.3m;
Receivables due trom
Group entities £90.7m,
FY 23; £165.0m)

Refer to p. 82 (Audit and
Risk Committee Report),
pp 147-148 faccounting
Policy} and p, 149

Inappropriate identification
of adjusting items, and
inappropriate presentation
and disclosure of
alternative performance
measures by error:

The disclosure of adjusting
items and alternative
performance measures
(’APMs") is subjective.

There is a risk that items are
inappropriately identified as
adjusting items and/or items
classitied as adjusting items
or APMs are cisclosed on an
inconsistent basis (both within
the period and between
periods}, and that clear and
accurate explanation of
adjusting items is not given

in order fo manipulate the
presentation of the
performance of the business.
There is also a risk that undue
prominence is given to APMs.

Recoverability of parent
Company's investments
in subsidiaries and
receivables due from
Group entities.

The carrying amount of the
parent Company's investments
in subsidiaries and of the
intra-Group debtor balance
together represents 99%

{FY 23: 99%) of the parent
Company's total assets. Their
recoverability is not at a high
risk of significant misstatement
or subject to significant
judgement. However, due to
their materiality in the context
of the parent Company
financial statements, this is
considered to be the area that
had the greatest effect on our
overall parent company audit,

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 = 101

‘Our response
Our procedures included

Tests of detail: we assessed the appropriateness of the
presentation of alternative performance measures and adjusting
items by:

+ challenging the Group's classification of adjusting items
and APMs through referance to external guidance and
comparison to compatitors. Assessing whether the adjusting
iterns met the Group’s definition of adjusting items and
whether that presentation and the presentation of APMs is
on a consistent basis with prior periods;

inspecting the Group's calculations of alternative performance
measures to test the accuracy of the amounts in the
disclosures; and

agreeing items separately disclosed to supporting invoice or
Group’s calculation and assessing whether they have been
captured accurately.

We performed the tests above rather than seeking to rely on any of
the Group's controls because the nature of the balance is such that
we would expect to obtain audit evidence primarily through the
detailed procedures described.

Assessing transparency: critically assessing the disclosure
in the Annual Report and Agcounts and considering whether
appropriate prominence has been given to GAAP measures,
and whether explanations of adjusting items and reconciliations
of allernative performance measures and GAAP measures are
clear and accurate.

Our procedures included

- Test of detail: we assessed the recoverability of the parent
Company investments and intra-Group receivables by
comparing the carrying amount of investments in subsidiaries
(post-reorganisation) and intra-Group debtors with reference to
the relevant subsidiaries’ draft balance sheets to identify whether
they have net assets and whether those subsidiaries have
historically been profit-making, and comparing to the market
capitalisation of the Group.

We performed the tests above rather than seeking to rely on any of
the Group’s controls because the nature of the balance is such that
we would expect to cbtain audit evidence primarily through the
detailed procedures described.

- Assessing transparency: assessing the adequacy of the
parent Company's disclosures in respect of investments in
subsidiaries and Group debtor balances.

alphatme.com

9
g
3
3
3
&
2
s
J
FA
3
$



===== page 105 =====
102 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Gover ye

3, Our application of materiality and an overview
of the scope of our audit

Materiality ‘or the Group financial statements as a whole was set
at £1.25m (FY 28: £1.5m}, determined with reference to @ benchmark
of Group profit before tax normaiised to exclude acquisition costs,
employment: linked and contingent consideration as disclosed in
note 4, of which it represents 4.9% (FY 23: 4.8%),

Materiality for the parent Company financial statements as a whole
was set at £0,6m (FY 23: £0.7m), which is the component materiality
for the parent Company determined by the Group audit engagement
team. This is lower than the materiality we would otherwise have
determined with reference to a benchmark of parent Company
total assets, of which it represents 0.4% (FY 23: 0.4%).

In line with our audit methodology, our procedures on individual
account balances and disclosures were performed to a lower
threshold, performance materiality, so as to reduce to an
acceptable level the risk that individually immaterial misstatements
in individual account balances add up to a material amount

across the financial statements as a whole.

Performance materiality was set at 75% (FY 23: 75%) of materiality
for the financial statements as a whole, which equates to £0,94m_
(FY 23: £1.13m} for the Group and £0.45m (FY 23; £0.53m) for the
parent Company. We applied this percentage in our determination
of performance materiality because we did not identify any factors
indicating an elevated tevel of risk,

We agreed to report to the Audit and Risk Committee any
corrected or uncorrected identified misstatements exceeding
£0.06m (FY 23: £0.075m). in addition to other identified
migstatements that warranted reporting on qualitative grounds.

Of the Group's 34 (FY 23: 34) reporting components, we
subjacted 7 (FY 23: 7) to full scope audits for Group purpases
and 1 (FY 23: 1} to specified risk-focused audit pracedures. The
latter were not individually financially significant enough to requite
a full scope audit for Group purpeses, but did present specific
individual risks that needed to be addressed, We subjected 1

(FY 23: 1} component to specified risk-focused audit procedures
over revenue, accrued income, deferred income and profit

share accruals.

Group revenue

80%

(FY 23: 70%)

@ Fulscope for Group audit purposes 2024
Specified risk focused audit procedures 2024
@ = Fubscope for Group audit purposes FY 23

aiphafme.com

Group absolute profit before tax
excluding intercompany

For the rasidual components, we performed analysis at an
aggregated Group level to re-examine our assessment that there
were no significant risks of material misstatement within these.
The component materialities ranged fromm £0.40m to £0.75m

(FY 23: £0.5m to £1.0m), having regard to the mix of size and risk
profile of the Group across the components. The work on all of
the components (FY 23: alt of the components), including the
audit of the parent Company, was performed by the Group team,
The Group team performed procedures on the items excluded
from normalised Group pratit before tax. The scone of the audit
work performed was predominately substantive as we placed
limited reliance upon the Group's intemal control over

financial reporting

The components within the scope of our work accounted for
the percentages illustrated below.

Normatised Group profit before
tax adjusted for acquisition
costs, employment-linked and
contingent consideration

Group materiality
£1.25m (FY 23: 1.5m)

£1.25m
Whole financial
statements materiality
(FY 23; £1.50m}

£28.7m (FY 23: £34,.0m)

£0.94m
Whole financial

statements performance
matenalty (FY 28: 21.139)

£0.75m
Range of materiality
at 8 components,
(£6.40n1-£0,750r) [FY
28° £0.58m 10 P1.18m)

@ Group protit before tax
adjusted for acauisition costs,
employment linked and
contingent consideration

% Groun matedalty

£0.06m
Misstatements

reported to the Aucit
and Risk Committee

Group total assets (FY 24; £0,08m)

89%

(FY 23: 91%)

Specified risk-focused audit procedures FY 23
Residual components.


===== page 106 =====
The remaining 20% (FY 23: 2154) of total Group revenue excluding
intercompany, 16% of Group profit betore tax excluding intercompany
(FY 23: 16%) and 11% (FY 23: 996) of total Group assets is represented
by 26 (FY 22: 28) reporting components, none of which individually
represented more than 4% (FY 28; 3%) of any of total Group revenue,
Group profit before tax excluding intercompany or total Group
assets. For these components, we performed analysis at an
aggregated Group level to re- examine our assessment that there
were no significant risks of material misstatement within them.

4. Going concern
The Directors have prepared the financial statements on the going
concern basis as they do nat intend to liquidate the Group or the
parent Company or to cease their operations, and as they have
concluded that the Group and the parent Company's financial
position means that this is realistic. They have also concluded that
there are no material uncertainties that could have cast significant
doubt over their ability to continue as a going concem for at least
a year from the date of approval of the financial statements

("the going concern period"),

We used our knowledge of the Group, its industry, and the
general economic environment to identity the inherent risks to its
business model and analysed how those risks might affect the
Group's and parent Company's financial resources or ability to
continue operations over the going concern period, The risk that
we considered mast likely to adversely affect the Group's and
parent Company's available financial resources and metrios
relevant to debt covenants aver this period was:

forecasted future revenue generation,

We considered whether this risk could plausibly affect the liquidity
in the going concer period by assessing the degree of downside
assumption that, incividualy and collectively, could result in a
liquidity issue, taking into account the Group's current and
projected cash and facilities (a “reverse stress test")

We considered whether the going concern disclosure in note 4
to the financial statements gives a full and accurate description
of the Directors’ assessment of going concer, including

the identified risks and dependencies. We assessed the
completeness of the going concern disclosure

Our conclusions based on this work:

we consider that the Directors’ use of the going concem
basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial
statements is appropriate:

— we have not identified, and concur with the Directors’
assessment that there is not, a matenal uncertainty related
to events or conditions that. inaividually or collectively, may
cast significant doubt on the Group's or parent Company's
ability to continue as a going concern for the going concern
period; and

— we found the going concem disclosure in note 1 to be acceptable.

However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions
and ag subsequent events may result in cutcomes that are
inconsistent with judgements that were reasonable at the time
they were mada. the above conclusions are not a guarantee that
the Group or the parent Company will continue in operation

5. Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations

- ability to detect
Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement
due to fraud
To identify risks of material misstatement due to fraud ("fraud risks")
we assessed events or conditions that could indicate an incentive
of pressure to commit fraud or provide an opportunity to commit
fraud, Our risk assessment procedures included

enquiring of Directors and the Audit and Risk Committee,
and inspection of policy documentation as to the Group's high
level policies and procedures to prevent and detect fraud,
including the Group's channel for “whistleblowing’, as well as
whether they have knowledge of any actual, suspected or
allaged fraud:

reading Board and Audit and Risk Gommittee minutes;

considering remuneration incentive schemes and performance
targets for management and Directors inciuding the adjusted
EPS target for management remuneration; and

using analytical procedures to identity any Unusual or
unexpected relationships.

We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit team
and remained alert to any indications of fraud throughout the audit.

As required py auditing standards, and taking into account
possible pressures to meet profit targets and aur overall knowledge
of the control environment, we perform procedures to address the
risk of management override of controls and the risk of fraudulent
revenue recognition. in particular:

the risk that Group management may be in a position to make
inappropriate accounting entries;

the risk of bias in accounting estimates and judgements such
as employment-linked acquisition payments, share-based
payments and contingent consideration; and

— the risk that revenue is recorded in the wrong period.

Further detal in respect of revenue recognition is set out in the
key audit matter disclosures in section 2 of this report. We also
performed procedures including:

identifying journal entries and other adjustments to test for all
full scope components based on risk criteria and comparing
the identified entries to supporting documentation. These
included unusual pairings with a credit or debit to an account
above earnings before interest, tax. depreciation and amortisation,
EBITDA’), with the opposite entry below EBITDA and unusual
journals with a credit or debit entry to cash:

identifying revenue transactions to test for all full scope:
components based on unusual pairings with a credit or debit
to revenue; and

assessing whether the judgements made in making
accounting estimates are indicative of a potential bias.

alphafme.com

9
g
3
Hy
3
s
2
g
3
a
Fy
3



===== page 107 =====
104. Annual Report & Accounts 2024

eenan

5. Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations
~ ability to detect continued

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement
due to non-compliance with laws and regulations

We identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably
be expected to have a material effect on the financial statements
from our general commercial and sector experience, and through
discussion with the Directors and other management (as required
by auditing standards), and trom inspection of the Group's legal
correspondence and discussed with the Directors and other
ranagement, the policies and procedures regarding compliance
with laws and regulations.

We communicated identified laws and regulations throughout our
team and remained alert to any indications of nen- compliance
throughout the audit. The potential effect of these laws and
regulations on the financial staternents varies considerably.

Firstly, the Group is subject to laws and regulations that directly
affect the financial statements including financial reporting
‘egislation {including related companies legistation), distributable
profits legislation anc taxation legisiation and we assessed the
extent of compliance with these laws and regulations as part

of our procedures on the related financial statement items.

Secondly, the Group is subject to many other laws and regulations
where the consequences of non-compliance could! have a material
effect on amounts or disclosures in the financial statements, for
instance through the imposition of fines or litigation, We identified
the following areas as those most likely to have such an effect:
anti-bribery, data protection and employment law recognising the
tinancial nature of the Group's activities. Auditing standards limit
the required audit procedures to identity non-compliance with
thase laws and regulations to enquiry of the Directors and other
management and inspection of regulatory and legal correspondence,
if any, Therefore if a breach of operational regulations is not
disclosed to us or evident from relevant correspondence, an
audit will not detect that breach.

Context of the ability of the audit to detect fraud or breaches
of law or regulation

Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an
unavcidable risk that we may net have detected some material
misstatements in the financial statements, evan though we have
properly planned and performed our audit in accordance with
auditing standards. For example, the further removed non-
compliance with laws and regulations is from the events and
transactions reflected in the financial statements, the less likely
the inherently limited procedures reauired by auditing standards
would identify it.

In addition, as with any audit, there remained a higher risk of
non-cetection of fraud, as these may involve collusion, forgery,
intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
internal controls. Our audit procedures are designed to detect
material misstatement. We are not responsible for preventing
non-compliance ar fraud and cannot be expected to detect
non- compliance with all laws and regulations,

alphafme.com

6. We have nothing to report on the other
information in the Annual Report

The Directors are responsible for the other information presented

in the Annual Report together with the financial statements.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other

information and, accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion

of, except as explicitly stated below, any form of assurance

conelusien thereon,

Our responsibilty is to read the other information and, in dong so,
consider whether, based on our financial staterments audit work,
the information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with
the financial statements ar our audit knowledge. Based solely on
that work we have not identified material misstatements in the
other information,

Strategic Report and Directors’ Report
Based solely on our work on the other information:

— we have not identified material misstatements in the Strategic
Report and the Directors’ Report;

- in our opinion the information given in those reports for the
financial year is consistent with the financial statements; and

— in Our opinion those reports have been pregared in
accordance with the Companies Act 2008.

7. We have nothing to report on the other matters
on which we are required to report by exception

Under the Companies Act 2006, we are required to report te you
if, in our opinion:

— adequate accounting records have not been kept by the
parent Company, or returns adequate for our audit have not
been received from branches not visited by us; or

— the parent Company financial statements are not in agreement
with the accounting records and returns; or

certain disclosures of Directors’ remuneration specified by law
are not made; or

-- we have not received all the information and explanations we:
require for our audit.

We have nothing to report in these respects.

8. Respective responsibilities

Directors’ responsibilities

As explained more fully in their statement set out on p. 98, the
Directors are responsible for: the preparation of the financial
statements including being satisfied that they give a true and fair
view; such internal control as they determine is necessary to
enable the preparation of financial staternents that are free from
materia misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; assessing
the Group and parent Company's ability to continue as a gaing
concern, disclosing, 2s applicable, matters related to going
concern; and using the going concern basis of accounting unless.
they either intend to liquidate the Group or the parent Company or
to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


===== page 108 =====
Auditor's responsibilities

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error, and to issue our opinion in an
auditor's report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance,
but does not guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when tt
exists, Misstaternents can arise from fraud or eror and are considered
material if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably b¢
expected to influsnoa the economic decisions of users taken on
the basis of the financial statements.

A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRO’s
website at www.tre.org.uk/auditorsresponsibittias.

9. The purpose of our audit work and to whom we
owe our responsibilities

This report is made solely to the Company's members, as a body,
in accordance with Chacter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act
2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state
to the Company's members those matters we are required to
state to them in an auditor's report and for no other purpose. To
the fullest extent permitted by jaw, we do not accept or assume
responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the
Company's members, as a body, for our audit work, for this
report, oF for the opinions we have formed.

Craig Parkin (Senior Statutory Auditor)
for ana on pehalf of KPMG LLP, Sratutory Auditor

Charterea Accountants

EastWost.
Tollhouse Hil’,
Nottingham
NGI 5S

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 105

i
8
3
8
3
3
:
3
3
Fy
8
Fs
#3

alphafme.cam



===== page 109 =====
106 = Annual Report & Accoun’ its 2024



===== page 110 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 107

Financial
Statements

108 Consolidated statement of comprehensive income

109 Consolidated statement of financial position

110 Consolidated statement of cash flows

‘111 Consolidated statement of changes in equity

472 Notes to the consolidated financial statements

445 Company statement of financial position —

146 Gompany statement of changes in equity

147 Notes to the Company financial statements

z
Fy
F
3
&
£
zg
=
i
3
e

me
_i
sper tosiniy

6s Alpha are reatly great
partners i our industry
and bring to Dear experiences
across asset classes, across

gecgrapnies They also brmg

and magnrts

Global Head of Investor Services,
Global asset manager

aiphatme.com



===== page 111 =====
108

Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Snag

dated stacerney fF comarehensee ¢
For the year ended 31 March 2024

Yearended Year ended
81 March 2024 31 March 2023
Note £7000 £°000
Continuing operations ~ - BO ~~
Revenue 2 235,471 228,717
Rechargeable expenses 2 (1,846) (1,562)
Netfesincome® - - 7 2 233,625 227,155
Cost of sales 2 (155,328) (146,796)
Grossprofit. 7 “2 78,297 80,369
Administration expenses (3,219) (61,723)
Operating profit “3 25,078 «28,636
Finance income 6 346 366
Finance expense 6 (2,854) (3.229)
Profitbeforetax BE 22,570 25,771
Taxation (6,723) (7,810)
Profit for the year 15,847 17,961
Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss:
Foreign exchange differences on translation of foreign operations a. _. {1,966} 3,510
Total other comprehensive income for the year 4,966) 3,510
Total comprehensive income for the year 13,881 21,471
Basic earnings per share (p) n 13.85 15.82
Diluted earnings per share (p) " 12.98 14.79

88 Nel fae come, adjusted EBITDA and ather alloraalive performance measures are defined and reconciled in note 4

alphafme.com


===== page 112 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 = 109

Conse fleken otatement of a n
As at 31 March 2024
Asat As at
91 March 2024 91 March 2023
oe -. £000 _— £000
Assets
Non-current assets
Goodwill 12 108,579 103,676
intangible fixed assets 12 25,073 27,588
Property, plant and equipment a7 1.113
Right-of-use assets 2,333 4,008
Deferred tax assets 2.666 3,033
Capitalised contract fulfilment costs 76 108
Total ne ts 436,274 199,526
Current assets - a
Trade and other receivables 42,185 34,128
Cash and cash equivalents 29,392 59,215
Tot — _ TST 93,34

Total current assets

Current liabitities

Trade and ather payables 7 (46,373) (60,539)
Provisions 1B (3,308) (3,326)
Corporation tax (1,526) (1,321)
Lease liabilities 7 (1,413) 4)

fal current liabiliti {52,620) (67,290)
current assets _ _ — ~ 48,987 (26,053.
Non-current liabilities a - ee ~ ee
Deferred tax liabilities 9 2.442) 2.783)
Other non-current liabilities 19 (3.149) (11,400)
fiabitties 7 1147) 2,057)
a 7 — _ (6738) (16,240)
Net assets Oo oo _ 148,493 149,309
Equity
issued share capital a 92 90
Share premium 419,438 119,438
Foreign exchange reserve 5,026, 6,992
Other reserves 18,777 17,258
Retained earnings 5,160 5,561
Total shareholders’ equity —— ~~ _ _ oT 148,493.—«*149,339

The notes on pp 112-144 form part of these consolidated financial statements. These financial statements were approved and
authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 20 June 2024,

They were signed on its beha'f by:

Luc MJ Baqué John C Paton
Chief Execut ve Offeer Chink Fane ial Officer

alphatme.com

2
Fi
B
3
2
=
2
Fa
s
3
2
FS
s



===== page 113 =====
110 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Cosolidated statemert ot cash fows

For the year ended 31 March 2024

Yearended __ Year ended
31 March 2024 31 March 2023
Note £000 £000
Cashflowsfrom operating activities: = _
Profit for the year 15,847 17,981
Taxation 8 6,723 7,810
Finance income 6 (346) (364)
Finance expenses 6 2,854 3,229
Loss/profit) from exchange rate movements on cash held 448 (2,362)
Depreciation charge 714 2,769 1,933
Profit on disposal of fixed assets 44} (14)
Amortisation of intangible fixed assets 12 4,325 4,762
Share-based payment charge 22 6,663 7.023
Increase/(decrease) in provisions 18 8 (19)
Working capital adjustments:
Increase in trade and other receivables (7,679) (3.834)
(Decreasey/increase in trade and other payables (11,170) 7,752
Cash generated from operations —— Oo 20,408 = «43,875
Tax paid (7,633) (13,285)
Net cash generated from operating acti a re 12,775 «30,500
Cash flows from investing activities: ~ ee re
interest received 6 346 364
Acquisition consideration payments, including deferred and contingent, net of cash acquired 13 (16,981) (20,829)
Purchase of intangible assets 12 (311) (319)
Purchase of property, plant and equipment, net of disposals (603) (860)
Netcashusedininvestingactivities = ~~ (17,449) (21,644)
Cash flows from financing activities: TT ~
Net settlement of vested share options 457) (943)
Purchase of own shares by the EBT 3,843) (1.139)
Drawdown of revolving credit facility 6 10,150 12,500
Repayment of revolving credit facility 6 (10,150) (12,600)
Interest and bank loan fees (1,254) (482)
Principal lease liability payments 7 (1,989) (1,318)
Interest on tease liabilities 7 (308) 216)
Dividends paid 10 (16,246) (12,74)
Net cash used in financing activities ~~ ~ "| (24,097) (18,269)
ease in cash and cash equivalents _ (28771) (7,823)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year “os ~ 59,215
Effect of exchange rate movements on cash held (1,082) 3,022
Cashandcash equivalents attheendoftheyear 29,02 89,215

alphafme.com


===== page 114 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024111

Lees sidaten >
For the year ended 31 March 2024

Foreign Total
Issued share Share exchange Other Retained shareholders’
capital premium yeserve: reserves: equity
£'000 £000 ro00, £'000
Asati Apil2022 119,888 "3482 (9.361 132,745
Comprehensive income
Profit for the year - - - - 17,961 17,961
Foreign exchange ferences on anslation _ _ 3510 . . 3510
‘Transactions with owners
Shares issued (equity) 1 - - - ic -
Purchase of own shares by the EBT - - - (1.139) - 4.139)
Share-based payment charge - - - 7,028 - 7,028
Net settlement of vested share options - - - (343) - (843)
Current tax recognised in equity - - - 1.486 - ce 7
Deferred tax recognised in equity - - - 870 - so
Dividends - - - - (12,774) 2774 =| RY
ee oe:
Comprehensive income g
Profit for the year - - - - 15,847 15.847
Foreign exchange difrences on ansltion _ _ (1.986) _ _ (1,988) &
Transactions with owners
Shares issued (equity) 2 - - - @ -
Purchase of own shares by the EST - - - (3,843) - (3,843)
Share-based payment charge - - - 6.663 - 6,663
Net settlement of vested share options - - - (487) - (457)
Gurrent tax recognised in equity - - - 569 - 569
Deferred tax recognised in equity - - - (1,413) - (1,413)
~ - - - (16,246) (16,248)
As at 31 March 2024 ~~ ~~ 92 119,498 5,026 18,777 5,160 148,493

Issued share capital
Issued share capital represents tne nominai value of share capital subscribed.

Share premium

The share premium account is used to record the aggregate value of premiums paid when the Company's shares are issued at a
premium, net of associated share issuance costs.

Foreign exchange reserve

The foreign exchange reserve represents exchange differences that arise on consolidation from the translation of the financial
statements of foreign subsidiaries, including goodwill.

Other reserves

‘The other reserves represent the cumulative fair vaiue of the IFRS 2 sharé-based payment charge recognised each year, associated
current tax, deferred tax and net settlement of vested share options, equity-settled acquisition consideration reserves, and purchases of
the Company's own shares by the employee benefit trust EBT")

Retained earnings
The retained earnings reserve represents cumulative net profits and losses recognised in the consofidated statement of comprehensive
income. ‘ess dividends paid.

alphafme.com


===== page 115 =====
142 9 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

ac qancias stat

1. Summary of significant accounting policies

General information

The principal activity of the Group is the provision of specialist
consulting and related services to clients in the financial services
industry, principally in the UK, North America, Europe and APAC.

Alpha Financiai Markets Consulting pic is incorporated in England
and Wales with registered number 09965297. The Company is a
public limitad company and is listed on the AIM of the London
Stock Exchange. Its registered office is 60 Gresham Street,
London, EC2V 7BB.

The consolidated financial statements were authorised for issue
in accordance with a resolution of the Directors on 20 June 2024.

Basis of preparation

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with UK-adopted international accounting standards.

These financial statements have been prepared under the
historical cost basis, except for certain financial instruments that
are measured at fair value.

The presentational currency of these financial staternents is pound
steriing, All amounts in these financial statements have deen
rounded to the nearest £1,000, except where otherwise stated.

Going concern

In assessing the Group's and the Company's abilities to continue
on a going concern basis for a period of at least 12 months from
the approval of these financial statements {the "going concern
period’), the Directors considered the Group's projected cash
flows, cash fiquidity and existing undrawn borrowing facilities.

As at 31 March 2024, the Group held considerable financial
resources including cash balances of £29.4m. The Group also
has access, throughout the going concern period, to a revolving
credit faclity (“RGF”) of £50.6m, providing further liquidity. See
note 6 for details of the Group's banking facility, and also note 23
for details of the financial risks facing the Group.

The Group prepared cash-flow forecasts covering the going
concern period. The base case assumes trading performance
over the forecast period in line with the Board-approved budget,
reflecting recovery to growth in FY 25 at slightly improved margins,
including future non-operating cash flows related to dividends,
deferred consideration and earn-out payments dus. The Directors
considered the principal risks and mitigants (as set out on pp 7-60}
and analysed a range of cash-flow downside scenarios including
a “reverse-siress test” scenario. This madeis the desline in sales
that the Group would be able to absorb over the going concern
period before utilising all of the existing cash reserves available,
while assuming the maximum Lionpoint and Shoreline acquisition
payments. The Directors consider this scenario and the sequence
of events that could fead to it to be remote, as it raquires annualised
revenue reductions of over 30% compared to the base case,
before modelling any rritigating cost reductions, assuming no
dividends are paid and no further funding of the EBT is provided
in the period. The Group's £50.0m RCF remains fully undrawn in
all going concem scenarios.

While cognisant of the more chalienging market environment
experienced in FY 24, the Directors look forward with confidence
for the Group te retum to historic growth and profitability levels achieved.

After careful consideration of the scenarios, the Directors have a
reasonable expectation that the existing resources of the Group
and the Company are adequate to meet their requirements over
the going concern period. On this basis, the Directors consider
that it is appropriate to adopt the going concern basis in preparing
the financial statements

alphafme.com

Additionally, the Soard has considered the going concern
assessment in light of the secommended cash offer for the
acquisition of 100% of the Company's issued share capital by
Actium Bidco (UK) Limited ("Bideo”), an indirect subsidiary of certain
funds managed by Bridgepoint Advisers Limited ("Bridgepoint”)

{the “Acquisition”, which is subject 1o shareholder approval.

Whilst the current Board is not expected to continue in its current
form following completion of the Acquisition, the Directors have
considered the strategic plans and intention staternents of

Bideo around the operation of the Group, potential initiatives

to accelerate growth and scale existing Group businesses,
outlined in the recommended cash offer announcement dated

20 June 2024 made pursuant to Rule 2.7 of the Takeover Code.
ILis also currently expected that the Company will remain in
existence as an intermediate holding company under the potential
new Acquisition structure during the going concern period.

Considering these factors and information available to the Board
at this stage, alongside the Board's current understanding of the
potential Acquisition structure, the Board is not aware of any
reason to change its going concer assessment.

Basis of consolidation

These financial statements consolidate the financial statements of
the Company and its subsidiary undertakings (the "Group") as at
31 March 2024.

Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date of acquisition,
being the date on which the Group obtains control, and continue
to be consolidated untit the date that such control ceases. The
financial statements of subsidiaries are prepared for the same
reporting period as the parent company, using consistent
accounting policies

All intra-Group balances, income and expenses and unrealised
gains and tosses resulting from intra-Group transactions are
eliminated in full.

Principal accounting policies

The principal accounting policies adopted in the preparation of
these consolidated financial statements are set out below:

Significant judgements and estimates

The preparation of financial information in accordance with
IFRS requires management to make judgements, estimates and
assumptions that affect the application of accaunting policies
and reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses.

In the process of applying the Group's accounting policies, the
Directors have made two judgements (excluding those invalving
gstimations), which are considered to have a significant effect on
the financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2024.

To assist in understanding the underlying performance of the
Group, management presents various alternative performance
measures {"APMs"), whicn exclude certain adjusting items. APMs
aré provided to allow stakeholders a further understanding of the
underlying trading performance of the Group and to aid comparability
between accounting periods. Management applies judgement to
identify those adjusting items that warrant exclusion from the
Group's adjusted measures to allow stakeholders a further
understanding of the underlying performance of the business.
These adjusting items have been applied consistently across reporting
periods. A reconciliation to IFRS measures, and explanation of
each adjusting item excluded, is provided in note 4.


===== page 116 =====
Ail adjusting items are considered individually for exclusion by
virtue of their nature or size. In the year ended 31 March 2024,
these iterns totalled £14.3m (FY 23: £15.8m) recognised in
administration expenses. A further £1.6m (FY 23: £2.4m) of
non-underiying costs were recognised within finance expenses.

Revenue is the Group's mest significant caption in the consolidated
statement of comprehensive income. Whilst the majority of the
Group's revenue is contracted on a time and materials basis, the
Group also nas some fixed-price milestone contracts, The recognition
of revenue on such contracts involves consideration of the detailed
contractual terms against the requirements of IFRS 15. The key
judgements include assessment of whether revenue should be
recognised over time or at a point in time, and whether the performance
obligations under the contract have been met at the balance
sheet date, to best reflect the transfer of services through the

life of each contract

Further information regarding the methods used to recognise
revenue for both time and materials and milestone contracts
is provided in the Group's accounting policy, as detailed on p, 117.

A number of estimates have been made in the preperation of the
financial statements. The underlying assumptions in the Group's
estimates are based on historical experience and various other
factors that are deemed to be reasonable under the circumstances.
These assumptions form the basis of calculating estimates of the
carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not apparent from
other sources. Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed
‘on an angaing basis. Changes to estimates are recognised in the
year in which the estimate is revised and any future years
affected, Actual results can differ from these estimates.

The Directors have not identified any key estimates that are
considered to have a significant risk of a material adjustment
within the next financial year. However, the Directors have
identified one other area of estimation uncertainty.

Management has estimated the share-based payment expense
under IFRS 2. in determining the share-based payment expense
and tho associated social security tax thereon, management has
considered several internal and external factors to judge the probability
that management and employee share incentives may vest and to
assess the fair value of share options at the date of grant. Such
assumptions invoive estimating future performance, share price
and other factors. The fair value calculations have been assessed
oy a third-party exoert for reasonableness in the current and prior
periods, Refer to note 22 for sensitivity analysis.

Property stunt and ecuipment

All property, plant and equioment are stated at historical cost (or
deemed historical cost) less accumulated depreciation. Cost
includes the original purchase price of the asset and the costs
attributable to bringing the asset to its working condition for its
intended use

Depreciation is applied on all property, plant and equipment at
rates calculated ta write each asset down to its estimated residual
value on a straight-line basis at the following annual rates:

Tans

Useful economic life
3-10 years

3-4 years

Byears

Fixtures and fittings

Computer equipment

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 = 113

Useful economic lives and estimated residual values are reviewed
annually and adjusted as appropriate.

Busmess comomatons. goodwill ancl cor sideration

Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition
method as at the acquisition date, which is the date on which
contral is transferred to the Group. Identifiable assets acquired
and liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured
at their fair values at the acquisition date.

Goodwill arises when the fair value of the consideration for a business
exceeds the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired.

in determining the fair value of intangible assets arising on a
business combination, management assesses the timing and
amount of future cash flows applicable to the intangible assets
being acquired, discounted using an appropriate discount rate.
‘The estimated cash flows are based on current budgets and
forecasts, extrapolated for an appropriate period, considering
growth rates and expected changes to selling prices and operating
costs. Management estimates an appropriate discount rate using
post-tax rates that reflect current market assessments of the tme
value of money and the risks specific to the business being
acquired (see note 12)

Inline with IAS 21 para 47, goodwill arising on the acquisition of &
foreign operation is held in local currency and is retranslated into
the Group's presentational currency at each reporting date using
the closing foreign exchange rate.

Goodwill is initially recognised and measured as set out above.
Goodwill is not amortised but is reviewed for impairment at least,
annually as described below.

Goodwil is tested for impairment annually or, mare ‘requently,
when there is an indication of impairment. For the purpose of
impairment testing, goodiwil is allocated to each of the Group's
cash-generating units {"CGUs") or groups of cash-generating
units expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.
The CGUs have been grouped in line with the Group's operating
segments as this is the level at which goodwill is monitored by
management. Therefore, the groups of CGUs considered for
impairment testing are UK, North America and Europe & APAC.

The Group performs impairment reviews at the reporting period
end to identity any goodwill assets that have a carrying value that
is in excess of its recoverable amount, Determining the recoverability
of goodwill requires judgement in both the methodology apolied
and the key assumptions within that methodology, Ifit is determined
that an impairment is required, the carrying value of the goodwill
ig reduced to its recoverable amount with the difference recorded
as an impairment charge in the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income. Any impairment loss recognised for
goodwill is not reversed.

In accordance with IAS 36, the Group has tested goodwill for
impairment at the balance sheet date. No goodwill impairment
was deemed necessary at 31 March 2024.

alphafme.com

2
z
Fy
8
H
3
7
g
g
3
g
A



===== page 117 =====
114 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

spaselidated far ss

1. Summary of significant accounting policies
continued

Deferred and contingent consideration may arise on acquisitions.
Deferred consideration arises when settiement of all or part of the
cost of business combination falls due after the acquisition was
completed, Contingent consideration arises where consideration
is dependent on the future performance of the acquired company.

Deferred and contingent consideration associated with business
combinations that is to be settled in cash is assessed in line with
agreed contractual terms. Consideration payable is discounted
for the time value of money and recognised as capital investment
cost at fair value whan the deferred or contingent consideration is.
not emplayment-linked. Altematively, where amounts payable are
contingent upon future employment, these amounts are recognised
as a remuneration exsense over the deferral or contingent
performance period.

In circumstances where there is an option te settle in the form

of cash or a variable number of shares, the Group recognises a
financial liability for the fair value of the discounted consideration.
Where consideration is settled in a fixed number of shares, the
consideration is classified as equity, it is not remeasured, and
settlement is accounted for within equity.

Subsequent to the acquisition date, amounts relating to
deferred consideration are measured at amortised cost.

Contingent consideration amounts are recognised at fair value
through the consolidated staternent of comprehensive income.

At each balance sheet date, the ‘air value of contingent
consideration is measured using level 3 inputs in accordance with
the fair value hierarchy and as such these catculations contain
estimation uncertainty, as they relate to future performance.

The key inputs associated with the valuation of these liabilities
include the potential future cash flows of each acquired business,
the likelihood of an earn-out payment being made and estimating
an appropriate discount rate to apply to these future cash flows.
Changes to these assumptions that support the fair value are
recognised within administration expenses as an adjusting item.
Fer further detail see notes 13 and note 23.

Changes in the carrying value of deferred and contingent
consideration liabilities associated with the passage of time
are recognised as a finance cost.

Consideration payments, including all deferred and contingent
consideration paid in the year, are reported within investing
activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows, except

for employment-linked payments, which are reported within
operating activities,

Other intangible assets

Intangible assets acquired in @ business combination are initialy
recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is
regarded as their cost), After initial recognition, intangible assets
acquired in a business combination are reported at cost less
accumulated amortisation and any impairment losses.

alphafme.com

Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are
identified and recognised separately from goodwill where they
satisty the definition of an intangible asset under IAS 38, Such
assats are only recognised If either

— they are capaiole of being separated or divided from the Group
and sold, transferred, ticensed, rented or exchanged, either
individually or tagether with a related contract, identifiable
asset or liability, regardiess of whether the Group intends to
do so; or

— they arise from contractual or other legal rights, regardless of
whether those rights are transferable or separable from the
entity or from other rights and obligations.

The cost of such intangible assets is their fair value at the acquisition
date. All intangible assets acquired through business combination
arg amortised over their estimated useful lives. The significant
intangibles recognised by the Group, their useful economic lives
and the methods used to determine the cost of the intangibles.
acquired in business combinations are as follows. These useful
lives are re-assessed at each reporting date:

Intangible asset Useful tife tion method
Customer ‘tp years Multhperiod excess
relationships y earnings method
Intellectual .

property 7 years Relief from royalty method
Trade name 4-15 years Relief from royalty method
Order backlog 1-2 years Mutti-period excess

earnings method

Capitalised development costs represent the costs incurred in the
development of internally generated software, primarily within the
Aiviq ousiness.

A useful economic life of three years has been deemed
appropriate based on the expected project lifecycle in
development of new softwars. The amortisation charge is
recognised in acministration expenses within the consolidated
statement of comprehensive income.

Foreign excrange

Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the relevant
entity's functional currency at the average foreign exchange rate
in the month of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities
denominated in foreign currencies at the balance sheot date are
retranslated to the functional currency at the foreign exchange
rate ruling at that date. Nen-monetary assets and liabilities that
are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are
translated using the average exchange rate in the month of the
transaction and are not retranslated, Foreign exchange differences,
arising on translation to functional currency are recognised in
administration expenses.

The revenues and expenses of foreign operations are translated
to the Group’s functional currency at the average foreign exchange
rate in the month of the date of the transactions. The assets and
liabilities of foreign operations, including goodwill anc fair value
adjustments arising on consolidation, are translated to tha Group's
presentational currency, pound sterling, at foreign exchange rates
ruling at the balance sheet date, Foreign exchange differences
arising on retranslation of assets and liabilities relating to foreign
operations are recognised in other comprehensive income. Exchange
differences on translation of foreign operations may be reclassified
subsequently to profit ar foss whan specific conditions are met.


===== page 118 =====
Snancialmse uinents
The Group uses financial instruments comprising cash and cash
equivalents, borrowings, and other short-term instruments, such
as trade payables that arise from its operations. The main purpose
of these financial instruments is to fund the Group's business
strategy ang working capital requirements.

Accounting policies in respect of financial instruments are
outiined below.

Financial assets are initially measured at fair value plus or minus.
in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or
joss, transaction costs, The Group has not reciassified any financial
assets subsequent to initial recognition as at the balance sheet
date. Reclassification of classes of financial assets is accounted
for prospectively in accordance with IFRS 9, where this is required.
Any difference on reclassification from amortised cost to fair value
through profit or loss is recognised in the statement of comprehensive
income at the reclassification date.

The Group recognises an expected credit loss provision in relation
to financial assets. The simpiified method is applied to the
Group's trade receivables as described below. The Group's
expected credit loss provision on all other financial assets is
immaterial as the probability of default is low. Movements in the
expected credit loss provision are recognised in profit or loss.
Refer to note 15 for further details.

Refer to note 23 for the disclosure of financial assets measured
at amortised cost.

Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at fair value,
equal to the transaction price, and subsequently measured at
amortised cost lass provision for impairment, The trade receivables
balances recorded in the Group's statement of financial position
are held untif realised in cash.

‘The Group provides services to customers on credit terms with
mainly arrears billing, Certain receivables may not be paid, The
Group applies the IF&S 9 simplified approach to measuring
expected crecit losses, which uses a lifetime expected loss
allowance tor ail trade receivables. To measure expected crecit
losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on shared
credit characteristics and the days past due. The Group considers
historicat loss rates for each ageing category as a starting point
for estimating the expected crecit loss. This historical loss rate is
subsequently adjusted for macro-economic and customer-specfic
factors of receivables within each ageing category. Characteristics
considered by the Group for these purposes inciude: historical
collection experience for each customer, the assessed liquidity of
key customers within the receivables balance; and other relevant
macro-economic factors in order to determine a reasonable and
supportable assessment of the expected lifetime credit risk in the
context of the overall year-end trade raceivabies due

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances that are
recorded and subsequently measured at amortised cost in ine
with IFRS 8, Bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand and
are included as a component of cash and cash equivalents for

the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows.

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 115

‘The Group may use derivative financial instruments to manage its
exposure to foreign exchange and other risks, The Group does
not use derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes.
Derivatives are recorded at their fair value in the consolidated
statement of financial position, Gains and losses on these
instruments are recognised immediately in the consolidated
statement of comprehensive income. A derivative with a positive
‘air value is recognised as a financial asset whereas a derivative
with @ negative fair value is recognised as a financial liability

The Group has not formally designated any derivative financial
instruments to qualify for hedge accounting. See note 23 for
further details.

Trade and other payables are initially recognised at tair value,
‘equal to the transaction price, and are subsequently measured at
amortised cost, Trade payabies due within one year are not d'scounted.

Refer to note 23 for the disclosure of financial abilities measured
at amortised cost and fair value.

Provisions are distinct from other liabilities as there is uncertainty
‘over the timing or amount of the cash outflow required te settle
the liability, Provisions are measured at the present value of the
expenditure expected to be required to settie the obligation. The
Group apples a “most likely outcome” approach in valuing these
obligations, as this is most appropriate for the type of provisions
which the Group holds. These are discounted to present value
using an appropriate pre-tax discount rate, where the time value
of money is material. Refer to note 16 for detail of classes of
provisions and further detail on material assumptions.

All loans and borrowings are initially recognised at fair vatue, equal
to the value of amounts received. Borrowings are subsequently
stated at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds
and the redemption value is recognised in the statement of
comprehensive income over the period of the borrowings using
the effective interest method,

Imparment of nan-f rancial assets:

‘The carrying amounts of the entity's non-financial assets. other
than deterred tax assets, are reviewad at each reporting date to
determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any
such indication exists, then the asset's recoverable amount is
estimated. The recoverable amount of an asset or OGU is the
greater of its value in use and its fair value, less costs to sell,

in assessing valus in use, the estimated future cash flows are
discounted to their present value using @ pre-tax discount rate that
reflects current market assessments of the time value of money
and the risks specific to the asset.

For the purposes of impairment testing, assets that cannot be
tested individually are grouped together into the smallest group of
assets that generates independent cash inflows (the CGU); that is,
cash infiows from continuing use that are largely independent of
the cash inflows of other assets or groups of assets.

alphafme.com

Zz
3
5
3
o
2
2
g
s
3
&
z
#



===== page 119 =====
116 = Annual Report & Accounts 2024

dated finan: =

Notes ©

1. Summary of significant accounting policies
continued

An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an
asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable amount.
Impairment losses are recognised in the statement of comprehensive
income. impairment losses recognised in respect of CGUs are
allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill
allocated to the units and then to reduce the carrying amounts

of other assats in the CGU (or group of CGUs} on a pro-rata basis.

An impairment loss relating to non-financial assets, excluding
goodwill, is reversed if and only if, the reasons for the impairment
have ceased to apply.

Impairment losses recognised in prior years are assessed at each
reporting date for any indication that the joss has decreased or no
longer exists. An impairment toss is only reversed to the extent
that the asset's carrying amount does not exceed the carrying
amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation

‘or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

Right-of-use assets are accounted for in line with tne "Leases"
section below.

Current and deforred tax

Current and deferred tax is recognised in the consolidated
statement of comprehensive income, except in relation to
share-based payments where the amount of the tax deduction
exceeds the amount of the related cumulative share-based
payment charge, in which case tis recognised in equity.

Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the
taxable income fer the year, using tax rales enacted or substantively
enacted at the balance sheet date, and any adjustment to tax
payable in respect of previous periods.

Deterred tax is provided using the balance sheet lability approach,
providing for temporary differences between the carrying amounts
of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purooses and the
amounts used for taxation purposes. The amount of deferred tax
provided is based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement
of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities, using tax rates
enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each
balance sheet date and reduces to the extent that it is no lenger
probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all
of part of the asset to be recovered. Deterred tax assets and
liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set
off current tax assets against current tax liabilities, and when they
relate to taxes levied by the sams taxation authority and the Group
intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a nat basis.

Leases

The Group leases office premises in various jurisdictions, Leases
are negotiated on an individual basis, and for a variety of terms
over which rentals are fixed. Leases may contain a oreak clause
or options to extend for a further period at the then prevailing
market rate. Rental agreements to which IFRS 16 has been
applied span anywhere between 12 months and 10 years.
Contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components.
Non-lease components are separately identifiable and are
exciuded from the recognition of the lease under IFRS 16.

alphafme.com

The lease agreements de not impose any covenants other
than the seourity interests in the leased assets that are held
by the lassor. Leased assets may not be used as security for
borrowing purposes.

On initial recognition of a new lease, the lease liability is recognised
as the present value of future payments, discounted using the
incremental borrowing rato (“BR”), unless the interest rate implicit
to the lease is available for use.

Lease payments to be made subsequent to cational termination
options have been included within the lease liability measurement,
where it is reasonably certain that such options will be exercised.

Lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit

in the lease. if that rate cannot be easily determined, the IBR is
applied, being the rate that the individuai lessee would have to.
pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar
value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment
with similar terms, security and conditions. In determining the
IBR, the Group has made adjustments for relevant factars such
as lease term, lease value, country and asset-specitic considerations.

‘The Group accounts for lease payments by allocating them to 2
finance cost element and against the lease fiability, The finance
cost is charged to the statement of comprehensive income over
the lease period.

When the Group revises its estimate of the term of any lease

(for example, if a significant change in circumstances within the
Group's control indicates a reassessment is appropriate), the
Group adjusts the carrying amount of the lease liability to reflect
ihe payments to make over the revised term, which are discounted
using a revised discount rate. In such cases, an equivalent adjustrnent
is made to the carrying value of the right-of-use asset, with the
revised carrying amount being amortised over the remaining
(revised) lease term. If he carrying amount of the right-of-use
asset is adiusted to zero, any further reduction is recognised in
the statement of comprehensive income.

The Group has no material exposure to variable lease payments
that qualify for accounting treatment under IFRS 16.

‘The right-ol-use asset for lease agreements entered into after
transition date is measured on initia! recagnilion as the amount

equal to the lease lability, less any lease incentives, plus any initial
direct costs. Right-of-use assets are depreciated over the shorter
of the asset's useful life and the lease tarm on a straightiine basis.

The Group has used the practical expedients permitted by IFRS 16
in relation to accounting for ieases with a lease term of less than
42 months as “short-term leases”, and those with a low value as
“low-value leases”. Consequently, no lease fiability or right-of-use
asset is calculated thereon. These leases are expensed in the
statement of comprehensive income. The Group also applies the
practical expedient to combine leases with similar characteristics
to a portfolio of leases for the purpose of applying the
requirements of IFRS 16.

See note 7 for further deta's on the Group’s leasing arrangements.


===== page 120 =====
Revenue Mecugnitian

Revenue consists of the value of work executed for clients during
the year and expenses recharged, exclusive of VAT. Revenue is
classified inte net fee income and recharged expenses. Net fee
income represents the Group's personnel, subcontractor and
related expertise and services sold to clients. Flecharged expenses
is the recharge of costs incidental to fulfilling contracts including
flights, subsistence and accommodation on which nil or negligiole
margin is earned by the Group

The Group delivers services that have no alternative use to Alpha
advice to clients, reports, etc} as the services are specifically
tailored to clients’ projects and scape of work, The significant
majority of the Group's revenue is contracted on a time and
materials basis, where the performance obligation is to provide
consultancy resources at agreed day rates. For such contracts,
revenue is recognised over time, as consultant days worked
are delivered. Modifications ar axtensions to such projects are
recognised as services are delivered. Significant extensions,
where the scope or price of the contract increases, are treated
as separate contracts. Contracts accounted for on a time and
materials basis are billed incrementally, typically monthly, for
incurred time and materials.

Revenue recognitian for fixed-fee projects is based on the
satisfaction of performance obligations in line with contractual
project milestones, depending on the nature of the performance
Gbligations for the project. Material scope changes are managed
via a new agreement with the client. Fixed-fee projects are typically
biled in accordance with the nature of the performance obligations
when a right to payment crystaliises.

For most fixed-fee milestone projects, revenue is recognised at
point in time upon delivery of each performance obligation and
these projects are typically billed as contractual milestones are
delivered and the right to payment exists. Contractual milestones
are only treated as separate performance obligations by the
Group when they are distinct from the other elements in the
contract and could provide a benefit to the customer without
further work being completed. In limited circumstances, revenue
from fixed fee milestone projects 1s recognised over time where
the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance
completed to date, before the contractual milestone has been
tully delivered

Revenue relating to right-to-access software licensing fees is
recognised over time, as the benefits of the software are consumed
by the customer over the licence period. Associated implementation
and other services are recognised in line with the underlying
performance obligation, either over the contractual licence period
where the associated service 1s not distinct from the licence, or in
line with the work pertormed where the service provided is deemed
distinct from the underlying licence. This assesament is made at a
contractual level based on the level of interdependency between
the promises in each related contract.

Revenue is whoily attriputable to the principal activities of the
Group. For all revenue types, payment is typically due between
30 and 60 days after the invoice date or receipt of invoice,
depending on the client and geography.

Annual Report & Accounts 2024-117

Activity performance recognised as revenue in excess of invoices,
raised are contract receivables and are inciuded within accrued
income, up to the value of the relevant project delivery milestone,
where applicable. On invoicing, the contract receivatie is reclassified
to trade receivables,

Where amounts have been invoiced in excess of work performed
and revenue recognised, the excess is a contract liability and is
included within deferred income, valued in line with the nature of
the project and related performance obligations as described
above and recognised in future periods.

Cost of sales

Cost of sales is defined by management as the direct costs
associated with the generation of the Group's revenue, including
staff payroll and contractor costs that are directly attributable to
the delivery of services and supporting growth,

Rechargeable expenses, including travel and subsistence cirectly
recharged to the Group’s clients as part of revenue generation,
are presented within the “rechargeable expenses” ine within the
Group's statement of comprehensive income.

Costs directly attributable to the fulilment of unsatistied or partially
unsatisfied performance obligations on customer contracts are
recognised as an asset where these costs generate or enhance
resources of the Group and the costs are expected to be recovered.
These costs principally relate to partially comoleted milestones
on fixed-fee contracts and non-cistinct software implementation
costs incurred in advance of the commencement of the client's
licence periad on Aiviq contracts. These costs are recognised in
the consolidated income statement at the point of revenue recognition
for fixed-foe milestone projects, or are amortised to the consolidated
income statement over the licence period for non-distinet
software implementation costs.

Admunstration exoerses

Adrrinistration expenses are defined by management as costs
incurred by the Group that are not directly associated with the
generation of revenue, This includes items such as head office
staff costs, recruitment and professional fees and IT services,
which are expensed as incurred, Administration expenses exclude
finance income and expenses and taxation, which are presented
separately in the income staternent.

Segmental reperiing
An operating segment is a component of the Group:

(i) that engages in business activities from which it may earn
revenues and incur expenses (including revenues and
expenses relating to transactions with other components
of the same Group);

(i

whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the Board
of Directors in order to make decisions about resources to be
allocated to that component and assess its performance: and

(i) for which discrete financial information is available.

Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the
interna’ reporting provided to the chief operating decision maker,
as required by IFRS 8 Operating Segments. The chief operating
decision maker is respansibie for allocating resources and
assessing performance of the operating segments and has

been identified as the Board of Directors.

alphatmc.com

2
5
FY
3
om
=
2
Ey
i
z
3



===== page 121 =====
118 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Peates Co the coneeuie vert F

1. Summary of significant accounting poticies
continued

The accounting policies of the reportable segments are consistent
with the accounting policies of the Group as a whole. Segment
profit represents the gross profit earned by each segment without
allocation of administration expenses, interest payable and tax
This is the measure of profit that is reperted te the Board of Directors
for the purpose of resource allocation and the assessment of
segment performance.

The Board regularly reviews consolidated operating results to
make decisions about the financial and organisational resources
of the Group and to assess overall performance.

Employes benefits

A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan
under which the Group pays fixed contributions into a separate
entity and will have a fega! or constructive obligation to pay further
amounts. Contributions to defined contribution schemes are charged
ta the statement of comprehensive income as they become
payable in accordance with the rules of the scheme. Differences
between contributions payable in the yaar and contributions paid
are shown as either accruals or prepayments in the consolidated
statement of financial position

The cost of share-based employee compensation arrangsments,
whereby employees receive remuneration in the form of shares or
share ootions, is recognised as an employee benefit expanse in
the consolidated statement of comprehensive income

The total expense to be apportioned over the vasting period of
the benefit is determined by reference to the fair value (excluding
the effect of non-market-based vesting conditions) at the date
of grant.

in determining the fair value of share-based payments under IFRS.
2, management has considered a number of internal and external
factors in order to judge the grobability that management and
employee share incentives may vest. Such judgements involve
estimating future performance and other non-rarket-based factors.

At the end of each reporting period the assumptions underlying
the number of awards expected to vest are adjusted for the effects
of nen-markel-based vesting conditions to reflect the conditions
prevailing at that date. The impact of any revisions to the original
estimates is recognised in the staternant of comprenensive
income, with a corresponding adjustment to equity. Fair value is
measured by the use ofa binomial model. The assumptions have
been adjusted, based on management's best estimate, for the
effects of non-transterabilty, lack of dividend until vesting and
exercise restrictions.

The fair value calculations in both the current and prior years.
have been externally assessed and deemed reasonable in
the circumstances.

After vesting, the Group satisfies share option exercises either
through the issuance of new ordinary shares, or through the
transier of existing shares held in the Company's EBT to the
employee, Any share options not exercised upon vesting remain
outstanding until the end of the contracted exercise period.

An associated employers’ social security tax lability on these
share options is accrued through the vesting period to align with
the payment due upon exercise. The value of this liability at the
balance shest date is assessed by reference to the estimated
future share price on exercise, where applicable.

alphatme.com

nancial states ss

‘The Group operates a profit share bonus anc cther bonus
schemes that aim to pay employees a percentage of an individual's
salary, subject to country cr regional-level corporate performance
in the period. The profit share is accrued at each reporting cate,
based on management's best estimates of the staff bonuses to
be paid considering the cverall financial performance and is
recognised as an employee cenefit expense in the consolidated
statement of comprehensive income. The profit share and bonus
accrual is not considered to be 4 significant estimate due to the
proximity and certainty of the payment at the reporting date.

Short-term employee benefits, including holiday pay and medical
care, are accrued as services ara rendered.

Earvings per share

The Group presents basic and diluted earnings per share (‘EPS"),
on both a statutory and adjusted basis. Basic EPS is calculated
by dividing the profit or lass for the year attributable to ordinary
shareholciers by the weighted average number of ordinary shares
outstanding during the year.

The Group applies the “treasury share method” in calculating the
weighted average number of dilutive ordinary shares used in the
caiculation of diluted EPS, under which only the bonus element of
potentiaily dilutive shares is reflected in the denominator. Bonus.
shares represent the number of shares that could be issued to
satisfy share option awards granted to employees under the Group's
management incentive plan (“MIP"| and employes incentive plan
(°EIP”), net of shares covered by the assumed proceeds to be
received for these awards in the future. For further detail on these
plans, please see note 22.

Those share options are only included in the calculation of dilutive
shares where the performance conditions, excluding employment
conditions, are deemed to be satisfied at the balanca sheet date.
‘The inclusion: of such potentially cilutive shares is weighted based
on the period in which the share options were cutstanding in the
year. Potentially dilutive shares are only treated as dilutive when
their conversion to ordinary shares would decrease EPS for
increase loss per share).

For the purpose of calculating adjusted EPS the same adjustments
as set out in note 4 are made to the Group’s profit for the
financial year.

Alternative performance measures

in order to provide further information on the underlying performance
of the Group, the Group uses alternative performance measures
((APMs"), The measures are not defined under IFRS and they may
rot be directly comparable with other companies’ adjusted measures.
‘These non-GAAP measures are not intended to be a substitute
for, or superior to, any IFRS measures of performanee, but have
been included as the Directors consider them to be helpful
measures used within the business for assessing the underlying
performance of the Group across periods. The disclosure of
these measures within the financial statements Is designed to
provide the user with additional relevant information, and to
supplement those measures disclosed under IFRS. The Group
gertorms a reconciliation for each APM, which includes disclosure
of the most directly reconcilable line item, subtotal or total presented
under IFRS within the financial statements. For further details
please refer to note 4.

Dwiderds

Dividends proposed by the Board are recognised in the financial
statements when they have been approved by shareholders at
the AGM. Interim dividends are recognised when they are paid.


===== page 122 =====
Audit exemptions for UK subsidiaries
Certain Uk-registered subsidiaries have taken advantage of the
parent company guarantee exemption to prepare unaudited
accounts in accordance with 34794 of the Companies Act 2006.
The name and registered number of each subsidiary taking
advantage of the audit exemption are shown below:

Registered
Company number
Aivig Limited oO 41480862
Axxsys Limited 04987647
Obsidian Solutions Limited 09737564
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting MENA Limited __ 14638009

‘ful list of subsidiary undertakings is disclosed in note 2 of the
Company financial statements on pp 149-150.

New accounting standards and interpretations
The following changes in accounting policies were applied by the
Group in these consolidated financial statements for the year
ended 31 March 2024, These included the adoption of new
standards and interpretations described below.

The International Accounting Standards Board ("ASB") and
IFRS interpretations Committee (“IFRIC") nave issued the folowing
standards, amendments and interpretations, which are now effective:

IFRS 17 insurance Contracts, effective from 1 January 2023.
— Amendments to IFRS 17, effective from 1 January 2023.

Disctosure of Accounting Policies (Amendments to IAS 1 and
IFRS Practice Statement 2}, effective from 1 January 2028.

-~ Definition of Accounting Estimates (Amendments to IAS 8),
effective from | January 2023.

- Deferred Tax related to Assets and | iabilities arising trom a
Single Transaction (Amendments to IAS 12), effective fram
1 January 2023,

International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules
(Amendments to IAS 12} — Application of the exception
and disclosure of that fact, effective from 23 May 2023.

— International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Made| Rules
(Amendments te IAS 12} - other disclosure requirements,
affective from 1 January 2023.

international Tax Reform - Pillar Two Model Rules
(Amendments to the ‘IFRS for SMEs’ Standard), effective
from 28 September 2023 (not yet endorsed by the UK).

The Directors reviewed the nature and effect of these new
standarcs on the Group and noted no material impact on
the financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2024,

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 119

The following other standards, interpretations and amendments to
existing standards have been issued but were not mandatory for
accounting periods baginning on + April 2023 and are not
expected to have a material impact on the Group:

~ IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosures in financial statements,
elective trom 1 January 2027 inot yet endorsed by the UK).

- Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-Current
(Amendments to IAS 1), effective from 1 January 2024.

— Lease Liability in a Sele and Leaseback (Amendments to.
IFRS 16), effective from 1 January 2024,

— Non-current Liabilties with Covenants (Amandments to iAS 7),
effective from 1 January 2024.

-- Supplier Finance Arrangements (Amendments to AS 7 and
IFRS 7), effective from 1 January 2024.

IFRS 19 Subsidiaries without Pubiic Accountability, effective
from 1 January 2027 (not yet endorsed by the UK}.

~ Lack of Exchangeabllty (Amendments to IAS 21}, effective
from 1 January 2025 (not yet endorsed by the Ui}.

alphafme.com

z
5
Fy
3
2
Es
g
g
g
3
3
2
®



===== page 123 =====
120 Annuat Report & Accounts 2024

Motes cc the Cun dated faanciat starervent

2. Segmental information

Group management has determined the operating segments by considering the segment information that is reported internally to

the chief operating decision maker, the Board of Directors. For management purposes, the Group is currently organised into three
geographical operating divisions; UK, North America and Europe & APAC, whict allows the Board to evaluate the nature and financial
effects of the business activities of the Group and the economic environments in which it operates.

The Group's operations all consist of one type: specialist consultancy and related services to the financial services industry. Revenues
associated wilh software licensing arrangements were not significant in both the current and prior years. Therefore, the Directors
consider that disaggregating revenue by operating segments is most relevant to depict how the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty
of revenue and cash flows may be affected by economic factors.

North Europe &
UK America® ‘APAG®
FY 24 - 00000 __ £7000
Revenue 91,547 91,359 52,565 235,471
Rechargeable expenses (353) (813) (680) 1,846)
Net fee income 91,194 90,546 51,885 233,625
Cost of sal (68,190) (62,219) (34,919) (155,328)
Gross profit 33,004 28,327 16,966 78,297
Margin on net fee income®” (%) 36.2% 31.3% 32.7% 33.5%
Non-current assets 65,175 44,632 26,467 136,274
North Europe &
UK America® APAG™ Total
FY 23 £000 £'000 £000 £000
Revenue 87,467 91,815 49,435 228,717
Rechargeable expenses (327) (717) 618) 1,562)
Net fee income 87,140 91,098 48,917 227,155
Cost of sales (62,117) (61,104) (83,575) (146,796)
Gross profit 35,023 29,994 15,342 80,359
Margin on net fee income” (%) 40.2%

Non-current assets 69,445 «46,72

During the year, the Group did not have any customers that comprised more than 10% of the Group's revenues (FY 23: nif

3. Operating profit

FY 24 FY 23
cue ie 7 ce cute ven te won . a Note £'000, £000
Operating profit for the year is stated after chargin:

Amortisation of intangible assets 12 4,325 4,762
Depreciation charge TA4 2,769 1,933
Foreign exchange losses 331 459
Short-term lease expense 7 723 1,096
Impairment provision recognised on trade receivables 15 28 109
Defined contribution pension scheme costs 5 4,519 2,791
Share-based payment charge 22 7,337 7,950
Earn-out and deferred consideration® 13 4422 2,525
Acquisition and integration costs 292 331
Restructuring costs 945 -

Auditor's remuneration:
Audit fees - parent company 155 123
Audit fees - subsidiary companies 465 370
Other assurance services - -

All Group auditor remuneration relates to audit fees. There were no additional advisory services provided by the auditor to the Group in
voth the current and prior years.

37 Margin on net tee neome is gross praft expressed as @ pe-cemtage of net fee income. Please «eter to note a for (uriner dota on the Group's APM

38 Within North Amerca, the Untad States generated revenue of £78.01 {FY 23° £77.4m) and Canada generated rovonus of €13.4in (FY 23, £14.79,

89 Within Europe & APAC, Franca is a material country and generated revenue of £20.4m (FY 25° £18.71]

49 The eara-out and deterred consideration exm6789 in the year compnses an employment-Inkea consideration charge of 1.1m and an associstad social security charge of £0.Im, oftset by
afar value acystment at 20 Wen. See note 13 for ‘urther detals.

aiphatme.com


===== page 124 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 121

A, Reconciliations to alternative performance measures

Alpha uses aiternative performance measures (’APMs"} that are not defined under the requirements of IFRS. The APMs, including net
fee income, margin on net fee income, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted pratit betore tax, adjusted EPS, adjusted cash generated from
operations, adjusted cash conversion, organic net fee income growth and constant currency growth, are provided te allow stakeholders
a further understanding of the underlying trading performance of the Group and aid comparability between accounting periods. These
Measures have been presented consistently across reporting periods. They are not considered a substitute for, or superior to, IFRS
measures, and may not be comparable across other companies. The exclusion of adjusting items in the Group's APMs may result in
adjusted profitability being materially higher when compared with the nearest equivalent statutory measures.

Net fee income

The Group disaggregates revenue into net fee income and expenses recharged to clients, Net fee income provides insight into the
Group's productive output and is used oy the Board to set budgets and measure performance. This APM is reconcilad to ravenue on
the face of the consolidated statement of comprehensive income and by segment in note 2.

Profit margins

Margin on net fee income and adjusted EBITDA margin are caiculated using gross profit and adjusted EBITDA, expressed as a
percentage of net fee income. These represent the margin that the Group earns on its productive output, excluding nil or negligible

margin expense recharge to clients over which the Group has limited control, and allows comparability of business output between 2
periods. Such adjusted margins are used by senior management and the Board to assess the performance of the Group. 5
Reconciliation of adjusted profit before tax, adjusted operating profit and adjusted EBITDA =
FY 24 FY 23 2
So - a Note s
Profit before tax 25,771 Z
Amortisation of acquired intangible assets 12 4,576 2
Profit on disposal of fixed assets 14)
Share-based payment charge 22 7,960
Earn-out and deferred consideration" 13 2.525
Acquisition and integration costs agt
Restructuring costs -
Foreign exchange os 489
‘Adjusting items ~ oo oe ~ 14308 «15,827
a 13 1,621 7
Adjusted profit before tax a — 38,499 “44,018
Net underlying finance expenses 6 a7 448
Adjusted operating profit 7 - - 39,386 44,463
Depreciation charge 714 2.769 1,933
Amortisation of capitalised development costs 2 - 186
Adjusted EBITDA _ _ — 42155 46,582
Adjusted EBITDA margin (%) 18.0% 20.5%

Adjusting items

To assist in understanding the underlying performance of the Group and aid comparability between periods, management applies
judgement to exclude certain expense items from the Group's APMs, which are deemed to warrant separate disclosure due to either
their nature or size. Such adjusting items as described below are generally non-cash, non-recurring by nature or are acquisition related

Amortisation of acquired intangible assets and profit or loss on disposal of fixed assets are treated as adjusting items to better reflect
the underlying performance of the business, as they are non-cash items, principally relating to acquisitions.

The Group's share-based payment charge and refated social security taxes are excluded from adjusted profit measures. This allows for
better comparability between periods given the complexity of the assumptions underlying the calculation and the multi-year effect of
mid-cycle changes to certain assumptions being adjusted for on a cumulative basis, sometimes resulting in material fluctuations in the
charge between periods that are not reflective of the underlying operational performance of the business. The charge and related social
security taxes are also subject to external factors, such as the Group's share price, over which the Directors have less day-to-day
iniluence compared to other more directly controllable factors. This approach has been applied consistent'y across reporting periods.
Note 22 sets out further details of the employee share-based payment charge caiculation under IFRS 2.

The Group will continue to assess the status of this charge as an adjusting Item in the Group’s financial statements, considering the
development of the charge, the Group and its remuneration policies, If no adjustment was made for the share-based payment charge.
adjusted EBITDA for the period would be £34.8m (FY 23: £38.6m) and adjusted EBITDA margin would be 14.9% {FY 23: 17.0%).

1 The earn-out and detered consiseration expense the sear compises 2n ginployment-anked corsideranion charge of £1 Im. an associates social sacurty charge of £0.1m, aMset
by 8 £0 Im far vaive adustment Refer to rate 13 far further detals

alphafme.com



===== page 125 =====
122 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Me

cumns to ome cor souderon foancial statements ont

4. Reconciliations to alternative performance measures continued

As per note 13, the acquisitions of Shoreline in the year, and Lionpcint in FY 22, involved both deferred and contingent payments.

Some of these acquisition payments are dependent on the ongoing employment of certain members of the respective senior managernent
teams, and this element is expensed annually over several years until the date of payment. These costs have been treated as adjusting
items as they are acquisition related, reflecting the acquisition terms rather than tne Groug’s trading performance. Additionally, where
there is a change to the expected future payments or discount rates, a fair value adjustment to the liability is recorded in the income
statement. Whilst these acquisition-related costs will recur in the short term through the earn-out periods, the adjustment allows
comparability of underlying productive output and operating performance of the Group across reporting periods.

Other acquisition and integration costs expensed in the year relate to the acquisition of Shoreline, including due diligence, legal fees
and integration costs. Whilst further similar acquisition and integration costs could be incurred in the future, these costs are nat directly
attributable to the ongoing operational tracing performance of the Group. The timing and amount of such costs may vary and treating
these as an adjusting item allows comparability of the onerating performance across reporting periods.

Restructuring costs in FY 24 relate to a specific UK focused redundancy pragramme, which aims to support returning the business
40 more normal levels of utilisation and profitability, given the more competitive market environment. These costs are non-recurring
and, therefore have been treated as an adjusting item to allow comparability of the underlying performance of the Group.

The impact of foreign currency volatility in translating local working capital and cash balances te their relevant functional currencies
has been excluded from the calculation of adjusted profit measures on the basis that such exchange rate movements do not reflect
the underlying trends or operational performance of the Group. The foreign exchange movements were immaterial in both the current
and prior years

Non-underlying finance expenses
in calculating adjusted profit before tax, unwinding of the discounted contingent and deferred acquisition consideration within
finance expenses is considered non-underlying as these amounts relate to acquisition consideration, rather than the Group's
underlying trading performance

Adjusted profit before tax
Adjusted profit before tax is an APM calculated as profil before tax stated before adjusting items, including amortisation of acquired
intangibie assets, share-based payment charge, acquisition-related payments and costs, non-underlying finance exoenses and other
non-underlying expenses. This measure allows comparabllity of the Group's underlying performance, reflecting depreciation, amortisation
cf capitalised development costs and underlying finance expanses.

Adjusted operating profit

Adjusted operating profit is an APM defined by the Group as adiusted profit before tax before charging underlying finance expenses,
including taes on bank loans ana interest on lease liabiities. The Directors consider this metric afongside statutory operating profit to
allow further understanding and comparability of the underlying operating performance of the Group between periods. This measure
has been consistently used as the basis for adjusted cash conversion.

Adjusted EBITDA

Adjusted EBITDA is a commonly used operating measure, which is defined by the Group as adjusted operating profit stated before
non-cash items, including amortisation of capitalised deveionment costs and the depreciation charge. Adjusted EBITDA is a measure
that is used by management and the Board to assess underlying tracing performance acress the Group, and forms the basis of the
performance measures for aspects of remuneration, including consultant profit share and bonuses.

Adjusted profit after tax

Adjusted profit after tax is similarly used to allow a further understanging of the underiying performance of the Group. Adjusted profit
alter tax is stated before adjusting items and their associated tax effects. The associated tax effects are calculated by applying the
relevant effective tax rate to the adjusting items. A nil effective tax rate has been applied to earn-cut and deferred consideration,
acquisition costs and non-underlying finance expenses ‘otalling £3.0m as these items are treated as capital in nature and are therefore
non-deductibie tor tax purposes. An overall effective tax rate of 26.0% has been applied to all other adjusting items totalling £12.9m,
reflecting the tax rates in the geographical locations to which the items relate,

FY 24 FY 20

£000 £000
Adjusted profitbeforetax ~ a 38,499 44,015
Tax charge (6.723) (7,810)
Tax impact of adjusting items . (8.289) (2,976)

Adjusted profit after tax 28,487 33,229

alphafme.com


===== page 126 =====
Annuat Report & Accounts 2024 123

Adjusted earnings per share

Adjusted earnings per share ("EPS") is calculated by dividing the adjusted proft after tax for the year attributable to ordinary shareholders
by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year. Adjusted diluted EPS is calculated by ividing adjusted
profit after tax by number of shares as above. adjusted for the impact of potentially dilutive ordinary shares. Potentially dilutive ordinary
shares are only treated as ditutive when their conversion to ordinary shares would decrease EPS (or increase loss per share). Refer to
note 11 for further detail.

nn. . a a — Fy 24 2 FN 23
Adjusted EPS (p} 24.90 29.27
Adjusted diluted EPS (p) 23.34 27.37

Reconciliation of adjusted administration expenses
To express them on the same basis as the APMs described above, adjusted administration expenses are stated before adjusting items.
depreciation and amortisation of capitalised development costs and are used by the Board to monitor the underlying aciministration
expenses of the business in calculating adjusted EBITDA.

Adjusted administration expenses 36,142 33,777

FY 24 FY 23
- _ oo. _ ee . . _...£000 ooo BY
Administration expenses. 53,219 51,723 g
3
Adjusting items (14,308) 15,827)
Depreciation charge 714 2.769) asa)
Amortisation of capitalised development costs 2 - (186) g
H
.

Adjusted cash generated from operations
Adjusted cash generated from operations excludes the operating cash flow impact of adjusting items, such as employment-linked
acquisition payments and associated social security taxes, other acquisition and integration costs paid in the period, and restructuring
costs. This is 10 reflect the Group's underlying operating cash flows on a consistent oasis with adjusted profit measures,

FY 24 FY 23
—- ne £000 £7000
Cash generated from operations _ _ 20,408 43,875
Employment-linked acquisition payments*® 1,923 4,981
Acquisition and integration costs 292 331
Restructuring costs 945 -

Adjusted cash generated from operations 23,568 46,187

Adjusted cash conversion

Cash conversion is stated as cash generated from operations expressed as a percentage of operating protit,

Adjusted cash conversion is stated as adjusted cash generated from operations expressed as a percentage of adjusted operating profit.

. _ . __ FY 24 FY 23%
Cash conversion 81% 153%
Adjusted cash conversion 80% 104%

Organic net fee income growth

Organic net fee income growth excludes net lee income trom acquisitions in the 12 months following acquisition, Net fee income from
any acquisition made in the period is excluded from organic growth. For acquisitions made part way through the comparative period,
the current period's net fee income contribution is reduced to include only net fee income for the period following the acquisition
anniversary, in order to compare organic growth on a like-for-like basis.

Organic net tee Income growth of 1.8% (FY 23: 39.6%} for the current period represents FY 24 nel fee income less £2.3m of net fee
income attributable to Shoreline, treated as inerganic.

22 Tho Grou nas ero he detniton agus 48" geraratn com sper ‘a axed ay bad th fear THs ate
uprSn |S BOISIE Jax Sas}HOnaly. he ApPIOACH WH tne et
0 30s Nes

far greater 501
‘purse com

hey a6 ac-Usten onerating Groht, 199K! as
fesand alows ease cf companson ayanst

these compares Dw FY 23 comparatse
£3 Employrren-nkedl acquistion pay:

195 (¢ allow for comparably between years,
im comevises £1 8m 2f acquisihon consideration classiig 4% employmen.-\nkee and £0.11 of associated sccial sacunly pay ments
rearsicr hase bear restated to exclude tax paid the eer, eflecting the Group's eines Getiion af adusles ash generated tram

44 FY 23 cagh cunversi04 and adjusted
operations as expained above

alphafme.com



===== page 127 =====
124 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

masnial statermar’

4. Reconciliations to alternative performance measures continued
Constant currency growth

‘The Group operates in muttiple jurisdictions and generates revenues and profits in various currencies, Results are translated on consolidation
at the average foreign exchange rates prevailing in that period. These exchange rates vary from year to year, so the Group presents
some of its results on a "constant currency” basis. This means that the current year's results have been ratranslated using the average
exchange rates from the prior year to allow for comparison of year-on-year results, eliminating the effects of changes in exchange rates.

Currency translation had an impact on both net fee income and gross profit in the year, primarily in North America, as a result of a
strengthening British pound sterling through the year. In the year, British pound sterling averaged USD 1.26 (FY 23; USD 1.21), and
CAD 1.69 (FY 23: CAD 1.59), whilst it was fiat against the suro at an average of €1.16 (FY 23: €1.16).

On a constant currency basis, Group net fee income would be £238.0m, which is growth of 4.8% overall. Similarly, North America.
net fee income would be £94.8m and Eurape & APAC would be £52.3m which would be growth of 3.8% and 6.9% respectively.

Ona similar basis the Group's gross profit would have been £79.6m representing a 0.9% dacrease, as opposed to a 2.6% decrease

ona reported basis.

5. Staff costs

‘The average number of employees employed by the Group, where “employees” includes Executive Directors but excludes contractors, was:

FY 24, FY 23.
Number Number
uestsi‘CSeCS*S™S et,
North America 321 272
Europe & APAC 2at 210
Administration a 122 107°
Average number of employees intheyear 4,061 908
Total staff costs included in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income were:
FY 24 FY 23
£000 £'000
Wages, salaries and short-termbenefits a a 7 "429,935 119,432.
Social security costs 12,241 1144
Pension costs 4519 2,791
Share-based payment charge 7,337 7,950
Total staff costs for the year ~ = _ 7 “184,032 ‘141,317.
Staff costs in relation to key management personnel, as defined in note 25, were:
Fv23

Wages, salaries and short-term benefits 3,468
Social security costs

Pension costs.

sed payment charge
Tolal staff costs for key management personnet for the year

Directors’ remuneration

Oetalied disclosures in respect of Directors’ remuneration are provided in the Remuneration Committee report on pp 84-94. Further
disclosures are provided nere to comply with the requirements of Schedule 5 of the Large and Medium-sized Companies and Groups
(Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008.

The total aggregate remuneration of the Directors ot the Company tor the year ended 31 March 2024 was £1,844,000 (FY 23: £2,986,000),
including gains on the axercise of share options of £644,000 (FY 23: £1,648,000). On this same basis, the aggregate remuneration of the
highest paid Director for the year ended 31 March 2024 was £1,210,000 (FY 23: £1,973,000).

The share option gains disclosed above differ from the gains of £1,154,000 (FY 23: £366,000} disclosed in the single-figure table provided
in the Remuneration Committee repert on p. 91 because they are calculated based on share options exercised in the year, whereas the
amounts in the single-figure table are calculated based on share options vested in the year. Additionally, he FY 23 aggregate remuneration
disclosed abave also includes £1,973,000 relating to Euan Fraser, which is excluded from the single-figure table in the Remuneration
Committee report as he stepped down from the Board on 81 March 2023. This aggregate amount for Euan Fraser comorises salary and
bonus of £694,000, pension costs of £19,000 and gains on share options exercised of £1,260,000. Alt other components of remuneration
are on 4 consistent basis with the amounts disclosed in the single-figure table in the Remuneration Committee report.

As at 31 March 2024, ane Director (FY 23: one Director} was accruing benefits under a defined contribution pension scheme,

alphatme.com


===== page 128 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 128

6. Finance income and expenses

FY 24 Fy 23
ce Note £000 _ _£7000_
OS a nn 346 "364
Total finance income Oo 346 364
Interest and fees payable on bank loans, (928) (696)
Interest on lease liabilities (308) (216)
Total underlying finance expenses a (1,233) (812)
Non-underlying finance expenses 18621) (2.417)
Total finance expenses ~ _ (2,854) (3,229)
Net underlying finance expenses (887) (448)
Net finance expenses (2,508) (2,865)
The Group holds one principal bank facility comprising a £50.0m committed ACF with Lloyds and HSBC with a tenor to June 2026,
‘This facility is subject to two independent financial covenants relating to interest cover and net debt ratios, which were complied with Zz
through the year. 3
The Group has utlised up to a maximum of £17.8m of the facility, drawn down occasionally through the year to meet short-term 5
cutrency requirements, The facility was undrawn as at 31 March 2024, and the Group remains in a strong net cash position of £20.4m. JY
An RGF drawdown and corresponding repayment of £10.2m is reported in the consolidated statemient of cash flows as certain amounts fF
have b¢en presented on a net basis where amounts have sen drawn down and repaid with three months. |
7. Leases H
Right-of-use assets
Equipment
Buildings underlease Total
- - "£7000 £000 £000
Net book value - — 7 _
As at 1 April 2022 2.801 3 2,304
Additions 2.871 - 2.671
Effect of modifications to lease terms 208 - 209
Depreciation charge (1,386) @ (0,389)
Foreign exchange adjustments : 213 - 213
As at 31 March 2023 ; 4008. “= 4,008
Additions — ~ oe _ 1699000 1,633,
Effect of modifications to lease terms (1.106) ~ (1,106)
Depreciation charge (2131) - (2,131)
Foreign exchange adjustments Ca - am
As at 31 March 2024 a ; ; ; 7 “2933 = 8,883

Right-of-use asset additions of 1.6m relate ta various new office leases across the UK and North America. following the expiry
of certain leases during the year. These additions are partly offset by lease modifications of £1.1m. primarily relating to the early exit
of an office lease in the UK,

Lease liabi
A summary of the Group's undiscounted lease liabilities as at 31 March 2024 is presented below:

FY 24
£000
Due within one year ee —— 4570
Due between one and five years 1,266
Due atter five years -
Total lease liabilities - undiscounted ; — : ~ 2836480

Impact of discounting

Total lease liabilities - discounted

alphatme.com


===== page 129 =====
126 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

NM

ted firg . statements -

7, Leases continued
Amounts recognised in the Group's consolidated statement of comprehensive income

FY 24 FY 23,

£000 £000
Depreciation of right-oF-use asset on eee 181) (1,389)
Short-term lease expense (723) (1,096)
Low-value lease expense - -
Variable service charges (119) (4)
Included in administration expenses ee ~ 2973) (2,539)
Interest expense on lease liabilities. (308) (216)
Included in finance expenses ee (308) (26)

Total cash rental payments made in the year on all lease tenors amounted to £3.0m (FY 23: £2.6m), of which £2.3m (FY 23: €1.5m)
related to lease liabilities and £0.7m (FY 23: £1.1m) related to short-term leases.

The Group has given consideration to any extension options and early termination options with reasonable certainty, and these have
been reflected within the lease liabilities where appropriate.

The Group has no material income or expenses associated with sub-leasing arrangements, sale-and-leaseback transactions, or
variable lease payments.

8. Taxation
FY 24 FY 23
eee OOD
Gurrenttax oS eee
In respect of the current year — UK 3,130 3,660
Foreign taxation 5,495 8,059
Adjustment in respect of prior periods (196) (442)
Deferred tax
In respect of the current year - UK (1,344) (1,995)
Foreign taxation 9 (1,380)
Change in tax rate on opening balance - 8
Adjustment in respect of prior periods 71) (100)
Total tax expense for the year _ _ e880

The Finance Act 2022 increased the main rate of corporation tax in the UK to 25% from + April 2023. The UK deferred tax balances as
disclosed in note 9 reflect this substantively enacted rate in the current and prior years.

in addition to the tax expense for the year ended 31 March 2024, the Group has also recognised a total! charge of £0.8m (FY 23: £2.4m
credit) of tax through equity, comprising a charge of £1.4m (FY 23: £0.9m credit) relating to deferred tax on share options outstanding,
partly offset by @ credit of £0.6m (FY 23: £1.5m) relating to current tax on the exercise of share options in the year. Additionally, a £0.1m
credit (FY 23: £0.4m charge) was recognised through other comprehensive income, relating to the deferred tax impact of foreign
exchange fluctuations on acquired intangible assets.

alphatme.com


===== page 130 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 127

The difference between the total tax expense shown above and the amount calculated by applying the standard rate of UK corporation
jax to the profit before tax is as follows:

BY 24 FY 23
oo _ LL _ 000 «000
Profit before taxation 22,570 25,771

Tax on profit on ordinary activities at standard UK corporation tax rate of 25% (FY 23: 19%) ° 5643

Effects of
Fixed asset differences - (24)
income not taxable (155) -
Expenses not deductible for taxation 1.064 4,252
Differences due to overseas tax rates 375 2,202
Adjustments in respect of prior periods - current tax (198) (442)
Adjustments in respect of prior periods - deferred tax ert) (100)
Deferred tax not recognised 182 -
Change in deterred tax rate 79 26

Other 402 -
6,723 7,810

Total tax expense for the year

Expenses not deductible for taxation relate mainly to employment-linked acquisition consideration, associated discount unwinding and
other acquisition-related costs, treated as capital for tax purposes.

9. Deferred tax

Movements in deferred tax

A: 3) March 2024
Impact of
Acquired foreign
during the exchange Recognised Recognised
1 Aprit 2023 year —_ revaluation in income in oquity $1 March 2024
_ _ _ e000 __ £000 00 foo0 = f"a00
Accelerated capital allowances - ~ 20 - (108)
Short-term timing differences - @) (198) - 1,818
Share options. 5,298 - - 868 (1,413) 4,753
Arising on business combinations (6.938) _ 78) 61 1,016 - (6,239)
Net deferred tax asset 250 (378) 59 4,708 (1,413) 224
As at 31 Maroh 2025
Impact of
Acquired foreign
during the: exchange Recognised Recognised
1 April 2022 year revaluation inincome inequity 31 March 2023
_— £000 £'000 £7000 £000 £'000 £000
Accelerated capital allowances (110) - - (18) - (128}
Short-term timing differences 636 - (53) 1,387 - 2,018
Share options 3,213 - - 1,215 870 5,298
Arising on business combinations (7,453) - (374) 889 - (6,938)
Net deferred tax {liability)/asset (3,660) - (427) 3,467 870 250

Deferred tax assets recognised within these consolidated financial statements mainly represent the future tax effect of share-based
payment charges in respect of awards that have yet to be exercised or released, Decluctions in excess of the cumulative share-based
payment charge recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income are recognised in equity. Other deferred tax
assets recognised relate to timing differences on deductions for tax purposes and as such there is no restriction on recoverability.

Deterred tax liabilities primarily represent temporary differences between the accounting and tax treatments of acquired intangible
assets, As the intangible assets are amortised, the deferred tax liabilities decrease. with changes being recognised in the consolidated
staternent of comprehensive income. Any deferred tax liabilities recognised in respect of foreign currency intangible assets are
re-transiated at each balance sheet date, consistent with the treatment of the associated intangible assets.

alphafme.com

a
3
Py
5
Es
a
g
g
s
3
3
2
&



===== page 131 =====
128 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

fey kee pongo Pana So.

9. Deferred tax continued

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset where there is a legally enforceable right to do so and when the deferred taxes relate to the
same fiscal authority. The below tabie sets out the deferred tax asset and the net deferred tax liability, as presented in the consolidated
‘statement of financial position:

FY 24 FY23

ae ee _ _ _f000, £000
Deferred tax liabilities (2,442) 2,783}
Deferred tax assets 2,666 3,033
Net deterred tax asset ee — (224 250°

10. Dividends

Amounts recognised as distributions to equity holders:

FY 23

£'000
Final dividend for the year ended 31 March 2023 of 10.50p (FY 22:750pjpershare sSs=—=~CS ~ 8,547
Interim dividend for the year ended 31 March 2024 of 3,70p (FY 23: 3.70p) per share 4,236 4,227
Total dividends paid in the year BS 16,246 412,774

In view of the recommended cash offer to acquire Aipha by Bidco, a newly incorporated indirect subsidiary of certain funds managed
by Bridgepoint, the Board is not recommending a final dividend, If the acquisition does not complete, it is expected that the Board
would declare a final dividend in respect of FY 24 at a later date.

Tl. Earnings per share and adjusted earnings per share

The Group presents basic and diluted eamings per share {“EPS"), on both a statutory and adjusted basis. Basic EPS is calculated by
dividing the profit or loss for the year attributable to ordinary shareholders by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding
during the year. In the calculation of diluted EPS the Group applies the treasury share method to include the impact of potentially dilutive
shares arising from the Group’s share option plans. For further detail on the Group's accounting policy see note 1,

In order to reconcile to the adjusted profit after tax, the same adjustients @s set out in note 4 have been made to the Group's profit for
the financial year. The profits and weighted average number of shares used in the calculations are set out below:

Note FY 24 FY 23

Basic and diluted EPS _

Profit for the financial year (€'000) 15.847 17,961
Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (000) 114,398 113,531
Number of dilutive shares (’000) 7,658 7,883
Weighted average number of ordinary shares, including dilutive shares (000) 422,058 121,414
Basic EPS (p) 19.85 15.82
Dituted EPS (9) 12.98 14.78
Adjusted EPS and adjusted diluted EPS

Adjusted profit after tax (£000) 4 28,487 33,229
Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (000) 114,308 113,531
Number of dilutive shares (000) 7,658 7,883
Weighted average number of ordinary shares, including dilutive shares (000) OT 93,088 121.414
Adjusted EPS {p) 24.90 29.27
Adjusted diluted EPS (p) 23.34 27.37

alphaime.com


===== page 132 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 129

12. Goodwilt and intangibie fixed assets

Goodwitl

FY 24 FY 23
‘Movements in the year ee oo ___Note £7000 87000.
Cost at beginning of the year ~ 103,876 100,991
Additions 13

(Losses)/gains from foreign exchange

Cost at end of the year

Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the Group's share of the net identifiable assets of
the acquired subsidiary at the date of acquisition. In line with IAS 21 para 47, goodwill arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation
is held in local currency and is retranslated into the Group's presentational currency at each reporting date using the closing foreign
exchange rate.

Additions in the year of £2.7m to goodwill relate to the Group's acquisition of Shoreline Consulting Pty Ltd, Shoreline Consolidated Pty
Lic ang their subsidiaries (‘Shoreline’), a boutique consultancy that provides services to the asset and wealth management sector in
APAC. This goodwill represents assets that do not qualify for separate recognition and includes the assembled workforse and the
expected syneray benefits of combining the talents of the Shoreline team into the Group.

In prior years, goodwill was recognised upon the acquisitions of Alpha FMC Group Holdings Ltd in February 2016, TrackTwo GmbH in
July 2017, Axxsys Ltd in June 2019, Odsidian Solutions Ltd in November 2019 and Lionpoint Holdings, Inc. in May 2021,

{n line with IAS 36 para 96, the carrying value of goodwill is not subject to systematic amortisation but is reviewed at least annually for
impairment. The review assesses each group of GGUs to which goodwill has been allocated for impairment by comparing the carrying
value of the units, including the goodwill, with the recoverable amount of the units. The carrying values of goodwill have been assessed
by reference to value in use. These have been estimated using cash flows from forecasts prepared by management around the batance
sheet date.

The CGUs have been grouped in line with the Group’s operating segments as this is the level at which goodwill is monitored by
management. Therefore, the groups of CGUs considered for impairment testing are UK, North America and Europe & APAC.

FY 24
Allocation of goodwit _ _ oe _ __ £000
UK 52,082
North America, 31,961
Europe & APAG 21,198
At end of the year —— _ a ~ 405,179

Key assumptions - impairment testing

‘The principal assumptions considered to be individually significant for the purposes of calculating the value in use for each CGU include
the assumed underlying trading used to estimate the future CGU cash flows, taking into account future CGU growth rates and margins,
and the pre-tax discount rate used to convert these estimated cash flows to present value.

In all cases, the budget for the following financial year forms the basis for the cash-flow projections for a CGU. These near-term FY 25
budget assumptions were sensitised to account for the inherent uncertainty associated with forward-looking cash-tow projections.

‘The cash-flow projections for the four years suosequent to the budget year reflect the Directors’ expectations of the medium-term
Operating performance of the CGU and the growth prospects in the CGL's market, reflecting a range of factors relevant to the specific
circumstances of each CGU. Underlying revenue growth assumptions for the period FY 25 to FY 29 range from an average annual
growth of 5.5% to 11.6% over the medium term and are assessed on a period-by-period basis reflecting marxet conditions. They include
the relative size of each CGU and the maturity level of operations in the territory in the determination of the future estimated cash flows
for value in use.

Thereafter, a perpetuity long-term growth rate is applied ranging between 1.0% and 1.9% depending on the CGU, based on longer-term
economic outlooks of those economies and the Directors’ longer-term assessment of the prospects of those businesses.

To discount these cash flows to present value, CGU specific pre-tax discount rates have been applied to reflect the market assessment
of the time value of money and the specific risk profile of each CGU, including consideration of the relative size of each CGU, the matunty
level of operations in the territory and focal market risk metrics. The Group bases its estimate for the pre-tax discount rate on its weighted
average cost of capital. The weighted average pre-tax discount rate for the Group was determined to be 14.8% (FY 23: 14.7%). CGU
specific discount rates have been applied to reflect CGU specific nsks.

The Group has considered associated costs of climate change and decarbonisation when forecasting future cash flows.

alphatme.com

Z
z
Fy
3
2
@
5
8
3
&
E3



===== page 133 =====
130 © Annual Report & Accounts 2024

cialstar

12. Goodwill and intangible fixed assets continued
‘The table below summarises the assumptions used for each CGU:

Pre-tax discount rate Medium-term growth rate }-term growth rate.
: oo FY24 CfY2 0 F¥2s)FY230CFVG FY 2B
UK 447% 14.86 5.5% 5.5% 1.0% 0.8%
North America 15.5% 16.3% 11.6% 11.5% 1.8% 1.8%
Europe & APAC 13.1% 12.8% 71% 71% 1.3% 1.4%
Sensitivity

The Group has considered a range of factors in relation to the value in use estimate for each CGU.

in the assessing goodwill impairment review, discount rates applied would have to increase to between 30.9% and 47.5% dependent an
the CGU to result in value in use headroom falling to nit far any CGU, The Directors consider that no reasonably possible change to the
long-term growth rates could resutt in imoairment of goodwill for any CGU given the assumptions, summarised in the table above

Management does not expect a material change to the discount rate in any of its CGUs as presented for the year ended 31 March 2024.
As such, in order to address inherent uncertainty surrounding forward-looking cash-flow assumptions, the Group has applied sensitivity
analysis to identify the point to which growth would have te fall in order to reduce headroom to nil, As such, the assumed medium-term
annual growth rate fer the period from FY 26 to FY 29 would need to be an annual decrease of (20.0%) and (30.9%), depending on the
GU, for the value in use headroom to fail to nit.

Variations in inflation ievels are not significant in the impairment sensitivity analysis, given the level of headroom availabie to cach CGU.

The Directors have considered whether a reasonably possible change in the assumptions would erode the headroom or give rise to a
material adjustment to any carrying value in the next 12 months. The Directors do not consider that a reasonably possible change in
assumptions coulc result in a reduction in headroom to nil for any CGU.

Intangible fixed assets

As at 31 March 2024

Capitatised
Order ‘Customer intellectual Trade development
backlog relationships property name costs Total
£'000 £000 £000 £7000 £7000 £000
Cot ssi“ ee ee
Al the start of the year 2,580 36,205 3,388 9,120 1,819 53,112
Additions - 4,729 - - 3n 2,040
Exchange difference (225) - 60) - (299)
At the end of the year - total 3770o.-”:*«‘iBBC(t(t«CTOC*‘“‘«é TZ 54,853
Amortisation a ss Be -
At the start of the year (2,580) (15,145) (2,602) (3,378) (1,819) (25,524)
Charge for the year - (3,269) (eat) (775) - (4,325)
Exchange difference 24 a7 - 8 - 69
Attheendoftheyear—total == ~~S«(2,556)—~=«MNB.77)—S~SC«, BBB (4145) ~~=«(1,819) (29,780)
Netbook value — en 4925 S11 «5,073,

alphatme.com


===== page 134 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 131

Asat SI Marsh 2025
Capitalised
Order Customer _ intellectual Trade development
backlog relationships Property name costs: Total
£000 "00 £000 £000 £'000 e'000
Cost ~ ~ —_
At the start of the year 2192 35,652 3,388 8,982 1.819 52,033
Additions 319 - - - - 319
Exchange differen 3 863 - 498 - 760
At the end of the year ° 2580 36,205 3388 9,120 “4819 (83,112
Amortisation _
At the start of the year (2.072) (12,083) 14 77) (1,633) (20,700)
Charge for the year 468) 8,044) sh (603) 1186) (4,762)
Exchange difference 40) (18) -
Atthe end of the year-total ~ (2580) 18.145) _—«(2,602)
Net book value _— oe 21,060 786

Customer relationships

Customer relationships at the start of the year represent the total of the fair value at the acquisition dates of the customer relationships
that were owned by, but not previously recognised as assets of, Aloha FMC Group Holdings Lid in FY 16, TrackTwo GmbH in FY 18,
Obsidian Solutions Ltd and Axxsys Ltd in FY 20.and Lionpoint Holdings, inc. in FY 22.

Adgitions in the year of £1.7m to customer relationships relate to the acquisition by the Group of Shoreline Consulting Pty Ltd,
Shoreline Consolidated Pty Ltd and their subsidiaries.

The fair value has been determined by applying the multi-period excess earings method te the cash flows expected to be earned from
customer relationships, The key management assumptions are around forecast revenues, operating margins and discount factors. The
value is given oy the resent value of the earnings the customer relationships generate, net of a reascnabie return on other assets also
contributing to that stream of earnings (contributory asset charges}.

Auselul aconomic life of 4-12 years has been deemed appropriate based cn the average realisation rate of curnulative cash flows and
benchmarked data for each respective acquisition, Projected cash flows have been discounted over this period. The amortisation
charge is recognised in administration expenses within the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

Intellectual property

Intellectual property at the start of the year represents the fair value at the 3 February 2016 acquisition date of the intellectual property
which was owned by, but not previously recognised as assets of, Aloha FMC Group Holdings Ltd, intellectual prozerty acquired as part
of the TrackTwo GmbH acquisition in FY 18, and those acquired on the acquisition of Axxsys Ltd and Obsidian Solutions Ltd in FY 20.

The fair value has been determined by applying the relief from royally method to the cash flows earned from the intellactual property.
The key management assumptions are around growth forecasts, discount factors and royalty percentage utlised. A usetul economic life
of seven years has been deemed appropriate based on previous acquisitions and benchmarking data, Projected cash flows have been
discounted over this period. The amortisation charge is recognised in administration expenses within the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income,

Trade name
Trade name intangible assets at the start of the year represent the fair value at the 3 February 2016 acquisition date of the trade name,

which was owned by, but not previously recognised as an asset of. Alpha FMC Group Holdings Ltd, and those acquired on the
acquisition of Axxsys Ltd and Obsidian Solutians Ltd in FY 20 and Lionpoint Holdings, Inc. in FY 22.

The fair value has been determined by applying the relief from royalty method to the cash flows earned from the trade name. The key
management assumotions are around growth forecasts, discount factors and royaity percentage utilised, A useful economic life of 4-15
years has been deemed appropriate based on previous acauisitions and benchmarking data, Projected cash flows have been discounted
over this period. The amortisation charge is recognised in administration expenses within the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

alphafme.com

Pa
Fs
3
3
&
=
g
2
g
3
z



===== page 135 =====
132. Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Notes ce consolidaced

12. Goodwill and intangible fixed assets continued

Capitalised development costs

Capitalised development costs represent the costs incurred in the development of Aivig’s client data and analytics software platform.
Additions of £0.3m in the year relate to capitalised expenditure by Aivig in March 2024.

The remaining useful lives at 31 March 2024 of each of the respective asset classes acquired on acquisition above are summarised in
the table below.

Capitalised
Customer —_ Intellectual development
retationships property: Trade name costs

Acquiredentity (years) __fyears} tyears} years}
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Te _ "38 - 68 -
TrackTwo GmbH 43 03 - -
Axxsys - UK 62 - 10 -
Axxsys - North America/Nordics 72 - 10 -
Obsidian Solutions - 26 - -
Lionpoint - UK 92 - 35 -
Lionpoint - North America 92 - 35 -
Lionpoint - Europe & APAC B2 - 35 -
Shoreline - Europe & APAC 10.1 - - -
Aivig - UK - - - 3.0

The Group reviews the remaining useful lives of its intangible assets on at least an annual basis. During the year, the remaining useful
lives of certain customer relationship and trade name intangible assets were shortened to best reflect the Group's expected usage of
these assets going forward. These revisions did not nave a material effact on the amortisation charge in the year anc are not expected
to have a material effect on the annual amortisation charge in future years.

13. Acquisition of businesses

Acquisitions in the year

Sheretine

On + May 2023, the Group reached an agreement to acquire 100% of the issued share capital of Shoreline Consulting Pty Ltd and
Shoreline Consolidated Pty Lid and its subsidiaries (together, “Shoreline”), a boutique consultancy that provides services to the asset
and wealth management sector in APAG, on a cash free, debt free basis. The Directors consider that the acquisition enables Alpha to
reinforce our postion and take advantage of opportunities in the APAG region

The maximum potential cash consideration payable by the Group pursuant to the acquisition agreement was AUD 13.0m (£6.8m),
allocated between AUD 8.0m {£4.2m} non-contingent cash consideration and a contingent earn-out structure up to a maximum of
AUD 5.0m (£2,.6m}, payable in several instalments.

Subsequent to the acquisition date, in light of market conditions and performance, an agreement with the founders was reached to
modify the terms of the earn-cut agreement. This agreement has reduced the maximum amount of garn-cut consideration available from
AUD 5.0m (£2.6m] to AUD 3.1m (€1.8m) with modified earn-out targets, payable in July 2026, 2027 and 2028.

The fair value of consideration recagnised on the cate of acquisition, excluding employment linked amounts, amounted to AUD 8.2m
{£4.3m}, of which AUD 4.5m {£2.4mn) relates to initial cash consideration paid, AUD 0.2m (£0.1m) relates to adcitional amounts paid

in the year in relation to completion working capital, AUD 2.4m (£1.2m) relates to deferred consideration, and AUD 1.1m (£0.6m) relates
to discounted contingent consideration.

initial consideration was funded from the Groug’s cash reserves, with any remaining deferred and contingent consideration amounts:
expected to be settled in cash, with the cption to settle a portion of the deferred amounts in the Group's ordinary shares.

alphafme.com


===== page 136 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 133.

A summary of the purchase consideration, net assets acquired, identifiabie intangible assets and goodwill is set out below. These fair
values are determined by using established estimation techniques such as income-hased discounted cash flow models.

Fair value
Book vaiues adjustments

Shoreline 8°00 £7000
Acquiree’s net assets at the acquisition date. oo
Customer relationships ~ 1,729 1,729
Trade and other receivables 768 - 768
Cash and cash equivalents 92 - 92
Trade and other payables (638) - (636)
Deferred tax assev(iability) 54 (432) (378)
Netidentifiableassets acquired = s—s—“‘ésS*;*‘éB 1297 4,575
Cash consideration relating to business combination oo ~~ 4.286
Goodwill on acquisition (see note 12) _ a re _— at

Of the total maximum potentias amounts payable, £0.9m was classified as employment-linked because these payments are conditional
on the continuing employment of certain Shoreline employees. These employment-linked acquisition payments are expensed through
profit or ‘oss proportionately unti’ the relevant payment date, based on the amounts expected to be paid, taking into consideration
expected performance against earn-out targets. During the year, the Group has expensed £0.3m in relation to these employment-linked
payments through the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, with £0.1m paid in the year.

Deferred and contingent consideration is discounted to fair value. Discount unwinding is recognised as a finance expense proportionately
across the periods until final payment. During the year, £0.1m of discount unwinding was expensed as a non-underlying finance cost in
relation to the Shoreline acquisition consideration,

A fair value adjustment of £0.1rm was recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income at 31 March 2024 te reflect
the modified earn-cut agreement and revised payment timings described above.

As consideration for the acquisition of Shoreline is payable in Australian dollars, foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised al
each reporting date in relation to translating these liabilities into pound sterling. In the period, the Group recognised @ smail foreign
exchange gain through other comprehensive income in relation to the re-transiation of these liabilities.

As at 31 March 2024, a £2.1m fiability is recorded, of which £0,9m is current and £1.2m is nen-current.

Shoreline contriouted £2.2m to the Group's revenue in the year and had an immaterial impact on the Group's profit after tax for the year from
the date of acquisition to 31 March 2024. If the acquisition of Shoreline had been completed on 1 April 2023, Group revenues for the
year would have been £235.7m with an immaterial impact on the Group profits atter tax, without adjustment to amortisation assumptions.

Acquisition and integration costs of £0.d7 related to the Shoreline acquisition are included within administration expenses as detailed
in note 4

alphafme.com

2
3
a
3
ES
z
¢
=
rf
FI
3
ze
&



===== page 137 =====
134 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the consobcated finus ss

13. Acquisition of businesses continued

Acquisitions in previous years

Lionpomt

Asat 31 March 2028, the Group held a lability of £24.9m in relation to future deferred and contingent consideration payable for this acquisition.

Employment-linked acquisition payments are expensed through the income statement proportionately until FY 26. During the year, the
Group has expensed £0.8m in relation to these employment linked payments.

The deferred and contingent consideration is discounted to fair value. Discount unwinding is recognised as a finance cost proportionately,
acrass the periods until final payment. Quring the year, £1.5M of discount unwinding was expensed as a non-underlying finance cost in
relation to the Lionpoint acauisition consideration.

During the year, the Group made deterred and contingent Lionpoint acquisition payments totalling £16.3m. Of these payments, £1.7m
relates to employment-linked consideration, and is presented within cash from operating activities, with the remaining £14.6m presented
within cash used in investing activities in the consolidated statement of cash fiows

As consideration for the acquisition of Lionpoint is payable in US dollars, foreign exchange differences are recognised at each reporting
gate in relation to translating these liabilities into pound sterling. In the year, the Group recognised a foreign exchange profit of £0.5m in
relation to the re-transiation of these liabilities.

As at 31 March 2024, a £10.4m liability is recorded, of which £10.1m is current and £0.3m is non-current.

The below table summarises the movernents in the deferred and contingent consideration liabilities to 21 March 2024:

Shoreline Lionpoint
000 0

Balance as at 1 April 2023 - ~ — 24,949
Additions 4,824 -
Employment-linked consideration a8 ai7
Payments in the year® 67) (16,328) (16,385)
Unwinding of discounting 7 3,494 1,621
Fair value adjustment - (72)
Foreign exchange gains (622) (658)
Balance as at $1 March 2024 oe —atoa 10,410 12,514
Represented by:
Current 10,070 10,953
Non-current 340 1,561
Balance as at 31 March 2024 _ - 410 12,514

As at 31 March 2024, the Group held a total liability of £12.5m in relation io future deferred and contingent consideration payable for
acquisitions. Of this liability at the balance sheet date, £2.4m relates to deferred consideration and the remaining £10.1m relates to
contingent consideration. Within these deferred and contingent consideration liabilities, £1.9m relates to employment-linked amounts.

The fair value of acquisition earn-outs is no longer considered to be an area of significant estimation uncertainty given proximity to and
more certainty around the Lionpoint final earn-out payment. The fair value of the earn-out liability held in relation of Shoreline is also not
considered to have a material \evel of estimation uncertainty to the value of the liability held at 31 March 2024,

45 Deferred and contingent acquisition payments of £16.41n includes 21.8 of emiplovmert-hnked consiceration. which Ke reperied im nee Gash ganeratad trom operating actintias m the
consobdated statement of cash Rows, Additionally acquisiton payments reported wir cash Hows from investing actuiti in the consclidated statement of cash flows includes £2 4m
aid upon complalion of the acquisition ot Shoreiina, net of cash acqured, whch is not included in the table above.

alphatme.com


===== page 138 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 135

14. Property, plant and equipment

Leasehold Fixtures Computer
improvements and fittings: equipment Total
ee - — —— £000 F000 00 £'00
Cost
As at 1 April 2022 2at 232 aan 2,784
Additions - 87 773 860
Disposals (42) eat (829)

Exchange difference
As at 31 March 2023

283 © 2.841

Additions 498
Disposals (9298)
Exchange difference (26)

As at 31 March 2024

Depreciation z
As at 1 April 2022 (210) (197) (1.671) 978)
Charge for the year 5) i) (492) (644)
Disposals 6 42 256 304 Fa
Exchange difference ; n,n) ao FF
As at 31 March 20230 238) (176) (1835) 2.249)
Charge for the year - (30) (608) (638)
Disposals 237 139 974 1,350
Exchange difference 1 2 14 7

As at 31 March 2024 : = (65) 4,455) 1,820)
Net book value as at 31 March 2024 - 87 860 947
Net book value as. at, 31 March 2023 . - 107 7,006 BARKS

15. Trade and other receivables

FY 24 FY 23,

£006 £'000
Amounts due within one year: oo — ~ ~
Trade receivables 34,190 26781
Less: allowance for expected cradit losses (685) (657)
Trade receivables-net_ : —_ - 33,505 (26,424
Other receivables 1,080 1194
Capitalised contract fulfilment costs 753 401
Prepayments 2.478 1,999

37

Accrued income

Total amounts due within one year

Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and generally have a 30- to 60-day term. Due to their short matunties, the carrying amount
of trade and other recivables is a reasonable approximation of their fair value. Trade receivables have increased in the year through the
ongoing growth of the business with higher debtor days at 63 days (FY 23: 43 days) against strong collections in the prior year.

An expected credit loss attributable to trade receivables is established after consideration of historical loss rates in preceding periods
and relevant forward-looking factors. The Group has determined historical loss rates for ach ageing category of trade receivables by
performing an in-depth analysis of historical fosses in conjunction with other factors in key Aloha territories.

The Group has considered a number of factors in determining appropriate expected credit loss rates. including macro-economic factors
and asset-specific indicators such as customer correspondence, default or delinquency in payment and significant financial difficulties
of the customer.

alphatme.com


===== page 139 =====
teat

136 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

the corns: t

Wa:

15. Trade and other receivables continued

Expected Gross carrying Loss Net carrying
loss rate amount allowance amount
As at 31 March 2024 Yo £'000 £000 £000
Notoverdue eee 4.90% 20,917 a2) 20,646
Overdue 1-30 days 2.23% 10,600 (236) 10,364
Overdue 31-60 days 3.32% 1,444 48) 4,396
Overdue 61-90 days 7.30% 873 (42) 531
Overdue 90+ days 13.45% 656 (68) 568
As at 31 March 2024 7 34,190 (685) 33,505
Expected Gross carrying Loss Net carrying
loss rate amount allowance amount
Asat 31 March 2023 % £900 £1000 £7000
Notoverdue "498% ———«*19,2958s—=<“<«t*‘«é«BWCS*C“‘«‘«ér COTS
Overdue 1-30 days 3.45% 6,652 (209) 6,443
Overdue 31-60 days 5.01% 802 (30) 872
Overdue 61-20 days 10.82% 69 ” 62
Overdue 90+ days 17.60% 163 (29) 134
As at 31 March 2023 OO oo 36,124

Capitalised contract fulfilment costs comprise amounts incurred in relation to unsatisfied performance obligations on fixed-fee milestone
projects, and non-distinct software implementation costs incurred in advance of the commencement of the client's licence period on
Aivig contracts, As at 31 March 2024, total capitalised contract fulfilment costs were £0.8n (FY 23: £1.2m}, of which £0.1m (FY 23: 20.1)
was presented within non-current assets on the face of the consolidated statement of financial position. These costs are recognised in
the consolidated statement of comorehensive income at the point of revenue recognition for fixed-fee milestone projects or are amortised
to the consolidated income statement over the licence period for non-distinct software implementation costs. An expense of £1.1m.

(FY 23: £1.5m) has been recognised in the consolicated statement of comprehensive income in relation to capitalised contract fulfilment
costs. No significant judgements have been made in determining the amount of costs to be capitalised, which primarity comprise costs
within scone of IAS 19 Employee Benefits.

Contract receivables are recognised in accrued income and relate to salislied performance obligations recognised and not invoiced at
the year end. All such contract receivables are expected to be realised within one year and are classified within current assets. Contract
receivables are recorded on a time spent basis and as performance cbligations ara met on agreed fees and day rates, billed in arrears.
These are typically short-term timing differences that are administrative in nature at each reporting date. Contract receivable payments
are due on standard terms once the invoices are raised, The contract receivables movement in the year represents these timing
differences across respective contract deliverables at each year end.

The expected credit loss calculated on accrued income was not rnaterial at the current or prior year ends. For analysis of the exposure
to credit risk at 31 March 2024, refer to note 23.

16. Cash and cash equivalents

FY 24 FY 23
one _ £'000 e000
Cash at bank 29,392 59,215
Cash and cash equivalents 29,302 59,215

Alt cash and cash equivalents held by the Group are availabte for use uy the Group with no restrictions.

alphatme.com


===== page 140 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024137

17. Trade and other payables

eva ev 29
wae Nate 00 £000
Trade payables oo —_ ~ — 4,400 5156
Accruals: 18,929 29,880
Deferred income 4,756, 796
Social security tax on share options 22 2,075 1,663
Taxation and social security 5731 4,734
Other payables 2,529 2,277
Earn-out and deferred consideration 13 10,953 16,027
‘Total amounts owed within one year - oo 46,373 60,539

Trade payables comprise amounts outstanding for trade purchases and ongsing costs. The Directors consider that the carrying amount
of trade and other payables is a reasonable approximation of their fair value. The Group's trade payables payment policy iy lo provide:
payment within the agreed terms, which is generally 30 days trom the date of receipt of invoice

The decrease in accruals reflects the payment in the year of both the FY 23 profit share and the second tranche of deferred FY 22
payments, as weil as a lower performance-adjusted bonus accrual amounts for FY 24

‘The eam-out and deferred consideration tabilty comprises the amounts due within one year relating to the Lionpoint and Shoretine
acquisitions. Refer to note 13 for further detail

Deferred income recognises contact liabilities arising fram the Group's revenue-generaling activities relating to payments received

in advance of pertormance delivered under a contract. These contract liabilities typically arise on short-term timing differences
between performance obligations in some milestone or fixed-fee contracts and their respective contracted payment schedules.

The contract liability movement in the year represents these timing differences across contracts at each year end, The following table
sef5 out the revenue recognised in the current year that relates to carry-forward contract liabilities, and the current and non-current
liabilities recognised in the current year that have been deferred to future reporting periods. Ali current deferred income is expected
to be recognised through revenue within one year, Movements in the year predominanty relate to the underlying operations of

the business, and no material contract liabilities were recognised in relation to changes in estimates or contract modifications,

There were no contract modifications in the year that resulted in the recognition of revenue from performance cbligations satisfied

in previous periods.

FY 24 FY23
Note £000 £000
Contract liabilities at the start ofthe year 719. ~~*<C*«*Ssst=Ct=<i«é
Foreign exchange movements 23) 104
Contract liabilities recognised in revenue during the year (773) (1,969)
Increase in contract liabilities during the year 1,699 776
Balance attheendofthe year ° 1719 4,912 4,009

Unperformed balances shown in the table below, represent the revenue that the Group will earn from customers when the Group
salisfies the remaining performance obligations in certain contracts. These mainly relate to Aiviq's multi-year software licence contracts
that range between one and five years, in which software access revenue is recognised over the access period.

The following table sets cut the aggregate amount of the contracted transaction price aliecated to performance obligations that are
unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied at the year-end date. Ungerformed balances relating to contracts with an expected original lfe of less
than one year are not disclosed. Simitarty, the Group has adopted the practical expecient not to disclose amounts under longer-term
contracts in which the revenue is to be invoiced on agreed day rates. Revenue from unperformed performance obligations is expected
to be recognised in the following timeframes:

Fy 24 FY 23

a 7 goo £000
To be undertaken and recognised within one year _ 2.589 4,373
To be undertaken and recognised between one and three years 3,337 2,287
To be undertaken and recognised after three years 2,310 4,614
Total unperformed performance obligations _ —_ — —_ gage «8248

alphatinc.com

z
z
a
3
2
=
g
2
g
3
3
3
a



===== page 141 =====
138 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Hotes ooo dated fran

18. Provisions

Social security

andsales Legal and
tax provisions other provisions Total
£000 £00 e000
Balance as at + April 2023 — ~ ee 2876 «450 3,326
Utilised - - -
Released (378) (108) (486)
Additional provisions 504 - 504
Foreign exchange movements (85) a) (38)
Balance as at31March2024. - - 2,967 ‘343,308

Within social security tax and sales tax provisions is a £1.4m (FY 23: £1.4m) provision relating to historical pre-AIM admission potential
tax treatments and an additional £1.1m (FY 23: £1.5m) relating to further potential social security tax exposuras. An amount of £0.5m
has been provided for in the year relating to US sales taxes, folowing an internal review. The amount and timing of these social security
and sales tax provisions are subject to uncertainty. A final position agreed with a tax authority or through the expiry of a tax audit period
could differ from the estimated provision,

Legal and other provisions comprise £0.1m (FY 28: £0.3:7) of dilapidation provisions in respect of the Group's leased offices and £0.2m
(FY 23; £0.2m} relating to ongoing legal claims. The legal and other provisions at 31 March 2024 represents the most probable outcome
of these claims at the balance sheet date,

Given the uncertainty, a range of ouicornes is possible in relation to these provisions. The Directors consider the cash outflows in
relation to recognised provisions could reasonably range between £1.4m and £6.6m.,

19. Other non-current liabilities

FY 24 FY 23

£000 £000
Eam-out and deferred consideration oe i “3 4661S«,922
Deferred income 156 213
Social security tax on share options 22 1,432 1,640
Other non-current liabilities - 625
Total amounts owed after one year 7 ° 3,149 11,400

Earn-out and deferred consideration relates to future deferred and contingent earn-out payments to be made for the acquisition of
Lienpoint and Shoreline. Given the passage of time, the thir¢ Lionpoint deferred and contingent consideration payments now fail due
within 12 months from the balance sheet date. Refer to note 13 for further detail.

Deterred income recognises contract liabilities arising from the Group's revenue-generating activities relating to payments received in
advance of performance delivered under a contract. Deferred income recognised as non-current entirely relates to contracts held within
the Aiviq business, where revenue is sornelimes recognised over a contractual licence period of greater than one year. For further
details refer to note 17.

Other non-current tiabilities fel} to nil in the year as the remaining deferred element of FY 23 bonuses for certain directors and senior
management globally now falls due within 12 months from the reporting date.

alphafme.com


===== page 142 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 139
20. Note to the cash flow statement
Non-cash changes
~ Lease —_ ~~
accounting
7 April additions & Other Foreign (31 March
2023 Cash flow — mac ations: changes exchange 2024
_ oe __ £1000 £7000 e'000 £'000 £'000 £7000
Cash and cash equivalents 593.215. 8,771) ~ (1.052) 29,392
Bank borrowings - - - -
Net cash "59,215 (28,771) - 052)
Less: cashandcash equivalents = SSS=S(59,215)— 28,771 oe - 4,052 29,392)
Leases 4161) 2,297 (484) (305) 73 (2,560)
Interest and bank loan fees - 1,254 - (1,254) - -
Liabilities arising from financing _ 4161) 3,551 (464) (1,589) 73 (2,560)
Non-cash changes
Lease a
accounting
1 April additions & Other Foreign 31 March:
2022 Cash tiow modifications changes exchange 2023
£'000 £000, £000 £000 £'000
Cash and cash equivalents — oe 63,516 (7,823) a 920 59,215
Bank borror - - - - - -
Netcash — 7 63,516 (7,323) —_ 3,022 59,215
Lees: cash and cash equivaients "63s 7,323. - - (8.022) (69.218)
Leases (2,409) 4,831 2,854) 216) (213) (4,161)
Interest and bank loan fees - 482 - (482) = -
Liabilities arising from financing (2,409) 2,013 (2,854) (698) (213) (4,161)
21. Called up share capital
FY 2a FY 23
Number Number
Allotted, called up and fully p - a 7 - —_ —
Ordinary 0.075p shares (1 vote per share) 422,009,736 120,509,736
FY 24 Fy23
£
Allotted, called up and tully paid 7 ~ ~ oO
Ordinary 0.075p shares (1 vote per share) 91,507 90,382
Movements in share capital during the year ended 31 March 2024:
£
Balance as at 1 April 2023 OO oo "90,382
120,509,726 ordinary shares of 0.075 each
Issued shares 6 1125
Balance as at 31 March 2024 ° ~ “" 91,507-

122,009,736 ordinary shares of 0.075p each

() During the year, a total of 1,500,000 ordinary shares were issued by the Group, all of which were issued to the employee benefit

trust ("EBT") for future satisfaction of share option awards.

alphafme.com

Fi
FA
3
a
2
2
&
z
3
3
2
&



===== page 143 =====
140 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

idates

ancial state:

21. Cailed up share capital continued

Alpha employee benefit trust

The Group held 7,537,366 {FY 23: 6,274,380) shares in the EBT, comprising snares nelc to satisty share options granted under its joint
share ownership plan (\JSOP") or unaliocated ordinary shares to satisfy share options granted under the Group’s ather share option
plans. The EBT has waived all dividend and voting rights in respect of these shares. Therefore, the number of shares with exercisable
voting rights at 31 March 2024 was 114,472,370 (FY 23: 114,235,356).

During the year, 1,500,000 ordinary shares were transferred by the Company to the EBT for potential future satisfaction of share
incentive olans through the issuance of new shares at nominal value. Further, the EBT purchased a total of 1,035,154 shates from
the market in the year for a total of £3.8m, which was funded by the Group and is accounted for as a deduction from other reserves.

in the year, 1,272,168 shares held in the EBT were utilised for employee share opticn exercises,

Treasury shares
The Group held nil FY 23: nil) shares in treasury.

22, Share-based payments

The Group has adopted a globally consistent share incentive plan approach, which is implemented using efficient jurisdiction specific
plans, as appropriate,

The management incentive plan
The Group has a management incentive plan (°MIP") to retain and incentivise directors and senior management. The MIP consists of
tour parts: part A of which will enable the granting of enterprise management incentive and non-tax advantaged options to acquire
shares; part B of which will snable the awarding of JSOPs; part C of which will enable the awarding of restricted stock units (*RSUs")
for participants in the US; and part D of which will enable the awarding of RSUs in France (together the “options”

in prior years, the majority of options granted to certain directors and senior management of the Group were subject to the fulfilment
of three or more of the following performance conditions: (a) the Group achieving adjusted EPS growth of 1.0% or mora to trigger a
maximum award, or 10.0% to trigger a 66% award, with a linear application of awards hetween these levels: (b) the Group achieving
@ total shareholder return ("TSR") over three years in excess of the mean TSR delivered by a peer group of compatable companies;
c) personal adherence to corporate values and risk policy; and {d) specific business unit EBITDA, or other personal targets and goals.

As disclosed last year, the Remuneration Committee approved performance conditions for FY 23 awards, which further modified the
adjusted EPS growth range set out above to reflect the growth of the Group since AIM admission. The criteria for these share incentive
awards to certain directors and senior management of the Group, depending on the individual and thelr role, include: fa) the Grou
achieving adjusted EPS growth of 11.25% or more to trigger a maximum award, or 7.5% to trigger a 66% award, with a linear application
ot awards between these levels; (b) personal adherence to corperate values and risk policy; and {c) speoitic business unit ELIDA,

or other personal targets and goals. These criteria were also applied to FY 24 awards granted in the year.

‘Awards to senior management also contain a market condition requiring the Group to achieve a TSR over three years in excess of the
mean TSR delivered by a peer group af comparable companies.

MIP awards have either nominal or minimal exercise price payable in order to acquire shares pursuant to options. MIP awards have
either three- or four-year vesting periods from the date of grant and are usually equity settled.

The employee incentive plan

In addition to the MIP, the Board has previously out in place a medium-term employee incentive plan ("EIP"), Under the EIP, a broad
base of the Group's employees has been granted share options or share awards over a small number of shares. The EIP is structured
as is mest appropnate under the local tax, legal and regulatory rules in the key jurisdictions and therefore varies between those
jurisdictions. No EIP awards were made in the current or prior years.

Movements in the year

During the year onded 31 March 2024, a total of 2,805,590 share option and award grants were mace to employees and senior management
(FY 23: 3,183,014). The weightad average of the estimated fair values of these options awarded In the yaar is £3.23 per share (FY 23: £3.14),

During the year 3,231,673 MIP and EIP awards vested following the satisfaction of performance conditions. The performance conditions
relating to EPS growth and total shareholder return exceeding a basket of comparable companies over three years to the vesting date
were met in full and the relevant local regional or individual budgetary performance conditions were met in full or part, in their respective
year of grant. Of these vested awaras, 1,148,787 have been exercised, with a further 229.798 awards that vested in previous periods
also exercised in the year, Of these total 1,378,585 options exercised, the Group settled 1,272,168 through shares transferred from the
Group's EBT, with a further 106,417 options retained for net tax settlement. The weighted average share price at the date of these
exercises was £3.80.

alphatme.com


===== page 144 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 144

During the year, 195,201 share options were forfeited or as a result of ieavers before vesting,

Of the 2,129,394 share options exercisable at the year end, 2,082,886 share options vested in the year. The remaining vested award
holders nave a further six to seven-year period, from the date of vesting, in which to exercise their vested awards.

Derails of the share option awards made are as follows:

FY 24
- Number
Outstanding at the beginning of the year : " 9,996,040
Granted during the year 2,805,590
Exercised during the year 1,378,585)
Forfeited during the year (198,201)
Expired during the year -
Outstanding at the year end — ; 11,227,844
Exercisable at the year end 2,129,394

The weighted average exercise price for all options outstanding in both the current and prior years was nominal. The options
outstanding as at 31 March 2024 had a weighted average remaining contractual life of 1.2 years (FY 23: 1.7 years),

During the year ended 31 March 2024, options were granted in July 2023 and January 2024 to certain employees and senior management.

MIP share options with an external market condition were valued at award using the Monte Carlo option pricing model. The model
simulates a variety of possible results, across 10,000 iterations for each of the options, by substituting a range of values for any factor
that has inherent uncertainty over a number cf scenarios using a different set of random values from the probability functions. The model
takes any market-based performance Conditions into account anc adjusts the fair value of the options based on the likethood of meeting
the stated vesting conditions.

zZ
Z
a
5
om
a
2
Fy
&
3
g
+

MIP share options without external market conditions and EIP snare options were valued at award using a Black-Scholes modet,

The inputs to these models in the period were as follows:

FY 24
Weighted average share price at grant date _ _ 93.98
Exercise price Nominal
Volatility 26.42%
Weighted average share option life 4 years
Risk free rate 4.93%
Expected dividend yield 3.00%

Volatility is calculated based on the relative rate at which Alpna's share price moves up and down, It is derived from calculating the
annualised standard deviation of the daily changes in share price. The expected expense calculated in the model has been adjusted,
based on management's best estimate, for the effects of non-market-hased performance conditions and employes attrition.

The Group recognised a total expense of £7.3m (FY 23: £8.0m) in the current year, comprising £6.7m (FY 23: £7,0m} in relation to
equity-settled share-based payments, and £0,6m (FY 23; £1.0m) relating to relevant social security taxes.

Given the more challenging market environment and the Group's performance in FY 24, in April 2024, the Remuneration Committee
considered the vesting of FY 24 awards to Executive Directors and senior management of the Group. it was determingd that the overall
vesting levels of the FY 24 share options awards would be significantly lower than FY 23, This has been reflected in the calculation of the
share-based payment charge in the year as well as the associated social security costs. Refer to the Remuneration Committee report on
p. 85 for further details.

The combined carrying value of current and non-current liabilities retating to social security tax on share options as at $1 March 2024

is £3.5m (FY 23: £3,3m} of which £2.1m was current and £1.4m was non-current. A £0.6m charge was recognised in the consolidated
statement of comprehensive income in the year, offset by £0.4m of payments, Assumptions associated with the calculation of the social
security tax ability due on vesting of share options include an estimation of the forward-looking share price at the vesting date based
on analyst research and applicable future tax rates. For these purposes, the share price is updated at each reporting period to reflect
historical trends, and is assumed to grow in iine with the estimated future performance of the business.

if the estimated future share price assumption were to increase by 30%, the social security costs in the period would increase by £0.4m.
Were the share price assumption to reduce by 30% the charge would reduce by £0.4m.

If the estimated number of share options expected to forfett annually were to decrease by 3% tor all outstanding share options. the
share-based payment charge in the year would increase oy £0./m. if estimated annual farteits ware to increase by 3%, the charge
in the year would reduce by £0,7m.

alphatme.com


===== page 145 =====
442 Annuai Report & Accounts 2024

‘he consolidated ti. statements”

23. Financial instruments
Carrying amount of financial instruments
The carrying amounts of the financial assets and fiabilities inciude:

FY 24 FY 23
£°000 £000
Financial assets measured at amortised ‘cost 7 . —— ~~ ~ °
Cash and cash equivalents 29,392 59,215
Trade and other receivables (i) 38,954 31,028
Total financial assets measured at amortised cost _ — 68,346 90,243
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
Trade and other payables tip (25,858) (87.313)
Lease liabilities {2,560} (4,161)
Other nos rent fiabilities (i) (625)
Total financial liabilities measured at amortised cost — — (28,418) (42,099)
Financial liabilities measured at fair value
Earn-out and deterred consideration (12,514) (24,049)
Derivative financial liabilities et) -
Totat financial liabilities measured at fair value (12,535) (24,949)

5) Trade and other receivables (note 15) as presented in the table above exclude capitalised contract fulfilment costs and prepayments
as these are non-financial assets.

ii) Trade anc ether payables (note 17) and other non-current liabilities (note 19) in the table above exclude deferred income. social
security tax on share options, and taxation and other social security as these are non-financial liabilities. Earn-oul and deferred
consideration liabilities are presented as a separate line item in the table above.

The baok value of the financial instruments is deemed te be approximate to fair value. There has been no impairment loss recognised in
the current or prior years in respect of financia! assets.

The Group’s financia’ instruments comprise cash and cash equivalents, items such as trade payables and trade receivables that arise
directly ‘rom ts operations, and bank borrowings. These financial instruments arise in the ordinary course of business and their main
purpose is to provide finance for the Group's operations.

The Group's operations expose it to a variety of financial risks including market risk, credit risk, liquidity risk, interest rate risk and foreign
currency exchange rate risk. The Board has overall responsibility for internal contral and risk management by the Group, In this structure,
the Audit and Risk Committee manages the processes of reviewing the quality of internal controls that are related to the financial
performance of the Group, as delegated by the Board. The policies set by the Board of Directors are implernented by the Company's
finance team.

Market risk
Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, including foreign exchange and interest rates, will affect the Group’s income or
the value of financial instruments neld at the year snd, The Directors do not consider this to be a significant risk to the Group.

inflation risk is the risk that the increased rate of inflation in the market will have a material impact on the Group's ‘orecasted cash flows.
The Group has therefore considered current and plausib’e inflation levels when forecasting future cash flows. The Group does not believe
that inflationary pressures represent a material risk to the Group's financial position at the balance sheet date,

alphafme.com


===== page 146 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 143.

Credit risk

The Group's credit risk is primarily attrioutable to potential default on its trade receivables. The Group considers a default to have
occurred when a balance is over 90 days overdue and there is no realistic prospect of payment. The Group has policies that require
appropriate credit checks on potential customers before sales are made.

The Group has provided for a lifetime expected credit loss against the trade receivables calance at the balance sheet date. The likelihood
of default is assessed by reference to the ageing category of the receivables, Refer to note 15 for further details, Were the expected
credit loss rates applied to receivables by the Group to increase by 1% for each ageing category, the resulting additional credit loss to
the Group would be £0.3m.

Interest rate risk

‘The Group has interest-bearing assets and liabilities. interest-bearing assets comprise only cash and cash equivalents that earn interest
at a variable rate. The Group's revolving crecit facility incurs a variable rate of interest.

If the variable interest rate applicable to the Group's revolving credit facility had been SCO bps higher in the year ended 31 March 2024,
finance expenses would have increased by £0.3m.

Liquidity risk
The Group maintains a committed ROF alongside its cash balances, designed to ensure that it has sufficient available funds for operations
and planned expansions. The Group monitors its levels of working capital to ensure that it can meet its Kabilities as they fall due.

The concentration of liquidity risk is primarily around acauisition-related payments the Group is committed to make over the next several
years, The Group's cash and RCF facility are expected to be more than sufficient to cover these liabilities as they fall due. Refer to
note 13 for further detail of these acquisition fabilities.

The Group's current trade payables, accruals and other payables totalling £25.9m are expected to be paid within six months of the
balance sheet date. Of the gross undiscounted amounts payable in relation to earn-out and deferred consideration, £11.3m is expected
to be paid within six months of the balance sheet date, £1.1m is expected to be paid between 12 and 18 months of the balance sheet
date, with the remainder of £1.0m to be paid across FY 27, FY 28 and FY 29. A separate maturity analysis of the Group's lease liabilities
is disclosed in note 7.

3
Fa
3
2
2
g
3
s
EY
Fy

a

Financial risk and fair yalue measurement

The Group is liable for contingent earn-out payments on the acquisition of Lionpoint and Shoreline and, as at 31 March 2024, holds a
liability that represents the fair value of amounts that may become payable. The disclosures below exclude amounts classified as
employment-linked,

The fair value is determined by estimating the expected payment, discounted to present value using a risk-adjusted discount rate,

The expected payment is determined separately in respect of each earn-out agreement, taking into consideration the expected jevel of
financial performance of each acquisition against agreed contractual earn-out terms. An undiscounted expected payment of $11.2m
(£8.9m} has been discounted at 4.2% relating to outstanding contingent consideration on the Lionpoint acquisition, which is payable in
FY 26. A further AUD 2.0m (£1.0m} of contingent consideration relating to the Shoreline acquisition has been discounted at 15.9%,
falling due across the next four years,

The Group has assessed the estimation uncertainty of the liability held in relation to contingent consideration. The fair value of
acquisition earn-outs is no longer considered to be an area of significant estimation uncertainty given proximity to and more certainty
around the final Lionpoint earn-out payment, which is reflected in the lower discount rate used.

The fair value of the earn-out liability held in relation cf Shoreline is also not considered to have a material level of estimation uncertainty
given the size of the liability, The Directors consider ths undiscounted future contingent consideration payable in respect of the Shoreline
acquisition could reasonably range between Snil and £1.0m.

Foreign currency exchange rate risk
The Group is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk mainly as a rasult of trade receivables and payables that will be settled in
euros and US dollars, as well as Lionpoint acquisition liabilities that are recorded in US dollars and the Shoreline acquisition liabilities
that are recorded in Australian dollars. The Group uses available currency resources te help mitigate exposures.

Dunng the year, the Group entered into an FX swap derivative contract in order to manage the Group's currency requirements alongside
the foreign exchange exposure arising from the Lionpaint acquisition liabilittes denominated in US dollars, The near leg of the swap was
settled in November 2023, with the Group selling $10.0m in return for £7.9m at the brevailing spot rate of 1.26, The far |eg of the swap to
be settled in August 2024 requires the Group to sell £7.9m in return for $10.0m at a forward rate of 1.26, The Group has measured this
derivative at fair value through profit and loss, in line with the requirements of IFRS 9, and has not formally designated this derivative to
qualify for hedge accounting. The derivative had a negligibdie fair value at the balance sheet date.

alphafme.com


===== page 147 =====
444 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

er ores

Notes t-

idated firanc

23. Financial instruments continued

The impact on the Group's net fee income ansing from a 5% adverse movement in all foreign exchange rates relevant to the Group
would be £6.9m (2.9%) in FY 24, The same sensitivity would algo result in a decrease in the Group's net assets of £4.5m.

GBP EUR usD CHF sGD NOK DKK AUD CAD RSD HKD AED
FY 24 ‘000 “000 000, “000 000, 000 000 ‘000, “000 "000 ‘000 “000
Trade receivables 10786 4832 22,209 506 52 - 4289 1208 107 - =  —
Cash 3566 8,280 9.989 850. «2.001 «63_««.OIS. «2665 10,793 9660 19 -
Trade payables (2,894 36) (1,192) 1) (73) - 173) 38) CY
Net amount 11,458 12,776 31,006 1,245 1,980 —«G3._—*14,163 «3,691 10,864 9,597 (5)_——(60)

GBP EUR usD CHF s@D DKK AUD CAD RSD HKD AED
FY 23 000 ‘000, “000 0 100 000 ‘000, ‘000 7000 “000
Trade receivabies 982 4,659 13,362 1,344 804. yee 422000¢«SB
Cash 6881 11,432 47,344 769 1,806 ai 3,368 257 4,513, 14 -
‘Trade payables (2,861) (791) 1,774) (48) (2) - (17) (90) (48) (435) (12) -
Net amount 13,212 15,200 58,992 2,065 2,308 1373 2,718 4,507 525 4,078 20

24. Capital risk management

The Group's objectives when managing capital are to safeguard its ability to continue as a going concer, provide returns for
shareholders and maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

The Group defines capital as being share capital plus all reserves, which amounted to £148.5m as at 31 March 2024 (FY 23: £149.3m).
The Board of Directors monitors the level of capital as compared to the Group's long-term debt commitments and adjusts the ratio of
debt to capital as is determined to be necessary, by issuing new shares, reducing or increasing debt, paying dividends and returning
capital to shareholders. The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements.

25. Related party disclosures

Related parties, following the definitions within IAS 24, are the Group's subsidiary companies, members of the Board, key management
personnel and their families, and shareholders wno have contro! or significant influence over the Group.

The Group considers key management personnel, as defined under IAS 24 Related Party Disclosures, to be the Company's Directors
and certain members of the Group's senior management team that report into the Group Coordination Committee as detailed on 9. 74.
Further disclosures are set out in the Remuneration Committee report on pp 84-94 and in note S. There were no transactions within the
year in which the Directors had any interest.

Transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries are on an arm’s length basis and have been eliminated on consolidation and
are not disclosed in this note. None of the Group's shareholders are deemed to have control or significant influence and therefore are
not classified as related parties for the purposes of this note.

26. Ultimate controlling party

As at 31 March 2024 there is ne ultimate controlling party of the Group. The largest shareholders in the Group are set out in the
Directors’ Report and are also published at alphafme.com/investors/aim-rule-26.

27. Events after the reporting period

On 20 June 2024, the Board of Directors announced a recemmended cash offer to acquire the Group by Actium Bidco (UK) Limited,
a newly incorporated indirect subsidiary of certain funds managed by Bridgepoint Advisers Limited, which is expacted to be implemented

by way of a scheme of arrangement.

alphaime.com


===== page 148 =====
ampacy star
As at 31 March 2024

Asat
31 March 2024
£7001

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 145

Asat
31 March 2023

_ oo Note “£000
Assets ~ —— eee ~
Non-current assets:
Investments 2 70,493 1,344
Deferred tax assets 4 560 4,028
Amounts owed by Group undertakings 2 90,662 165,012
Jotalnon-currentassets SS 161,715 167,384
Current assets: —— a ee ~~ ~~
Trade and other receivables 5 398 68
Corporation tax 264 303
Cash and cash equivaients 6 23 205
Totalcurrentassets 6a 636
Currentliabiliies ~ ~ a :
Trade and other 7 (1,957) (14,407)
Total current lial ~ 7 “"7,987) (14,407)
— a ~~ ~ 4,272) 7 (13,771)
Non-current I a _ ~ 7
Other non-current liabilities, 26) 67)
Total non-current liabilities ee a ee)
Net assets oe 160,417 159,556
Equity
issued share capital 92 90
Share premium 119,438 119,438
Other reserves 16,094 13,946
Retained earnings 24,793 (20,082
Total sharehotders' equity . 460,417 189,556

As permitted by Section 408 of the Companies Act 2006, a separate statement of comprehensive income of the parent Company has
not been presented. The parent Company's profit for the year was £21.0m.

The notes on pp 147-153 form part of these financial statements. These financial statements were approved and authorised for issue
by the Board of Directors on 20 June 2024. They were signed on its behalf by’

Lue MJ Baquée John C Paton

Chief Executive Off:cer

Company registered number: 09965297

Chief Financial Officer

alphatme.com

2
z
z
8
2
Es
2
5
2
Fy
2
Fy



===== page 149 =====
146 = Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Courecany stateme. cox niqges mm equity

For the year ended 31 March 2024

Issued share Share Other Retained sharehotion!
capital premium reserves earnings equity
£000, 2000 f'000, £000 £000

Asat1 April 2022 _ - — a <) 119,438 09,224 17,420 146,171
Comprehensive income ~ _ : —_ ~— ~
Profit for the year - - - 1,437 18.437
Transactions with owners
Shares issued (equity) 1 - - a -
Share-based payment charge - - 7.023 - 7.023
Net settlement of vested share options - - 343) - (343)
Purchase of own shares by the EBT - - 4,139) - (1,139)
Current tax recognised in equity - - 276 - 276
Deferred tax recognised in equity - ~ (1,095) - (1,095)
Dividends - - - (12,74) (12,778
As at 31 March 2023 90 119,438, 13,948 20,082 153,556
Comprehensive income
Profit for the year - - - 20,959 20,958
Transactions with owners
Shares issued (equity) 2 - - (2) -
Share-based payment charge - - 6,663 - 6,663
Net settlement of vested share options - - (487) - (487)
Purchase of own shares by the EBT - - (843) - 3,843)
Current tax recognised in equity - - 162 - 162
Deferred tax recognised in equity - - 77) - @77)
Dividends - - - (16,248)
As at 31 March 2024 “en 119,438 “16095-24793 —+160,417

Issued share capital
Issued share capital represents the nominat value of share capital subscribed.

Share premium

‘The share premium account is used to record the aggregate value of premiums paid when the Company's shares are issued at a

premium, net of associated share issuance costs.

Other reserves

The other reserves represent the cumulative fair value of the IFRS 2 share-oased| payment charge recognised for the Group each year,
associated current tax, deferred tax and net settlement of vested share options, oquity-settled acquisition consideration reserves,
and purchases of the Company's own shares by the employee benefit trust (‘EBT’).

Retained earnings

The retained earnings reserve represents cumulative net grofits and losses recognised in the statement of comprehensive income,

less dividends paid.

aiphafmc.com


===== page 150 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 147

1. Summary of significant accounting policies

General information

Alpha Financial Markets Consuiting pic (the "Company’") is a public company incorporated, domiciled and registered in England,
in the UK. The registered number is 09965297 and the registered address is 60 Gresnam Street, London, EC2V 78B.

The parent company financial statements present information about the Company as a Separate entity and not about the consolidated Group.

Basis of preparation
These financial statements were prepared in accordance with FRS 101.

In preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement and disclosure requirements of
International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS"}, but makes amendments where necessary in order to comply with ths Companies
Act 2008 and has set out below where advantage of the FAS 107 disciosure exemptions nas been taken.

In these financial statements, the Compary hes applied the exemptions available under FRS 101 in respect of the following disclosures:
- A cash flow statement and related notes;
Comparative period reconciliations for share capital, tangibie fixed assets, intangible assets and investment properties;
Disclosures in respect of transactions with wholly owned suosiciaries;
— Disclosures in respect of capital management;
— The atfects of naw but not yet effective IFRS:
The requirements of paragraphs 17 and 184 of IAS 24 Related Party Disciosures; and

The requirements in IAS 24 to disclose related party transactions entered into between two or more members of a group, provided
that any subsidiary which is a party to the transaction is wholly owned by such a member.

As the consolidated financial statements of the Group include the equivalent disc/osures, the Company has also taken the exemptions
under FRS 101 available in respect of the following disclosures:

The requirements of IFRS 2 Share-Gased Payment in respect of Group settled share-based payments; and
~ The requirements of FRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures,

The Company financial statements are prepared on the histcrical cost basis. Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale are
stated at the lower of the carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell.

The presentational currency of these financial statements and the functional currency of tie Company is pounds sterling. All amounts
in these financial statements have been rounded to the nearest £1,000.

Going concern

The Directors have, at the time of approving the financial statemenis, a reasonable expectation that the Company and the Group have
adequate resources to continue in operation for the foreseeable future. For further details olease refer to note 1 of the Group's
consolidated financial statements.

Principat accounting policies

The accounting policies set out on pp 147-148 have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods presented

in these Company financiat statements.

Significant wagements ard estimates

The preparation of financial information in accordance with IFRS requires management to make judgements, estimates and
assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses.
The Directors have made no judgements, excluding those invalving estimations, in the process of applying the Company's accounting
policies that are considered to have a significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements for the year ended

31 March 2024.

The Directors consider that there is no ratesial level of estimation uncertainty associated with the Company's financial statements
at the balance sheet date.

ves

Investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost less any provision for impairment. The Company monitors for indicators cf impairment
throughout the reporting period, and a full impairment assessment is performed on an annual basis. or more frequently where such
indicators exist.

The Company applies a book-value method of transferring contro! of subsidiaries between the Company and its wholly owned
subsidiaries. All entities involved in the transfer are part of a wider economic group, aré related parties within the Group, and are
transferred at a value equal to the book value of the investment held relating to the transferred company at the date of transfer.

alphatme.com

a
s
a
3
2
2
@
Fy
g
Z
3
3
&



===== page 151 =====
148 = Annual Report & Accounts 2024

SON Ears

1. Summary of significant accounting policies cori iued

Divactevser

Group dividends proposed by the Board are recognised in the financial statements when they have been approved by shareholders at the
AGM. Interim dividends are recognised when they are paid.

Amounts owed 2y Group undertakings

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair vaiue and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less provision
for impairment. A provision for impairment of intercompany receivables is established using an expected crecit loss model. Amounts owed
by Group undertakings are presented within non-current receivables where they are not expected to be settled within the Group's
normal operating cycle.

Amounis owe

2 Group undertakings

Amounts owed to Group undertakings, presented in trade and cther payables, are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently
measured at amortised cost.

Employes benefits

The cost of share-based employee compensation arrangements, whereby employees receive remuneration in the form of shares or
share options, is recognised as an employee benefit excense in the statement of profit or loss

The total expense to be apportioned over the vesting period of the benefit is determined by reference to the fair value (excluding the
effect of non-market-based vesting conditions) at the date of grant,

In determining the fair value of share-based payments under IFRS 2, management has considered a number of internal and external
factors in order to judge the probability that management and employee shave incentives may vest. Such judgements involve estimating
future performance and other non-market-based factors.

At the end of each reporting period the assumptions underlying the number of awards expected to vest are adjusted for the effects
of nen-markel-based vesting conditions to reflect the conditions prevailing at that date, The impact ef any revisions te the original
estimates is recognised in profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to equity, Fair value is measured by the use of a binomial
model. The assumptions have been adjusted, based on management's best estimale, for the effects af non-transferabilty, lack of
dividend until vesting and exercise restrictions,

The fair value calculations have been externally assessed as reasonable in the circumstances.

‘The Company applies an intra-group recharge arrangement to the share-based payments charge relating to employees of other
entities within the wider Group, to reflect the benefits received by the respective entity in relation to employees granted share options.

The Company is deemed to be the settling entity in the intra-group arrangement, as share options granted are in relation to ordinary
shares of the Company, and recognises the share-based payments charge far the full Group in cther reserves, The Company's
subsidiaries are considered to be the receiving enlilies in the arrangement, in line with the benefit received for services provided
through ongoing employment.

Amounts relating to employees who provide services directly to the Company are recorded as an eauity-settled share-based payment
charge through the Company's statement of comprehensive income and are not recharged.

The remaining charge in relation to employees who provide services to other Group entities is initially recognised as an investment in
subsidiaries and is simultaneously reversed upon the recharge of this cost to the receiving entity through amounts owed by Group
undertakings. This charge is recognised within the profit and loss of the relevant receiving entities. The Company presents these
movements in investments on a net basis within note 2

For further details on the background to share-based payment plans and disclosures, please refer to note 22 of the Group's
consolidated financial statements.
Shares held m treasury or by Alpia’s employee benefit trust

Shares held in treasury or by Alpha's employe benefil trust ("EBT") consist of ordinary shares in Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ole.
These shares are recorded at cost and are deducted from equity.

Other significant accounting poueies

Other significant accounting policies are consistent with those presented within the notes to the Group's conselidated financial statements,
Changes in accounting poticies

Several standards, interpretations and amendments to existing standards became effective for the year ended 31 March 2024,
or will become effective in subsequent periods, as detailed on p. 119 of the Group accounts, none of which had a material impact
on the Company.

alphatme.com


===== page 152 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 149

2. Investments and amounts owed by Group undertakings

Amounts
‘owed by
investments in Group
subsidiaries undertakings
£'000 £000
Cost BO BO 7 BS ~~ e
As att April 2022 1,344 144,689,
Additions - 27,608
Repayments - (7,407)
Foreign exchange - 72
Asat3i March 2028 agg 5,018
Additions 204,029 25,560
Repayments - (99,535)
Foreign exchange oe - @5)
Asat31March2024 saa 9,002
impairment
As at 1 April 2022 - -
Impairment charge ~ -
Asat31March2028 00 Bo re
Impairment charge (134,880) 340)
AsatSiMarch2024 es ———Ci‘“‘CS™SC*C*C*S™CéNVABOY GAY
Net book value as at 31 March 2024 70,493 90,662

Net book value as at 34 March 2023

During the year, amounts recognised in relation to the share-based payment charge, which are subsequently reversed through
intra-group racharge errangements, were £6.8m (FY 23: £5.8mn}. These amounts are presented net in the tabie above in line with
the Company's accounting policies.

In October 2023, a number of transactions were undertaken as part of a project to simplify the holding company structure within

the Alpha Group. Additions to investments in subsidiaries of £204.0m include $69.1 arising from the issue of new shares in the
Company's subsidiaries, Promissory notes wers issued in consideration for the issue of the new shares, resulting in a corresponding
decrease in the amounts owed by Group undertakings. Also included within additions is £134.9m arising from the distributions in specie
of shares in other Group companies received from the Company's subsidianes.

The impairment of investments in subsidiaries of £134.9m recognised in the year effectively reverses the income received from the
distributions in specie that gave rise to the same investments. This impairment charge relates to four legacy holding companies, which
are now dormant and have no remaining economic value, and therefore the recoverable amount of these investments is nil. The investments
in these companies have been fully impaired ang their net book value at 31 March 2024 is nil. These companies are now in members!
voluntary liquidation,

Following these transactions, there is no overall change in the total economic value of the subsidiaries owned airectly or indirectly by the
Company, with the increase in the value of investments in subsidiaries offset by a corresponding decrease in amounts owed by Group
undertakings. Similarly, there is a net impact an retained earnings

The undertakings in which the Group and Company had interest at the year end of more than 20% are as follows:

Ctass ana Class and
percentage of percentage of
‘Country of Registered shares held - shares held —
Subsidiary undertakings ___— incorporation address __Principal activity == 31 March 2024 31.March 2028
Alpha FMC Trustee Limited UK 1 Dormant 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Midco Limited** UK 1 Dormant 160% ordinary 100% ordinary
Aipha FMC Midco 2 Limited** UK 1 Dormant 106% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited UK 4 Intermediate hoiding company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Group Hoidings Limited UK 1 Dormant 100% ordinary — 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Group Nominees Limited UK 1 Dormant 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Group Limited** UK 1 Dormant 106% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consu'ting A.
Group Limited UK 1 intermediate holding company 100% ordinary 109% ordinary

26 “hase corpames were rrgnuers woRuntary Nolita as a1 March 2028 ang rersan in pausaton abst ne date of this revert Trase compares are bang beaidater 2 apy the
histoneal holding company structure vata tne Grou:

alphatme.com

2
3
Fe
3
8
gE
g
2
H
&



===== page 153 =====
2. Investments and amounts owed by Group undertakings continued

Subsidiary undertakings _ _
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
UK Limited

Alpha Technology Services
Consulting Limited

Aiviq Limited

Alpha Financial Markets
Consulting, tne.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
SAS.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
(Luxembourg) S.A.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Netherlands BV.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Switzerland S.A.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Germany GmbH

Alpha Financiat Markets Consulting
Singapore Pte. Ltd.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Hong Kong Limited

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Australia PTY Limited

Axxsys Limited

Axxsys Financial Software Consulting
Canada Limited

Axxsys Consulting USA Inc.
Axxsys Danmark ApS
Obsidian Solutions Limited

Alpha Technology Services
Consulting S.A.S.

Obsidian Alpha Data Solutions LLC
Belgrade

Alpha FM Consulting Canada Inc.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
(insurance) France S.A.S.

Lionpoint Holdings, Inc.
Lionpoint Group, LLC
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Lionpoint Group SA
Lionpoint Group Pty Limited
Lionpeint GmbH

Alpha Data Solutions Limited

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
MENA Lt”

Shoreline Asset and Wealth
Consulting Inc.

Shoreline Consolidated PTY Ltd**
‘Shoreline Gonsuiting Pte. Ltd.
Shoreline Consuiting PTY Ltd*®

Country of

UK

UK
UK

USA

France

Luxembourg

Netherlands

Switzeriand

Germany

Singapore

Hong Kong

Australia
UK
Canada

USA
Denmark
UK

France

Serbia
Canada
France
USA

USA

UK
Switzerland
Australia

Germany
UK

UK

Canada

Australia
Singapore
Australia

Registered
address

__lneorporation

4

12
13

16
7

18
19
20

at

22
23
22

Principal activity _

Consultancy services

Dormant
Consultancy services

Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services

Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services

Dormant
Consultancy services

Consultancy services

Consultancy services

Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services

Intermediate holding company
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consuttancy services
Consuttancy services
Consultancy services
Dormant

Consultancy services

Dormant

intermediate holding company
Consultancy services
Consultancy services

Class and
percentage of
shares held —

_31 March 2024

100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary
400% ordinary
400% ordinary
400% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
300% ordinary

400% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
400% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

Class and
percentage of
shares held -
31 March 2023

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
400% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
400% ordinary

100% ordinary

400% ordinary
300% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary
300% ordinary
400% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
400% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary

N/A

N/A
N/A
N/A

4? Alpha €MC (Newco) Limited has changed its nacre to Alpha Financial Markols Consulting MENA Ltd.

48 All Shoreline entities were acquired in May 2023.

alphafme.com


===== page 154 =====
151

Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Registered addresses
1 80 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 78B, UX

12 East 49" Street, New York, NY 10017, USA

6 Square de LOpéra Louis Jouvet, 75909 Paris, France

19/21 Route o'Arlon — bloc B, L-6009 Strassen, Luxembourg
Strozzilaan 101, Amsterdam, 1083 HN, The Netherlands
Stockerstrasse 55, 8002 Ziirich, Switzerland

Kurt - Blaum ~ Platz 8, 63450 Hanau, Germany

6A Shenton Way #04-01 Downtown Gallery, Singapore 068815

oN ean on

22/F Neich Tower, 128 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong

10 Quay Quarter Tower, 50 Bridge Street, Sycney NSW 2000, Australia

11. 1800-13401 108" Avenue. Surrey, British Columbia V3T 573, Canada

12 Incorp Services, Inc. 919 North Market Street, Suite 950, Wilmington, DE 19801
13. Flaesketorvet 68, DK-711 Copenhagen, Denmark

14 Dvadesetsedmog marta 6-6, 11080 Palilula, Belgrade, Serbia

15 Suite 1700, Park Place, 666 Burrard Street, Vancouver, BC V6C2X8, Canada

2
z
cf
2
g
s
g
S
s
i
cs

16 251 Little Fails Drive, Wilmington, Delaware 19808-1674, USA
17 8 The Green, Suite A, Daver, Delaware 19901, USA

18 Rue d'ltalie 11, 1204, Geneva, Switzerland
19 Ground Floor, 123 Walker Street, North Sydaey NSW, 2060, Australia
20 ¢/o KUNZ Rechisanwalte, Antoniterstrafe 14-16, Kdin, 50667, Germany

x

199 Bay Street, Suite 5300 Commerce Court West, Toronto, Ontario, MSL 189 Ganada
22 Accru Felsers, Level 6, 1 Chifley Square, Syciney, NSW 2000
2

3

Marina Bay Financial Centre, 8 Marina Boulevard 411-00, 018981, Singapore

3. Auditor remuneration

Amounts receivable by the Company's auditor and its associates in respect of services to the Company and its associates, other than
the audit of the Company's financial statements, have not been disciosed as the information is instead disclosed on a consolidated
basis in note 2 of the consolidated financial statements,

4. Deferred tax
Movements in deferred tax
Recognised Recognised

1 April 2023 in income inequity 31 March 2024
As at 31 March 2024 - _ £000 £'000 _£'000 £7000
Share options _ _ _ 1,028 @1) (377) 560
Deferred tax asset 1,028 (1) (377) 560

Recognised Recognised

1 April 2022 in income inequity 31 March 2023
As at 31 March 2023 7 _. _. #000 e000 0000
‘Share options . __ _ 3,213 (1,080) (1,095) 1,028
Deferred tax asset 3,213 (1,090) (1,095) 1,028

For the year ended 31 March 2024, the Company has recognised a total charge of £0.2m (FY 23: £0.8m) of tax through equity, of which
£0.4m (FY 23: £1-1m) relates to a reduction in deferred tax on share options outstanding, partly offset by a £0.2m crecit (FY 23: £0,3m)
relating to current tax on the exercise of share options.

alphafme.com



===== page 155 =====
152 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to o.s Cammpany financiabetut ats

5. Trade and other receivables

FY 24 FY 23

Prepayments

Current trade and other receivables

6. Gash and cash equivalents

Cashin bank andathand

Cash and cash equivalents

7. Trade and other payabies

Amounts owed to Group undertakings
Other payables

Social security tax on share options
Total amounts owed within one year_ ; 1,957

_14,407-

Amounts owed to Group undertakings reduced by £12.2m to £1.1m (FY 23; £13.3m) resulting from repayments of intercompany loans
during the year.

8. Other non-current liab

FY 24 FY 23
; ; _. . 7 £7000, £'000

Social security taxon share options 26 37
Total amounts owed after one year OS ~ ar ee
9. Financial instruments
Carrying amount of financial instruments
The carrying amounts of the financial assets and liahiltias include:

FY 24 FY 23

£7000 “000
Financial assets measured at amorlised cost "90,685 «165,285
Financial assets measured at historical cost 70,493 1,344
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost (1,983) (14,464)
Netfinancial assets — 159,195 482,165

The Dook value of the financial instruments is deemed to be approximate to fair value,

The Company's financial instruments comprise intercompany receivables. investments in subsidiaries, cash and trade and other
payables. These financial instruments arise in the ordinary course of business and their main purpose is to provide finance for the
Group's operations.

The Group’s operations expose it to credit risk arising from intercompany receivables. Management has overall responsibility for internal
control and risk management by the Compary. The policies set by management are implemented by the Company's finance team.

Credit risk

The Company's credit risk is primarily attributable to its intercompany receivables. The Company provides financing to other entities,
within the Group on an unsecured and typically interest-iree basis, repayable on demand. There is no collateral held on these receivable
balances. The expected crodit loss on the Company's financial assets is measured annually based on historical datapoints ana an
assessment of the forward-looking probability of default. The expected credit loss on the Company's intercompany receivables is
immaterial as at 31 March 2024.

The Directors consider the intercompany receivables to represent a low credit risk and credit risk is not considered to have increased
significantly since initiat recognition. The wider Group has a strong liquidity position and there is no current expectation by the Directors
for repayment of the intercompany balances in the short term.

atphatme.com


===== page 156 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 153

10. Share-based payments

Options under the Group's "management incentive plan" share option schemes have been granted to employees of the Company.
For further information, including the terms and conditions of these awards please refer to note 22 of the Group's consolidated
financial statements.

FY 24 FY 23 _
Weighted Weighted
average average
Exercise price remaining Exercise price remaining
ofoutstanding contractual of outstanding contractual
options life options ti
ee a Years £ Years
Management incentive plan awards Nominat 13 Nominal 14

The Company's weighted average share price at the date of exercised awards in the year was £3.50.

‘The Company recognised a share-hased payment expense in the year of £0.1m (FY 28: £1,2m}. A cradiit of £0.1m (FY 23: a charge of £0.3m)
10 the staternent of comprehensive income was recognised in relation to the realignment of the associated social security liabilities to
reflect assumptions at the year end. including the Group’s lower share price,

Alt share options granted in FY 24 will be forfeited due to the performance conditions associated with the awards not being satisfied
‘Therefore, there is no share-based payment charge or associated social security cost in relation to these awards. Refer to the
Remuneration Committee report on p. 85 for further details.

As disclosed in the FY 23 Annual Report and Accounts, Euan Fraser stepped down from the role of Chief Executive Officer and from the
Board on 31 March 2023 and remained with the Group as a strategic adviser on a part-time basis. This resulted in an acceleration to the
share-based payment charge in relation to Evan's share options in FY 23, as all employment-linked conditions attached to these options
were removed.

Assumptions associated with the calculation of the social security tax liability due on vesting of share options include an estimation ot
the forward-looking share price at the vesting date based on applicable analyst research and applicable future tax rates. For these
purposes, share price is updated at each reporting period to reflect historical levels, and is assumed to grow in line with the estimated
future performance of the business.

11. Related parties

Identity of related parties with which the Company has transacted

The Company has not engaged in any transactions with any related parties other than with wholly owned subsidiaries.
‘These transactions have not bean disclosed as the Company has taken advantage of exemptions under FRS 101

12. Events after the reporting period

On 26 June 2024, the Board of Directors announced a recommended cash offer to acquire the Company by Actium Bidico (UK) Limited,
a newly incorporated indirect subsidiary of certain funds managed by Bridgepoint Advisers Limited, which is expected to be implemented
by way of a scheme of arrangement.

alphatme.com

2
3
FA
3
2
&
¢
Fy
|
a
¢



===== page 157 =====
154 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

fags

Sua

The mission of the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board
('SASB") is to develop and dissemiraite sustainability accounting
stancards that help public corporations disclose material,
decision-useful information to investors, The Group adopts

the SASB framework as it allows organisations to provide
comparable and consistent ESG-rolated data. As 2 “professional
and commercial services’ organisation under SASB, the material
factors according to the SASB framework are as follows:

data security;
workforce diversity & engagement; and
professional integrity.

The below tables provide the numeric metrics relating to these
factors over the past 12 months where applicable, in addition to
the intemal frarneworks used to manage these risks on an angoing
basis. Further qualitative data for each of the material factors is
provided throughout the Annual Report. The Group also recognises
the increasing importance of the environment to its investors,
employees and other stakeholders, which it descrioes in addition
to the required disclosure.

Topic
Data Security

Workforce Diversity
& Engagement

Principal locations in this Annual Repert

Risk management p. 59

culture and inclusion p. 37
Social: diversity and inctusion p. 44

Professionat Integrity Sustainable business: governance
pp 41-43; and community and social

responsibility pp 44-45

ESG metrics:

Topic: Data Security

Measurement FY24 _-FY23_ _ SASBCode
Number of data breaches - - SV-PS-230a.3
Descripticn of approach to identifying and addressing data

Sv-PS-230a1

Alpha continues te monitor and maintain a robust security posture
across the organisation, Alpna seeks to address ihe ever-evolving
cyoer threat landscape by monitoring and improving, as appropriate,
global security measures and controls.

security re

The Group's IT and data seourity strategy also ensures that the
confidentiality, integrity and avaiiabilty of data is maintained and
is frequently assossed and updated to remain aligned with globat
data protection frameworks and regulations.

Aloha has identified a number of key risk areas that are regularly
monitored and considered including: the misuse of data; accidental
or intentional dissemination of data; loss, theft or compromise oF
data and/or information; incorrect data being used for internal or
external purposes; and unauthorised access of equipment and/or
physical resources.

alphafme.com

internal pole.
Alpha maintains a suite of information security policies, which
are reviewed and updated regularly. Alpha's T and information
security function recommend relevant changes and they are
approved by the senior leadership team, represented by the
Group Coordination Committee,

These policies are based upon best practice from the National
institute of Standards and Technology (“NIST”) framework,
Policies include but are net limited to:

Acceptable use;
- Access contro};
- Antivirus and threat management;
Asset management;
— Data privacy;
- Data enaryption;
- Information security training;
— Password management:
Secure development;
Wireless network policy; and
Business continuity and disaster recovery.

The information security policies attest to the responsibility,
governance and business practices that Alpha applies to the
topics surrounding IT and data security, and enable the Group to
validate information security and risk posture on a constant basis.

Semoar oversight and exec

Alpha’s Head of IT, reporting into the Group Head of Operations,
is responsiole for the oversight and management of incidents,
risks, and remedial activities pertaining to Alpha’s IT, infrastructure
and information security function. Executive sponsorship of IT and
data security in the leadership team is provided by the Group
Managing Director and day-to-day oversight is the responsibility
of the Information Security Lead.

itive sponsorship

Alpna operates an internal Information Security Management
Forum ¢'ISMP"}, chaired by the Information Security Lead. The
ISMF meets regularly to review incidents, risk and mitigation
activities across the Group. This forum is also used to identify and
oversee the activities that are required io meet security accreditations
and certifications: for example, managing activities pertaining to
Aiviq's 1SOQ-27001 certification, In the year, Aivig also successfully
obtained the Cyber Essential Plus certification.


===== page 158 =====
one an

Tah avire

All Alpha smpioyess are trained and empowered to take responsibility
for data security across the organisation. Mandatory data handing
and information security training is issued annually with a positive
pass required of each employee. This mandatory annual training
is supplemented throughout the year with security awareness
training modules, delivered electronically.

Social engineering assessments are adcitionally undertaken with
analysis and benchmarking against industry average statistics.
Further mandatory training is issued as a follow up following
completion of these assessments. Technical safeguards such as
multifactor authentication {*MFA'}, secure email gateway, secure
cloud access gateway, DMARC anti-spoofing controls and
phishing reporting are also implemented.

Cfoud Sesenty and mon.tonng
Alpha continues to adept market-leading cloud techniolagies to
ensure a multi-layered approach in defending its infrastructure,
People and data from emerging cyber threats. Using these platforms,
Alpha had deployed a broad range of technical controls around
encryption, intrusion detection and prevention, data leak prevention,
traific inspection, and threat scanning. Additionally, new technologies
are regularly evaluated as Alpha continues to assess the security
landscape and identifies potential changes in risk. Given the
Continuation of hybrid working, further invesiment has also been
made in the Group’s Endpoint protection and detection suite, which
includes best in class technologies and threat intelligence capability.

Proactive monitoring across Alpha’s core infrastructure is undertaken
iby the security operations centre {"SOC", for which Alpha leverages
a qualified third party (D0 Digita’), The SOC enables the organisation
to assess robustly alerts and events, correlate with threat
intefigence and take the appropriate course of investigation.

St mowlent and braach response

The Group Head of Legal & Corporate Affars oversees Alpha’s
protection and privacy framework, inciucing compliance with all
relevant regulations, The Group Head of Operations oversees
operational procedures aligned to that framework with support
from the IT and business support teams.

Alpha operates a unified giobal incident response and breach
management process, which ensures we are able to appropriately
assess and triage all data security incidents, and ensure that the
most effective remediation is applied. The response function
ensures the timely containment of any inciclent(s) anc impact
assessment, and handles beth internal and external notifications
(if and when required).

‘Dung the previous 12 months, there were no reportable data breaches

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 155

ae.
omen at arm,

isceid

sage, witty

Aipha fully understands its custodial obligations around protecting
intemal, employes and client information. in line with this, Alpha
has implemented and annually reviews a global data protection
policy and privacy statement, which comprises relevant privacy
Notices relating to different areas of the Business. Alpha's privacy
statment explains the tyoes of information collected and processed,
and governance of the usage attributed to this data collection,
and outlines the appropriate data retention schedules.

In accordance with the privacy staternent, Aloha collects and
processes contact and organisational information for legitimate
business purposes, safeguarded oy a Suite of technical controls
to mitigate the risk of data breaches arising from external threats.

All systems and applications are configured on a least-privilege
basis, ensuring access to data is appropriate by job function. Ail
cloud platforms are assessed at the point of implementation and
annually thereafter to assess data residenay and ongoing
compliance with the appropriate regional legislation.

To further mitigate risks associated with data handling and
security, Alpha has deployed several risk controls inciuding:

— Annual review and approval of global information security
polcies by the Group Coordination Committes;

— Executive sponsorship of 'T and data security in the leadership
team is provided by the Group Managing Director,

— Clear oversight of and responsibility jor the data protection and
privacy framework by the Global Heac of Legal & Corporate Affairs;

~ Clear lines of operational responsibility and engagement
across the global data protection governance, overseen
by the Group Head of Operations;

Training and awareness to promote good cyber hygiene and
build a security aware culture;

Social engineering assessments across the giobal workforce,
rooustly analysed to benchmark attack susceptibility against
industry averages;

Security operations centre performing real-time infrastructure
monitoring, correlating events and alerts with threat analytic
feeds and other sources of intelligence:

— Adoption of a cloud-first IT architecture model, built upon
zero-trust security princigles:

Que ailigence, vetting and annual auditing of cloud providers
\s undertaken to validate information security and risk posture
around these applications; and

— Regular external collaboration with cybersecurity specialists.

alphatme.com

QD
2p
@
o
g
Es
o
2
2
é



===== page 159 =====
156 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Sad ae

ESG metrics: continued
Topic: Workforce Diversity & Engagement”
Measurement

. SASB Code_
Percentage of gender re

SV-PS-330a

sentation

Mate Female

Level _ eveary23FY2SFY23 FY23

Directors and equivalent ~ 83.5% 85.8% 15.7% 13.3% 0.0% 0.0% 0.8% 0.9%
eee oe neers associate 70.7% 69.3% 28.5% 30.5% 0.4% 0.0% 0.4% = 0.2%
Analysts, consultants and equivatent 62.9% 37.9% 36.4% 0.0% 0.0% 1.2% 0.7%
Overall split | 68.5% 306% 31.0% 0.2% 0.0% 0.8% 0.5%
Measurement oe . . SASB Cade
Percentage of raciavathinic qroup ‘epresentation (UK) OS V-PS-33Da.t

Asian or Black or Mixed White or
__Asian British Black British background White British Other N/A

level CFV 24 OFS FYRA FYZS FY28 ~FY23 FY24 FY23 FY2a FY23 FY24 FY23
Directors and equivalent 3.2% 1.8% 18% 18% 1.6% 1.8% 75.8% 89.5% 1.6% 0.0% 16.1% 5.3%
Managers, senior managers,

associate directors 147% 156% 21% 31% 2.5% 3.1% 66.0% 676% 25% 1.8% 12.2% 9.3%

and equivalent

Analysts, consultants

and equivatent 13.3% 175% 44% 5.3% 5.7% 3.5% 58.2% 62.6% 3.8% 35% 146% 7.6%

Overall split 127% 146% 2.8% 3.8% 3.5% 9.1% 64.6% 68.4% 2.8% 2.0% 19.6% 8.2%
Measurement oe _ oe _. __, SASB Code
Percentage of raniaethnic qroup representation (North Americal SV-PS-330a.1
Black or Hispanic
_ Asian African American or Latino White Other
Level _. Fy2a FY23° FY24 FY23  FY24 FY23  FY24 FY FY 24
Directors and equivalent 91% 111% 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 75.8% 77.8% 61%
Aliotheremployees ‘18.8% 15.3% 3.2% 3.8% 23% 3.6% 42.4% 49.1% 5.1% 4.6%
Overall spiit 15.1% 14.9% 2.9% 3.2% 2.0% 3.2% 45.6% 51.6% 5.2% 4.5%
Measuroment ee a ENA VD
Voluniary tumover rate of employees 6.7% 12.2%
Employee engagement as a percentage’ 81.0% 73.5% SV-PS-330a.3

49 Gon the nature of the motncs, the percentages used as part of Ine SASS disclosure refer to total glooal headcount, 8, f6e-gensratng consultants as wall as busingss operations learns

50 Nia" refers to unkrovn, undisclosert o! praffr no! to say. An snportant part of the on-gong Gversity and inclusion initiatives at Alona is 19 endeavour to reduce the number af “N/A
(were eppropuiate) an to expand the dale Groups or which is reporting so as to provide a wiser sew of Now ils perfolming against ine topic Please sae the dvarsity and ineiusion,
action ol the report for more iformanon

5) Employee engagement data for FY 24 and FY 93 was based on tle arunymous feadback survey conducted during the year, «which all eas particioated,

alphatene.com


===== page 160 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 157

Topic: Professional Integrity
Measurement _ i oe ow FY ee FY 23 SASB Code_
‘Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with

Professionai integrity?

- - SV-PS-319a,2

somal megrity BY

motioy of approach ro.onsie ing profs
Acting with integrity 's subscribed into Alpha's core values. To support this, Aloha maintains clear policies for its employees on such
topics as anti-bribery. contidentiality. IT security and acceptable use, whistleblowing and tax evasion. Annual performance reviews
include an assessment of professional intagrity and compliance with campany policies. The Group wil continue to review its adherence
to high protessional standards and business ethics and introduce new paticies and training for its taams as appropriate for the Group's
business model and range of services.

Operating according to strong standards of transparency, honesty, business ethics and professional integrity means that Alpha is able
to identify, understand and meet consistently the high expectations of its clients and wider stakeholders, Aloha is also coghisant of its
wider relationships and is developing its approach to managing business and supplier relationships in respect of humaa rights and
ethical standards, such as through its Living Wage application

Aipha is committed to delivering the highest relationship and delivery standards to all clients and prospective clients, As part of this
commitment. the professional conduct of the Group is at all times fair and professional, premised upon:

Promoting Alpha’s services honestly and {airly:
Preserving the confidentiality and privacy of client businesses:

~ Acting lawfully and ethically at ail times; and

— Delivering projects in line with the terms of the engagement as well as ary wider services agreements,

it is the responsibility of the Alpha engagement lead, supported by the client account owner, to ensure that client expectations are met
‘on each client project. The head of each business area then oversee the engagement and satisfaction of clients with the Group's
products and service offering, ensuring that they are aligned to the Group's high professional standards.

52 "ris covers losses arsing ci. oF egal oroveadings 3geirst Aipha in conreLtion wi 1S esatIONsh wilh cients and the delwery of overesetnat serimes to techerts

alphatme.com

2
g
a
cy
Q
&
3

Ff
&

a



===== page 161 =====
158 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

SYS ar. lua:

Directors

Ken Fry
Luc Baqué
John Paton
Penny Judd
Jill May
Maeve Byrne

Company number
0g965297

Registered office
Alpha Financial Markets Consutting ple

60 Gresham Street
London EC2V 7BB

Auditor
KPMG LLP

EastWest
Tolinouse Hill
Nottingham NG1 SFS.

Registrar
Computershare

‘The Pavilions
Bridgewater Road
Bristol BS99 6ZZ

alphatme.com

Nominated Adviser
investec Bank pic

30 Gresham Street

London EC2V 70N

Joint Brokers

Joh. Berenberg, Gosster & Co.

60 Threadneedle Street
Londen EC2R BHP

Investec Bank ple

30 Gresham Street

London EC2V 7QN

Company Secretary

Georgina Shariey
company.secretary@alphatme.com
Corporate and investor website
alphatme.com/investors

Client website
alphafme.com


===== page 162 =====
mix

e007 ‘aww earbonbalancedpaper.com
Fscrcoortss | Awad pan

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ole’s commitment to enuironenental
issues +s reflected in this Annual Report, which nas been orintadt on
Magne Satin, an FSC* cartried material, Tris document was printed by
Pack Communications using its environmental prin! technology, which
minimises the mpact of printing on the enviranment, win 93% of dry
‘waste diverted trom landfll, Both the panter and the paoer mull are
regsterad to ISO 14001

Produced by

designportfolio


===== page 163 =====
Alpha FMC

60 Gresham Street
London

EC2V 7BB

+44 (0) 207 796 9300
enquiries@alphafme.com

alphafme.com

