

===== page 1 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting MENA Limited

Annual report and financial statements
Registered number 14638009
31 March 2024

*ADFTVGQ3*

Ais 14/91/2024 #254
COMPANIES HOUSE

THURSDAY


===== page 2 =====
Contents

Company information

Directors’ report

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the Directo!
Profit and loss account

Balance sheet

Staternent of changes in equity

Notes to the financial statements

rs’ report and the financial statements

won ON


===== page 3 =====
Company information

Directors

Company number

Registered office

Bankers

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting MENA Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

JC Paton (appointed 3 February 2023)
GA Cook (appointed 3 February 2023)

14638009

60 Gresham Street
London

EC2V 7BB

United Kingdom

HSBC Bank Middle East Limited
Gate Precinct, Building 2, Floor 4
Dubai International Financial Centre
Downtown District

Dubai

United Arab Emirates

Page 1


===== page 4 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting MENA Limited
Annual report and financial statements.
‘31 March 2024

Directors’ report

The Directors present their report and the financial statements for the 14-month period ended 31 March 2024.
Principal activities

The principal activity of the Company is the provision of consulting and related services to clients in the asset
management, wealth management, alternative investments and insurance industries.

Results and dividend

The Company was incorporated on 3 February 2023. For the 14-month period ended 31 March 2024 (FY 24').
the Company recorded no revenue. The Company's average headcount during the period was nil. As at 31 March
2024, the Company had one employee. Full results for the period are set out in the profit and loss account on
p.4.

During the period, no ordinary dividend payment was made to the Company's sole shareholder, Alpha Financial
Markets Consulting Group Limited. The Directors have not recommended the payment of a final dividend.
Directors

The Directors who held office during the period and at the date of this report were as follows.

JG Paton (appointed 3 February 2023)

GA Cook (appointed 3 February 2023)

Opening of branch in the United Arab Emirates

During the year, Alpha launched a branch in Abu Dhabi. Abu Dhabi is an important financial centre, and this
branch provides access to an area that is growing and transforming rapidly.

Political contributions

The Company made no political donations and incurred no political expenditure during the period.
Engagement with suppliers and customers

The Directors note the importance of fostering strong relationships with customers and suppliers through open
communication and having regard for these relationships in strategic decisions made relating to the Company.
Environmental reporting

In accordance with the Companies Act 2006 and HM Government's ‘Environmental Reporting Guidelines’, the
Company has not repeated those disclosures required in relation to the Company's environmental reporting
responsibilities (including Streamlined Energy and Carbon reporting) on the basis that this information is included on
pp 46-51 of the Group's Annual Report & Accounts 2024, which are available on the Group's website.

Auditor

For the period ending 31 March 2024, the Company was entitled to exemption from audit under s479A of the
Companies Act 2006. The Directors acknowledged their responsibilities under the Companies Act 2006 regarding
accounting records and the preparation of these accounts, and confirm the members of the Company have not
required an audit of these accounts.

By order of the Board.

Goglot

Greg A Cook
Director

60 Gresham Street
London

EC2V 7BB

United Kingdom

12 November 2024

"FY 24 is the period from 3 February 2023 to 31 March 2024. FY 25 is the subsequent financial year covering the 12 months to 31
March 2025.
Page 2


===== page 5 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting MENA Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Statement of Directors’ responsibil:
stalements

ies in respect of the Directors’ report and the financial

The Directors are responsible for preparing the strategic report and the Directors’ report and the financial
statements in accordance with applicable law and regulations.

Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law
they have elected to prepare the financial statements in accordance with UK accounting standards and
applicable law (UK Generally Accepted Accounting Practice), including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure
Framework,

Under Company law the Directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they
give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for that
period. in preparing these financial statements, the Directors are required to:

+ select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;
+ make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

+ state whether applicable UK accounting standards have been followed, subject to any material
departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements;

» assess the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related
to going concern; and

+ use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or
to cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and
explain the Company's transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position
of the Company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act
2006. They are responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation
of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have
general responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the
Company and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.

Page 3


===== page 6 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting MENA Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Profit & loss account
for the 14-month period ended 31 March 2024

14 months:
to

34 March
2024

AED ‘000

Cost of sales (102)

Gross loss (102)

(102)

Loss for the period

Jn the current period, the Company made no acquisitions and had no discontinued operations

There was no other comprehensive income in either the current or preceding year other than those disclosed in the profit
and loss account, and therefore no separate statement of other comprehensive income has been presented.

The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.

Page 4


===== page 7 =====
Balance sheet
as at 31 March 2024

Current liabilities
Trade and other payables

Total current liabilities

Net current liabilities
Net liabilities

Capital and reserves
Issued share capital
Other reserves

Retained earnings

Total shareholders’ equity

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting MENA Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

As at

Note 34 March 2024
AED ‘000

4 (102)
(102)

(102)

(102)

5 :
(102)

(402)

For the period ending 31 March 2024, the Company was entitled to exemption from audit under s479A of the Companies
Act 2006. The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities under the Companies Act 2006 regarding accounting records
and the preparation of these accounts, and confirm the members of the Company have not required an audit of these

accounts.

The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements. These financial statements were approved and
authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 12 November 2024. They were signed on its behalf by:

Gog lot

Greg A Cook
Director

Company registered number: 14638009

Page 5


===== page 8 =====
Statement of changes in equity
for the 14-month period ended 31 March 2024

As at 3 February 2023
Total comprehensive income for the period
Loss for the period

AS at 31 March 2024

The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.

Page 6

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting MENA Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Total
Issued Other Retained shareholders’
share capital reserves earnings. equity

AED ‘000 AED‘000 © AED ‘000 AED ‘000

- (102) (102)
. : (103) (102)



===== page 9 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting MENA Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements
(forming part of the financial statements)

1 Accounting policies
General Information

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting MENA Limited (the “Company’) is a company limited by shares, domiciled and registered in
the UK. The registered number is 14638009 and the registered address is 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB, United
Kingdom.

These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework
(‘FRS 101”).

Basis of preparation

In preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement and disclosure requirements of
International Financial Reporting Standards (“Adopted IFRSs"}, but makes amendments where necessary in order to comply with
Companies Act 2006 and has set out below where advantage of the FRS 101 disclosure exemptions has been taken.

The Company's ultimate parent undertaking, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ple, includes the Company in its consolidated
financial statements. The consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ple are available to the public
and may be obtained from 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB, United Kingdom or on the website at alphafme.com/investors.

In these financial statements, the Company has applied the exemptions available under FRS 101 in respect of the following
disclosures:
+ Acash flow statement and related notes;
Disclosures in respect of transactions with wholly owned subsidiaries;
Disclosures in respect of capital management,
The effects of new but not yet effective IFRS;
The requirements of paragraphs 17 and 18A of IAS 24 Related Party Disclosures; and
The requirements in IAS 24 to disclose related party transactions entered into between two or more members of a group,
provided that any subsidiary which is a party to the transaction is wholly owned by such a member.

As the consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc include the equivalent disclosures, the
Company has also taken the exemptions under FRS 101 available in respect of the following disclosures:

* The requirements of IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures.
The accounting policies set out below have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods presented in
these financial statements.

These financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, except for certain financial instruments that are
measured at fair value.

The presentational currency of these financial statements and the functional currency of the Company is United Arab Emirates
Dirham (AED). All amounts in these financial statements have been rounded to the nearest AED 1,000, unless stated otherwise.

Going concern

In assessing the Company's ability to continue on a going concern basis for a period of at least 12 months from the approval of these
financial statements (the “going concern period”), the Directors considered the Company's projected cash flows, access to
intercompany funding from other Group entities, cash liquidity and existing borrowing facilities.

Notwithstanding net current fiabilities of £0.1m as at 31 March 2024, the financial statements have been prepared on a going concern
basis. The Directors consider this to be appropriate on the basis of cash flow forecasts prepared for the wider Group, which support
the ability of the Company to operate as a going concern. The Group prepared cash flow forecasts covering the going concern period,
which have been revised to refiect the acquisition of the Group by Actium Bidco (UK) Limited after the reporting date, as disclosed in
note 8, including the restructuring of the Group’s financing arrangements through the going concern period. The Directors of the
Group considered the principal risks and mitigants and analysed a base case, reflecting the Group's board approved budget for the
going concern period, as well as a reasonably possible downside scenario. This downside scenario models a 20% reduction in Group
forecast revenue with some limited cost mitigants applied. These modelled mitigants consist of a hiring freeze alongside a partial
reduction in the Group's discretionary profit share bonus payment budgeted for the FY 25 performance year, with the Group’s
underlying cost base unaffected. in this reasonable downside scenario, the Group has relied upon access to funding of up to £10.0m
from the Group's available £50.0m RCF through the going concern period. No covenant breaches have been identified in either
scenario.

The Directors consider this reasonably possible scenario and the sequence of events that could lead to it to be remote. There remains
significant headroom on the Group's RCF to facilitate further liquidity, as well as scope for further mitigating cost actions to be taken
on the underlying cost base, if required.

The ability of the Company to settle its liabilities as they fall due within the going concern period is dependent on the financial support
of the Company's ultimate parent company. The Company also has access to additional funding through other Group entities, via the
Group’s revolving credit facility (‘RCF") of £50.0m., As with any company placing reliance on other group entities for financial support,
the Directors acknowledge that there can be no certainty that this support will continue although, at the date of approval of these
financial

Page 7


===== page 10 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting MENA Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

Going concern (continued)

statements, they have no reason to believe that it will not do so.

After careful consideration, the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company's existing resources, supplemented by the

support of the wider Group, are adequate to meet its requirements over the going concern period. On this basis, the Directors
consider that it is appropriate to adopt the going concem basis in preparing the financial statements

Principal accounting policies
Significant judgements and estimates

The preparation of financial information in accordance with IFRS requires management to make judgements, estimates and
assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses.

The Directors have made no judgements, excluding those involving estimations, in the process of applying the Company's
accounting policies that are considered to have a significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements for the
period ending 31 March 2024. There are no major sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting period that have a
significant risk of resulting in a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

Foreign currency

Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the Company's functional currency at the average foreign exchange rate in
the month of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the balance sheet date are
retranslated to the functional currency at the foreign exchange rate ruling at that date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are
measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are transiated using the average exchange rate in the month of the
transaction and are not retranslated. Foreign exchange differences arising on translation to functional currency are recognised in
administration expenses.

Financial instruments
The Company uses financial instruments comprising cash and cash equivalents and other short-term instruments, such as trade

payables that arise from its operations. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to fund the Company's business strategy
and working capital requirements.

Accounting policies in respect of financial instruments are outlined below.
Financial assets

Financial assets are initially measured at fair value plus or minus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or
loss, transaction costs. The Company has not reclassified any financial assets subsequent to initial recognition as at the balance
sheet date. Reclassification of classes of financial assets is accounted for prospectively in accordance with IFRS 9, where this is
required. Any difference on reclassification from amortised cost to fair value through profit or loss is recognised in the profit and
loss at the reclassification date.

Financial assets are assessed at each reporting date to determine a lifetime expected credit loss that reflects the credit risk
associated with the portfolio of assets. A financial asset is impaired in line with the simplified approach under IFRS 9 which uses a
lifetime expected loss allowance.

The Company recognises an expected credit loss provision in relation to financial assets. The simplified method is applied to the
Company's trade receivables as described below. The Company's expected credit loss provision on all other financial assets is
immaterial as the probability of default is low. Movements in the expected credit loss provision are recognised in profit or loss.

Financial liabilities

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities designated
upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss. Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are acquired
for the purpose of selling in the near term. This category includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Company that
are not designated as hedging instruments in hedge relationships as defined by IFRS 9. As at 31 March 2024, the Company had
no derivative financial instruments or designated hedge relationships.

Other financial iiabilities held by the Company are recognised at amortised cost.
Trade and other payabies

Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value, equal to the transaction price, and are subsequently measured at
amortised cost. Trade payables due within one year are not discounted.

Cost of sales

Cost of sales is defined by management as the direct costs associated with the generation of the Company's revenue, including
staff payroll and contractor costs, that are directly attributable to the delivery of services and supporting growth.

Page 8


===== page 11 =====
Alpha Financiat Markets Consulting MENA Limited
7 Annual report and financial statements:
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)
New accounting standards and interpretations
The International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) have issued the following
standards and interpretations which are now effective:
* IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts, effective from 1 January 2023;
* Amendments to IFRS 17, effective from 1 January 2023;
¢ Disclosure of Accounting Policies (Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2), effective from 1 January 2023;
+ — Definition of Accounting Estimates (Amendments to IAS 8), effective from 1 January 2023;

* Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction (Amendments to IAS 12), effective from 1
January 2023;

+ International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules (Amendments to IAS 12} — Application of the exception and disclosure
of that fact, effective from 23 May 2023;

+ International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules (Amendments to IAS 12)— other disclosure requirements, effective from
1 January 2023; and

+ — Intemational Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules (Amendments to the IFRS for SMEs' Standard), effective from 29
September 2023 (not yet endorsed by the UK).

The Directors have applied these new standards and interpretations for the 14-month period ended 31 March 2024.

The Directors have considered new standards and interpretations that have been issued but not yet been effective, however have
applied the exemption not to disclose this information under FRS 101

2 Staff numbers and costs

The average number of persons employed by the Company (including Directors) during the period, analysed by category, was
as follows:

Number of employees
FY 24

Administrative -
Sales -

Average number of employees in the period 7

As at 31 March 2024, there was one sales employee within the Company.

The aggregate payroll costs of this person were as follows:

FY 24

AED ‘000

Wages, Salaries and short-term benefits 102
Social security costs -
Contributions to defined contribution plans -
Total staff costs for the period 102

3 Directors’ remuneration
During the 14-month period ended 31 March 2024, no directors provided material qualifying services to the Company. The

Directors of the Company are paid out of other entities with the Group. The Directors believe that the value of their services in
respect of the Company, were negligible and therefore have not been disclosed.

Page 9


===== page 12 =====
Alpha Financiel Markets Consulting MENA Limited
Annual report and financia! statements

31 March 2024
Notes to the financial statements (continued)
4 Trade and other payables
FY 24
AED '000
Accruals 102
Total amounts owed within one year 102

The accruals as at 31 March 2024 relate to accrued payroll costs.

5 Capital and reserves
Share capital
FY 24
AED
Aliotted, calfed up and fully paid
1 ordinary share of £1 each 4
Balance at the end of the period 4

The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per
share at meetings of the Company.

6 Related parties

The Company has not engaged in any transactions with any related parties other than with wholly owned subsidiaries within.
the Alpha Group, and remuneration of the Company's key management personnel. These transactions have not been
disclosed as the Company has taken advantage of exemptions under FRS 101.

7 Ultimate parent company
As at 31 March 2024, the ultimate parent company and controlling party was Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc, a
company incorporated in England and Wales.

Both the largest and smallest Group in which the results of the Company are consolidated is that headed by Alpha Financial
Markets Consulting plc. The consolidated financial statements of the Group are available to the public and may be obtained
from 60 Gresham Street, London EC2V 7BB, United Kingdom, or the website investors. alphafmc.com.

8 Events after the reporting period
Change in control of the Company following the acquisition of the Group by Actium Bidco (UK) Limited

‘On 19 August 2024, the Company's ultimate parent company, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting pic, was acquired by Actium
Bidco (UK) Limited. Following this acquisition, the shares of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ple were de-listed from AIM on
20 August 2024 and the company was re-registered as a private limited company under the Companies Act 2006. Actium Bidco
(UK) Limited is a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of Actium Topco (UK) Limited, which is owned by certain funds managed by
Bridgepoint Advisers Limited.

Page 10

