

===== page 1 =====
CityTrust Accounts Limited
Innovation Centre
Knowledge Gateway
Boundary Road
Colchester

Essex

C04 3ZQ

Registration number: 12406540

Bankside Payroll Limited

Annual Report and Financial Statements

for the Year Ended 31 August 2023

SATURDAY

mat

Ai2

30/11/2024
COMPANIES HOUSE

#145,


===== page 2 =====
Bankside Payroll Limited

Contents
Company Information 1
Strategic Report 2
Directors’ Report . 3
Statement of Directors' Responsibilities 4
Independent Auditor's Report 5to8
Profit and Loss Account 9
Statement of Comprehensive Income 10
Balance Sheet . 1
Statement of Changes in Equity 12

Notes to the Financial Statements 13 to 19


===== page 3 =====
Bankside Payroll Limited
Company Information

Directors Mr Robert Surridge
Mr Paul Cardosi
Greg Alan Cook
John Campbell Paton
Christopher Peter Kroeger

Registered office | 60 Gresham Street
London .
EC2V 7BB

Accountants CityTrust Accounts Limited
Innovation Centre
Knowledge Gateway
Boundary Road
Colchester
C04 3ZQ

Auditors Beaumont Seymour Limited
47 Butt Road
Colchester
Essex
CO3 3BZ

Page 1


===== page 4 =====
Bankside Payroll Limited

Strategic Report for the Year Ended 31 August 2023

The directors present their strategic report for the year ended 31 August 2023.

Principal activity
The principal activity of the company is the provision of payroll-related services to its parent, Bankside
Financial Solutions Consulting Limited.

Fair review of the business

The Company provides payroll-related services to its parent company, Bankside Financial Solutions
Consulting Limited. The Company's revenue comes solely from its parent company and the Company
accounts for income based on costs incurred on behalf of its parent company. No profit is earned by
the Company and all costs are invoiced in the period they relate to.

The Company's costs come mostly from employment costs, including staff wages and related salary
costs such as Employer's NI, the Apprenticeship Levy and employee pension costs.

Due to the substantial growth of its parent company, Bankside Payroll Limited's revenue for the year
ended 31st August 2023 increased by 70.84% to £14,280,382.33 (£8,358,727.68 for the year ended
31st August 2022).

The total average number of employees in the year increased by 53.57% to 86 (56 for the year ended
31st August 2022).

The Company has a net asset position of £100 which comprises only its initial share capital. All costs
are covered by its parent company, Bankside Financial Solutions Consulting Limited.

Principal risks and uncertainties

The Company's directors do not believe the Company is exposed to known risks. Uncertainties from
the economic climate have slowed the Groups main client industry, asset manager trading, however it
is believed that the Company's key clients will continue to invest in automation to gain efficiencies and
reduce their operating costs. This will help to maintain the businesses success and drive continued
growth for the Group.

Approved and authorised by the Board on 26 November 2024 and signed on its behalf by:

Director

Page 2


===== page 5 =====
Bankside Payroll Limited

Directors' Report for the Year Ended 31 August 2023

The directors present their report and the financial statements for the year ended 31 August 2023.

Directors of the company
The directors who held office during the year were as follows:

Mr Robert Surridge

Mr Paul Cardosi

The following directors were appointed after the year end:
Greg Alan Cook (appointed 5 September 2024)

John Campbell Paton (appointed 5 September 2024)
Christopher Peter Kroeger (appointed 5 September 2024)
Financial instruments

Objectives and policies

The Company is exposed to various risks in relation to financial instruments. The main types of risks
are market risk and liquidity risk.

The Company's risk management is over seen by its board of directors, and focuses on actively
securing the Company's short to medium-term cash flows by minimising exposure to volatile financial
markets.

The Company does not actively engage in the trading of financial assets for speculative purposes.

The Company is exposed to market risks resulting from its operating activities and actively focuses on
diversifying its operations by spreading its activities across many clients.

The Company has minimal exposure to currency risks and trades primarily in GBP.

Disclosure of information to the auditors -

Each director has taken steps that they ought to have taken as a director in order to make themselves
aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the company's auditors are aware of that
information. The directors confirm that there is no relevant information that they know of and of which
they know the auditors are unaware.

Approved and authorised by the Board 26 November 2024 and signed on its behalf by:

ome

Mr Robert Surridge
Director

Mr Paul Cardosi
Director

Page 3


===== page 6 =====
Bankside Payroll Limited

Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities

The directors acknowledge their responsibilities for preparing the Annual Report and the financial
statements in accordance with applicable law and regulations.

Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that
law the directors have elected to prepare the financial statements in accordance with United Kingdom
Generally Accepted Accounting Practice (United Kingdom Accounting Standards and applicable law).
Under company law the directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied
that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the company and of the profit or loss of the
company for that period. In preparing these financial statements, the directors are required to:

* select suitable accounting policies and apply them consistently;
* make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

* state whether applicable United Kingdom Accounting Standards have been followed, subject to
any material departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements; and

* prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to presume
that the company will continue in business.

The directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and
explain the company's transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial
position of the company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the
Companies Act 2006. They are also responsible for safeguarding the assets of the company and
hence for taking reasonable steps for the prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities.

Page 4


===== page 7 =====
Bankside Payroll Limited

Independent Auditor's Report to the Members of Bankside Payroll Limited

Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of Bankside Payroll Limited (the ‘company') for the year
ended 31 August 2023, which comprise the Profit and Loss Account, Statement of Comprehensive
Income, Balance Sheet, Statement of Changes in Equity, and Notes to the Financial Statements,
including a summary of significant accounting policies. The financial reporting framework that has
been applied in their preparation is applicable law and United Kingdom Accounting Standards,
including Financial Reporting Standard 102 The Financial Reporting Standard applicable in the UK
and Republic of Ireland (United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice).

In our opinion the financial statements:

* give a true and fair view of the state of the company's affairs as at 31 August 2023 and of its
results for the year then ended;

+ have been properly prepared in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting
Practice; and

+ have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and
applicable law. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the auditor
responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our report. We are independent of
the company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial
statements in the UK, including the FRC's Ethical Standard, and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Conclusions relating to going concern
In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the director's use of the going concern
basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is appropriate.

Based on the work we have performed, we have not identified any material uncertainties relating to
events or conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the company's
ability to continue as a going concern for a period of at least twelve months from when the original
financial statements were authorised for issue.

Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the directors with respect to going concern are
described in the relevant sections of this report.

Other information
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the annual report, other than the financial statements and our auditor's report
thereon. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and, except to
the extent otherwise explicitly stated in our report, we do not express any form of assurance
conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
misstated. If we identify such material inconsistencies or apparent material misstatements, we are
required to determine whether there is a material misstatement in the financial statements or a
material misstatement of the other information. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude
that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.

We have nothing to report in this regard.

Page 5


===== page 8 =====
Bankside Payroll Limited

Independent Auditor's Report to the Members of Bankside Payroll Limited

Opinion on other matter prescribed by the Companies Act 2006
In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit:

+ the information given in the Strategic Report and Directors' Report for the financial year for which
the financial statements are prepared is consistent with the financial statements; and

+ the Strategic Report and Directors’ Report have been prepared in accordance with applicable legal
requirements.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception

In the light of our knowledge and understanding of the company and its environment obtained in the
course of the audit, we have not identified material misstatements in the Strategic Report and the
Directors’ Report.

We have nothing to report in respect of the following matters where the Companies Act 2006 requires

us to report to you if, in our opinion:

+ adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been
received from branches not visited by us; or

+ the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or

* certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or

* we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit.

Responsibilities of directors

As explained’ more fully in the Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities [set out on page 4], the
directors are responsible for the preparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied that
they give a true and fair view, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to
enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due
to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the company's ability
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the company or to
cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor Responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report
that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee ©
that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement
when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users
taken on the basis of these financial statements.

The extent to which our procedures are capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud is detailed
below:

Page 6


===== page 9 =====
Bankside Payroll Limited

Independent Auditor's Report to the Members of Bankside Payroll Limited

The objectives of our audit in respect of fraud, are; to identify and assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements due to fraud; to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence
regarding the assessed risks of material misstatement due to fraud, through designing and
implementing appropriate responses to those assessed risks; and to respond appropriately to
instances of fraud or suspected fraud identified during the audit. However, the primary responsibility
for the prevention and detection of fraud rests with both management and those charged with
governance of the company.

Our approach was as follows:

- We obtained an understanding of the legal and regulatory requirements applicable to the company
and determined that the most significant laws and regulations which are directly relevant to specific
assertions in the financial statements are those related to the financial reporting framework
(Companies Act 2006, UK GAAP) and UK taxation legislation.

- We obtained an understanding of how the company complies with these requirements by
discussions with management and those charged with governance.

- We assessed the risk of material misstatement of the financial statements, including the risk of
material misstatement due to fraud and how it might occur by holding discussions with management
and those charged with governance.

+ We inquired of management and those charged with governance as to any known instances of
non-compliance or suspected non-compliance with laws and regulations.

+ Based on this understanding, we designed specific appropriate audit procedures to identify
instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations. This included making enquiries of
management and those charged with governance and obtaining additional corroborative evidence as
required.

As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs (UK) we exercise professional judgement and maintain
professional scepticism throughout the audit.

We also:

+ Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting
a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may
involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purposes of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the company’s internal control.

- Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

Page 7


===== page 10 =====
Bankside Payroll Limited

Independent Auditor's Report to the Members of Bankside Payroll Limited

+ Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
based on the audit evidence ‘obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
conditions that may cast significant doubt on the company's ability to continue as a going concern. If
we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report
to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify
our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's
report. However, future events or conditions may cause the company to cease to continue as a going
concern.

+ Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the
disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in
a manner that achieves fair presentation.

+ Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
business activities within the company to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the company audit. We remain
solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned
scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in
internal control that we identify during our audit.

A further description of our responsibilities is available on the Financial Reporting Council's website
at: www. frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms part of our auditor's report.

Use of our report

This report is made solely to the company's members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of
Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the
company's members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no
other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to
anyone other than the company and the company’s members as a body, for our audit work, for this
report, or for the opinions we have formed.

drew Johlv Griggs (Senior Statutory Auditor)
For and on behalf of Beaumont Seymour Limited, Statutory Auditor

47 Butt Road
Colchester
Essex

CO3 3BZ

2oleboey .

Date:..

Page 8


===== page 11 =====
Bankside Payroll Limited

Profit and Loss Account for the Year Ended 31 August 2023

2023

Note £

Turnover 3 14,280,382
Cost of sales (14,279,835)
Gross profit 547
Administrative expenses (570)
Operating loss (23)
Other interest receivable and similar income 4 23

Profit/(loss) before tax -

Profit/(loss) for the financial year =

The above results were derived from continuing operations.

(As restated)

2022
£

8,359,374
(8,357,814)

1,560
(1,583)
(23)

23

The company has no recognised gains or losses for the year other than the results above.

The notes on pages 13 to 19 form an integral part of these financial statements.

Page 9


===== page 12 =====
Bankside Payroll Limited

Statement of Comprehensive Income for the Year Ended 31 August 2023

2023 2022
£ £

Profit/(loss) for the year fe

Total comprehensive income for the year -

The notes on pages 13 to 19 form an integral part of these financial statements.
Page 10


===== page 13 =====
Bankside Payroll Limited

(Registration number: 12406540)
Balance Sheet as at 31 August 2023

(As restated)

2023 2022
Note £ £
Current assets
Debtors 8 25,584 383
Cash at bank and in hand 99,159 24,531
124,743 24,914
Creditors: Amounts falling due within one year 10 (124,643) (24,814)
Net assets 10, __100.
Capital and reserves
Called up share capital 100 100
Shareholders’ funds 100 100

Approved and authorised by the Board on 26 November 2024 and signed on its behalf by:

wes

Mr Robert Surridge
Director

Director

The notes on pages 13 to 19 form an integral part of these financial statements.
Page 11


===== page 14 =====
Bankside Payroll Limited

Statement of Changes in Equity for the Year Ended 31 August 2023

Retained
Share capital earnings Total
£ £ £
At 1 September 2022 100 646 746
Prior period adjustment : (646) (646)
At 1 September 2022 (As restated) 100 : 100
At 31 August 2023 100 : 100
Retained
Share capital earnings Total
£ £ £
At 1 September 2021 100 : 100
At 31 August 2022 100 - 100

The notes on pages 13 to 19 form an integral part of these financial statements.
Page 12


===== page 15 =====
Bankside Payroll Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 August 2023

1 General information
The company is a private company limited by share capital, incorporated in England and Wales.

The address of its registered office is:
60 Gresham Street

London

EC2V 7BB

These financial statements were authorised for issue by the Board on 26 November 2024

2 Accounting policies

Summary of significant accounting policies and key accounting estimates

The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these financial statements are set out
below. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise
stated.

Statement of compliance

These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 102 ‘The
Financial Reporting Standard applicable in the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland and the
Companies Act 2006".

Basis of preparation
These financial statements have been prepared using the historical cost convention except that as
disclosed in the accounting policies certain items are shown at fair value.

Summary of disclosure exemptions

As the consolidated financial statements of Bankside Financial Solutions Consulting Limited include
the equivalent disclosures, the Company has also taken the exemptions under FRS 102 available in
respect of the following disclosures:

+ Certain disclosures about financial instruments;

- Disclosures of certain information regarding related party transactions between or with wholly-owned
subsidiaries;

- Acash flow statement and related notes...

Name of parent of group
These financial statements are consolidated in the financial statements of Bankside Financial
Solutions Consulting Limited.

The financial statements of Bankside Financial Solutions Consulting Limited may be obtained from
Companies House .

Going concern

The financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis. The company meets its
day-to-day working capital requirements through its parent company. The group's directors make
profits available for distribution based on performance of the company and will reduce these
payments if necessary to ensure the company can continue to trade for the foreseeable future. After
making enquiries, the directors have a reasonable expectation that the comapany and its parent have
adequate resources to continue its operations for the foreseeable future.

Page 13


===== page 16 =====
Bankside Payroll Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 August 2023

Revenue recognition

Turnover comprises the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the sale of goods
and provision of services in the ordinary course of the company's activities. Turnover is shown net of
sales/value added tax, returns, rebates and discounts.

The company recognises revenue when:

The amount of revenue can be reliably measured;

it is probable that future economic benefits will flow to the entity;

and specific criteria have been met for each of the company's activities.

Prior period errors

The accounts for the prior period have been restated to incorporate the impact of accrued income
increasing due a misclassification of legal costs as a payment against outstanding defined
contribution pension costs being recharged to the company's parent company. These changes have
resulted in the loss of £646 decreasing to £0 as at 31st August 2022.

Relating to

periods

Relating to Relatingto before the

the current the prior prior

period period period

disclosed disclosed disclosed

in these in these in these

financial financial financial

statements statements statements

£ £ £

Increase in turnover - sales . (646) .

Increase in debtors - accrued income . 646 .
Tax

The tax expense for the period comprises current and deferred tax recognised in the reporting period.
Tax is recognised in profit or loss, except that a change attributable to an item of income or expense
tecognised as other comprehensive income is also recognised directly in other comprehensive
income.

Current or deferred taxation assets and liabilities are not discounted.

The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of tax rates and laws that have been
enacted or substantively enacted by the reporting date in the countries where the company operates
and generates taxable income.

Deferred tax is recognised on all timing differences at the reporting date. Unrelieved tax losses and
other deferred tax assets are only recognised when it is probable that they will be recovered against
the reversal of deferred tax liabilities or other future taxable profits.

Deferred tax is measured using tax rates and laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted
by the period end and that are expected to apply to the reversal of the timing difference.

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and call deposits, and other short-term highly
liquid investments that are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and are subject to an
insignificant risk of change in value.

Page 14


===== page 17 =====
Bankside Payroll Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 August 2023

Trade debtors
Trade debtors are amounts due from customers for merchandise sold or services performed in the
ordinary course of business.

Trade debtors are recognised initially at the transaction price. They are subsequently measured at
amortised cost using the effective interest method, less provision for impairment. A provision for the
impairment of trade debtors is established when there is objective evidence that the company will not
be able to collect all amounts due according to the original terms of the receivables.

Trade creditors

Trade creditors are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary
course of business from suppliers. Accounts payable are classified as current liabilities if the company
does not have an unconditional right, at the end of the reporting period, to defer settlement of the
creditor for at least twelve months after the reporting date. If there is an unconditional right to defer
settlement for at least twelve months after the reporting date, they are presented as non-current
liabilities.

Trade creditors are recognised initially at the transaction price and subsequently measured at
amortised cost using the effective interest method.

Share capital

Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Equity instruments are measured at the fair value of the cash
or other resources received or receivable, net of the direct costs of issuing the equity instruments. If
payment is deferred and the time value of money is material, the initial measurement is on a present
value basis.

Defined contribution pension obligation

A defined contribution pian is a pension plan under which fixed contributions are paid into a pension
fund and the company has no legal or constructive obligation to pay further contributions even if the
fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employees the benefits relating to employee service in
the current and prior periods.

Contributions to defined contribution plans are recognised as employee benefit expense when they

are due. If contribution payments exceed the contribution due for service, the excess is recognised as
a prepayment.

Page 15


===== page 18 =====
Bankside Payroll Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 August 2023

3 Turnover

The analysis of the company's revenue for the year from continuing operations is as follows:

2023
£
Rendering of services 14,280,382
All revenue in the current and prior period was generated in the UK.
4 Other interest receivable and similar income
2023
£
Interest income on bank deposits 23

5 Staff costs

The aggregate payroll costs (including directors’ remuneration) were as follows:

2023
£
Wages and salaries 11,659,868
Social security costs 1,520,560
Pension costs, defined contribution scheme 1,044,723
Other employee expense 54,684

(As restated)
2022
£

8,359,374

2022
23

(As restated)
2022
£

6,760,506
904,649
673,891

18,768

4

The average number of persons employed by the company (including directors) during the year,

analysed by category was as follows:

2023
No.

Other departments 86

86

6 Directors’ remuneration
The directors’ remuneration for the year was as follows:

Page 16

2022
No.
56

56


===== page 19 =====
Bankside Payroll Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 August 2023

Remuneration

Contributions paid to money purchase schemes

In respect of the highest paid director:

Remuneration

Company contributions to money purchase pension schemes

7 Taxation

Tax charged/(credited) in the income statement

(As restated)

2023 2022
£ £
426,399 195,204

40,000, 40,000
466,399 4

2023 2022
£ £
227,783 195,204

40,000 40,000

2023 2022

£ £

The tax on profit before tax for the year is the same as the standard rate of corporation tax in the UK
(2022 - the same as the standard rate of corporation tax in the UK) of 19% (2022 - 19%).

The differences are reconciled below:

Profit/(loss) before tax

Corporation tax at standard rate

Tax increase (decrease) from other short-term timing differences

Total tax charge/(credit)

Deferred tax
Deferred tax assets and liabilities

2023
Deferred tax assets and liabilities

2023 2022

£ £
21,954 -
(21,954) -
Asset Liability
£ £
21,954 :
21,954 -

The net deferred tax liability expected to reverse in 2024 is £21,954.42. This relates to the reversal of
timing differences between pension contributions recognised in the profit and loss account and the tax
relief recevied when these pension contirbutions were paid after the end of the current period.

Page 17


===== page 20 =====
Bankside Payroll Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 August 2023

8 Debtors

Current

Amounts owed by related parties
Other debtors

Accrued income

Deferred tax assets

9 Cash and cash equivalents

Cash on hand
Cash at bank

10 Creditors

Due within one year

Outstanding defined contribution pension costs
Other payables.

Accrued expenses

Income tax liability

11 Pension and other schemes
Defined contribution pension scheme

Note

Note

2023
£

100
980
2,550

21,954
25,584

2023
£

99,159

99,159

2023

102,689

21,954
124,643

(As restated)

2022

2022
£

100
24,431

24,531

(As restated)
2022
£

21,421
1,726
1,667

The company operates a defined contribution pension scheme. The pension cost charge for the year
represents contributions payable by the company to the scheme and amounted to £1,044,723 (2022 -

£673,891).

Contributions totalling £102,689 (2022 - £21,421) were payable to the scheme at the end of the year

and are included in creditors.

Page 18


===== page 21 =====
Bankside Payroll Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 August 2023

12 Share capital

Allotted, called up and fully paid shares

2023 2022
No. £ . No. £
Ordinary Shares of £1 each 100 100 100 100

13 Parent and ultimate parent undertaking

The company's immediate parent is Bankside Financial Solutions Consulting Limited, incorporated in
England and Wales.

The parent of the largest group in which these financial statements are consolidated is Bankside
Financial Solutions Consulting Limited, incorporated in England and Wales.

The address of Bankside Financial Solutions Consulting Limited is:
60 Gresham Street

London

EC2V 7BB

Page 19
