

===== page 1 =====
Registered number: 12406540

BANKSIDE PAYROLL LIMITED

“AANNUAL.REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 AUGUST 2024

THURSDAY

IMI

A12 11/09/2025 #4
COMPANIES HOUSE


===== page 2 =====
‘BANKSIDE PAYROLL LIMITED

COMPANY INFORMATION

Directors

Registered number

Registered office:

Independent auditors

PJ Cardosi

GA Cook (appointed:5 September'2024)

JAW Gooze Zijl (appointed 28 May 2025)

‘CP Kroeger (appointed 5 September 2024)

RJ Surridge.

JC Paton (appointed 5 September 2024, resigned. 30 June:2025)

12406540

60 Gresham Street

London.
EC2V 7BB

Beaumont:Seymour Limited
47 Butt Road

‘Colchester

Essex

CO3 3BZ.


===== page 3 =====
BANKSIDE PAYROLL LIMITED

CONTENTS

Page:
Strategic Report 1-2
Directors’ Report 3-4
Directors’ Responsibilities Statement 5
Independent Auditors’ Report 6-10
Statement of Comprehensive Income 11
Balance Sheet 12
‘Statement of Changes in Equity 13,

14-20

Notes to the Financial Statements


===== page 4 =====
BANKSIDE PAYROLL LIMITED

STRATEGIC REPORT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 AUGUST 2024

Introduction
The directors present their strategic report for the year ended 31 August 2024,
Business review

The principal activity of the company is the provision of payroll-related services to its parent, Bankside Financial
Solutions Consulting Limited.

The Company's revenue comes solely from its parent company and the Company accounts for income based
on costs incurred on behalf of its parent company. No profit is earned by the Company, and all costs are
invoiced in the period they relate to. The Company's costs come mostly from employment costs, Including staff
wages and related salary costs such as Employer's NI, the Apprenticeship Levy and employee pension costs.

In the year, the Group has received revenue of £13.8m (2023: £14.3m) from the Parent entity, which aligns to a
marginally lower level of revenue achieved by the Company's parent for this year. Cost of sales of £13.8m
(2023: £14.3m) offset this revenue to essentially eliminate the profit in the period, in line with the Company's
principal activity.

The Company's net assets position at 31 August 2024 remains unchanged from the prior year, at £100. The
Company's average number of employees in the year was 78 (2023: 86).

Principal risks and uncertainties

The Company's risks are inherently linked to'that of its parent, given the principal activity of the Company is to
be a payroll company. Therefore, the key risk for the Company is that the parent entity is unable to provide
sufficient funds from the underlying trading to settle the Company's liabilities as they fall due. This key risk is
underpinned by all the below principal risks and uncertainties of the parent entity:

« Competitors — risk that a competitor or new entrant may be able to achieve success. and win work from the
Company's existing clients. Less mature or more specialist propositions, which the Company chooses to
develop, may present less of a competitive advantage.

¢ Macro — risk that wider market, economic, commercial and financial risks can impact the Company's ability
to service clients, their demand for consultancy and technology services and, therefore, the Company's own
performance and financial position.

© Quality of service — risk of failure to maintain quality of service on client delivery engagements.

« People — risk of failure to attract, incentivise and retain the best people with the right capabilities across all
propositions, levels and geographies. A failure to undertake effective succession planning for key roles
could also adversely increase this risk and impact performance.

e Business strategy — risk. that the Company responds inadequately to changing market factors, including
technological advancements, and strategic growth opportunities, including acquisitions. The success of the.
Company depends on continuing to develop a proposition that best serves its clients.

« Security — risk of cyber-attacks, security breaches and data mishandling, leading. to consequent risks to
client data, loss of integrity or availability of core data.

In addition to the principal risks disclosed above, the Company is also exposed to other risks that are: not
considered principal risks. These include geopolitical, technological, regulatory, and financial risks.

Page 1


===== page 5 =====
BANKSIDE PAYROLL LIMITED

STRATEGIC REPORT (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 AUGUST 2024

Key performance indicators

The Directors monitor performance on a monthly basis. using a range of firiancial and ‘non-financial metrics.
Working capital management Is a key indicator which is reviewed on a frequent basis to monitor cash flow,
liquidity and the recovery of trade receivables.

Each month the Directors review the management accounts and conipare actual performance against budget.
Costs, utilisation, and fee rates are also reviewed to monitor profitability.

Future developments

Itis anticipated that the Company will continue to operate'as a payroll entity for its parent:company, and as such
there are not expected to be any significant changes. to the nature of the Company's activities. The. level of
future activity in this entity is inherently linked to the future developments of its parent entity.

After the year end, the Company's parent entity was acquired by Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK
Limited, a leading global consultancy to the financial services industry. The Directors are excited about this
opportunity to bring together Bankside's depth of delivery expertise, with the breadth of experience and
capability that the Alpha team has to offer. The Directors are confident of future growth through this partnership.

This report was. approved by the board and:signed on its behalf.

<< S

RJ Surridge
Director

Date: 9 September 2025

Page 2


===== page 6 =====
BANKSIDE PAYROLL LIMITED

DIRECTORS’ REPORT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 AUGUST 2024

The Directors present their report and the financial statements for the year ended 31 August 2024.
Principal activity

The principal activity of the company is the provision of payroll-related services to its parent, Bankside Financial
Solutions Consulting Limited.

Results and dividend

The results for the year are set out in the Strategic Report on pp 1 - 2 and in the Statement of Comprehensive
Income on p. 11. The Directors consider the current state of affairs of the Company to be satisfactory.

The Directors do not recommend the payment of a dividend (FY 23: £NIL).
Directors
The Directors: who held office during the-year and up to the date of approval of this report are-as follows:

PJ Cardosi

GA Cook (appointed 5 September 2024)

JAW Gooze Zijl (appointed 28 May 2025)

CP Kroeger (appointed 5 September.2024)

RJ Surridge

JC Paton (appointed 5 September 2024, resigned 30 June 2025)

Political contributions:

The Company made no political donations and incurred no political expenditure during the year (FY 23: £NIL).
Employees

Attracting, retaining and developing the best: talent is essential to the Company's business success. The
Company is committed to providing a highly rewarding workplace, and to maintaining a strong, meritocratic and
inclusive culture that recognises. the importance of our people and encourages open communication.

The Company is committed to ensuring equality of opportunity for all employees and applicants. Full and fair
consideration is given to all applications of employment from disabled persons. Appropriate arrangements are
made. for all disabled person, including those who have become disabled during their employment. The
Company is committed to the training and development of disabled persons and ensuring they have the access
to the same opportunities as other employees.

Engagement with suppliers and customers

The Directors: note’ the importance of fostering strong relationships with customers and suppliers through open
communication and having regard for these relationships in strategic decisions made relating to the Company.

Disclosure of information to auditors
Each of the persons who.are Directors at the time when this Directors! Report is approved has confirmed that:

. so far as the Director is aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the Company's auditors: are
unaware, and

. the Director has taken all the steps that ought to have been taken as a Director in order to be aware of
any. relevant audit information and to establish that the Company's auditors are aware of that information.

Page 3


===== page 7 =====
BANKSIDE PAYROLL LIMITED

DIRECTORS’ REPORT (CONTINUED)
FOR. THE YEAR ENDED 31 AUGUST 2024

‘This report was approved by the board and signed on its behalf.

—<—FS

RU Surridge
Director

Date: 9: September 2025

Page 4


===== page 8 =====
BANKSIDE PAYROLL LIMITED

DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITIES STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 AUGUST 2024

The Directors are responsible for preparing the Strategic Report, the Directors’ Report and the financial
statements in accordance with applicable law and regulations.

Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law the
Directors have elected: to prepare the financial statements in accordance with applicable :law and United
Kingdom Accounting Standards (United ‘Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice), including Financial
Reporting Standard 102 ‘The Financial Reporting Standard applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland’. Under
company law the Directors must not approve: the financial statements unless they are Satisfied that they give a
true and fair view of the state of affairs ‘of the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for that period..

In preparing these financial statements, the Directors. are required to:

° select suitable accounting policies for the Company's financial statements and then apply them
consistently;

° make judgements and accounting estimates ‘that are reasonable and prudent;

° state. whether applicable UK Accounting Standards have been followed, subject to any material
departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements;

° prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to presume that the
Company will continue in business..

The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain
the Company's transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the
Company and to enable them ‘to ensure: that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006.
They are also responsible for safeguarding the assets of the Company and hence for taking reasonable steps
for the prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities.

Page 5.


===== page 9 =====
BANKSIDE PAYROLL LIMITED

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF BANKSIDE PAYROLL LIMITED

Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of Bankside Payroll Limited (the 'Company’) for the year ended 31
August 2024, which comprise the Profit and Loss Account, the Balance Sheet, the Statement of Changes in:
Equity and the related notes, including a summary of significant accounting policies. The financial. reporting
framework that has been applied in their preparation is applicable law and United Kingdom Accounting
Standards, including Financial Reporting Standard 102 ‘The Financial Reporting Standard applicable in the UK
and Republic of Ireland’ (United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice).

In our opinion the financial statements:

. give a true and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs as at 31. August 2024 and of its result for the
year then ended;

. have been properly prepared in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting
Practice; and

. have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and applicable
law. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit
of the financial statements section of our report. We are Independent of the Company in accordance with the.
ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in the United Kingdom, including
the Financial Reporting Council's Ethical Standard and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in
accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Conclusions relating to.going concern

In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the Directors’ use of the going concern basis of
accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is appropriate.

Based on the work we have performed, we have not identified any material uncertainties relating to events or
conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the Company's ability to continue as a
going concern for a period of at least twelve months from when the financial.statements are authorised for
issue.

Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the. Directors with respect to.going concern are described in the
relevant sections of this report.

Page 6


===== page 10 =====
BANKSIDE PAYROLL LIMITED

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF BANKSIDE PAYROLL LIMITED
(CONTINUED)

Other information

The other information comprises the: information included in the Annual Report other than the financial
Statements and our Auditors’ Report thereon. The Directors are responsible for the other information contained
within the Annual Report. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the. other information and,
except to the extent otherwise explicitly stated in our report, we do not express any form of assurance.
conclusion thereon. Our responsibility is to read. the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the
other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the course
of the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If we identify such material inconsistencles or
apparent material misstatements, we: are required to determine whether this gives rise to a material
misstatement in the financial statements themselves: If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude
that.there is a material misstatement of this other information, we.are required to report that fact.

We have nothing to report in this regard.

Opinion on other matters prescribed by the Companies Act 2006

in our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit:

. the information given in the Strategic Report and the Directors’ Report for the. financial year for which the
financial statements are prepared is consistent with the financial statements; and

. the Strategic Report and the Directors’ Report have been-prepared in accordance with applicable legal
requirements.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception

In the light of the knowledge. and understanding of the Company and its environment obtained iin the. course of
the audit, we have not identified material misstatements in the ‘Strategic Report or the Directors’ Report.

We have nothing to report in respect: of the following matters in relation to which the Companies Act 2006
requires us to report'to you if, in our opinion:

dequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received from
branches not visited by us; or

. the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or
° certain disclosures of Directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or
. we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit.

Responshbilities of directors

As explained more fully in the directors’ responsibilities statement, the directors are responsible for the
preparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view, and for such
intemal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. In preparing the financial statements, the
directors are responsible for assessing the company's ability to continue as a.going concem, disclosing, as
applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the
directors either intend to liquidate the company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do
so.

Page 7


===== page 11 =====
BANKSIDE PAYROLL LIMITED

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF BANKSIDE PAYROLL LIMITED
(CONTINUED)

Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect-a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

The extent to which our procedures are capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud, is detailed below.

The objectives of our audit in respect of fraud, are; to identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of
the financial statements due to fraud; to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the assessed
risks of material misstatement due to fraud, through designing and implementing appropriate responses to
those assessed risks; and to respond appropriately to instances of fraud or suspected fraud identified during the
audit. However, the primary responsibility for the prevention and detection of fraud rests with both management
and those charged with governance of the company.

Our approach was as follows:

« We obtained an understanding of the legal and regulatory requirements. applicable to the company and
determined that the most significant laws and regulations which are directly relevant to specific assertions in
the financial statements are those related to the financlal reporting framework (Companies Act 2006, UK
GAAP) and UK taxation legislation.

« We obtained an understanding of how the company complies with these requirements by discussions with
management and those charged with governance.

« We assessed the risk of material misstatement of. the financial statements, including the risk of material
misstatement due to fraud and how it might occur by holding discussions: with management and those
charged with governance.

« We. inquired of management and those charged with governance as to any known instances of non-
compliance or suspected non-compliance with laws and regulations,

* Based on this understanding, we designed specific appropriate audit procedures to identify instances of
non-compliance with laws and regulations. This included making enquiries of management and those
charged with governance and obtaining additional corroborative evidence as required.

As part of an audit in accordance .with ISAs (UK) we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
scepticism throughout the audit.

Page 8


===== page 12 =====
BANKSIDE PAYROLL LIMITED.

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF BANKSIDE PAYROLL LIMITED
(CONTINUED)

Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements (continued)

We also:

identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or
error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve-collusion,
forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purposes of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of
the company’s internal control.

Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
and related disclosures made.by the directors.

Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concem basis of accounting and, based
on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that
may cast significant doubt on the company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a
material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related
disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
events or conditions may cause the company to cease to continue as a going concern.

Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content’ of the financial statements, including the
disclosures, and whether the financial statements

represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
activities within the company ‘to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are
responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the company audit. We remain solely
responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
identify during our audit.

A further description of our responsibilities is available on the Financial Reporting Council's website at:
https:/www.fre.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms part of-our auditor's report.

Page 9


===== page 13 =====
BANKSIDE PAYROLL LIMITED

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF BANKSIDE. PAYROLL LIMITED
(CONTINUED)

Use of our report

This report is made ‘solely to the Company's members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of
the: Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state. to the Company's
members those matters we are required to state to them in an Auditors’ Report and for no other purpose. To the
fullest extent permitted by law, we do not: accept or assume responsibility ‘to anyone other than the Company
and the Company's members, as a body; for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.,

D~A—

idrew John Griggs (Senlor Statutory Auditor)

For-and on behalf of Beaumont Seymour Limited, Statutory Auditor
Chartered Certified Accountants
Date! 151 9)25.

Page-10


===== page 14 =====
BANKSIDE PAYROLL LIMITED

STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 AUGUST 2024

2024 2023
Note £ £
Turnover “3 13,798,779 14,280,382
Cost of sales (13,798,226) (14,279,835)
Gross profit 553 547
Administrative: expenses (576). (570)
Operating loss (23) (23)
Interest receivable.and similar income 23 23
Profit before tax - -
Profit for the financial year - -
——S

There was no other comprehensive income for 2024 (2023:£NIL)..

The notes on pages 14 to 20 form part of these financial statements.

Page 11


===== page 15 =====
BANKSIDE PAYROLL LIMITED
REGISTERED NUMBER: 12406540

BALANCE SHEET
AS AT 31 AUGUST 2024.
2024 2023
Note £ £
Current assets
Debtors: amounts falling due within one year 8 16,337 25,584
Cash at bank and in hand. 9 56,624 99,159
72,961 124,743
Creditors: amounts falling due within one:
year 10 (72,861) (124,643)
Net current assets 100 400
Total assets less current liabilities 100. 100
Net assets 100 100
— ——_—
Capital and reserves
Called up’share capital 41 100 100
100

100

The financial statements were. approved and authorised for issue-by the board and. were signed on its behalf by:

a<—T

RJ Surridge
Director

Date: 9 September 2025.

The notes on pages 14 to:20 form part of these financial statements.

Page 12


===== page 16 =====
BANKSIDE PAYROLL LIMITED

STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
FOR THE YEAR ENDED:31 AUGUST 2024

Called up

share
capital Total equity
£ £
At'1 September 2022: 100 100.
At 1 September 2023 100 100
‘At 31 August 2024 . 100 100

The notes on pages 14 to 20 form part of these financial statements.;

Page 13


===== page 17 =====
BANKSIDE PAYROLL LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 AUGUST 2024

General information

Bankside Payroll Limited (the "Company") is a Company limited by shares, domiciled and registered in
the UK. The registered number is 12406540 and the registered address is 60 Gresham Street, London,
United Kingdom, EC2V 7BB.

Accounting policies

24

2.2

2.3

Basis of preparation of financial statements

The financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention unless otherwise
specified within these accounting policies and in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 102,
the Financial Reporting Standard applicable in the UK and the Republic of Ireland and the
Companies Act 2006.

The following principal accounting policies have been applied:
Financial Reporting Standard 102 - reduced disclosure exemptions

The Company has taken advantage of the following disclosure exemptions 'in preparing these
financial statements, as permitted by the FRS 102 "The Financial Reporting ‘Standard applicable in
the UK and Republic of Ireland":

. the requirements of Section 7 Statement of Cash Flows;

. the requirements of Section 3 Financial Statement Presentation paragraph 3.17(d);

. the requirements of Section 11 Financial Instruments paragraphs 11.42, 11.44 to 11.45,
11.47, 11.48(a)(iii), 11.48(a)(iv), 11.48(b) and 11.48(c);

. the requirements of Section 12 Other Financial Instruments paragraphs 12.26 to 12.27,
12.29(a), 12.29(b) and 12.29A;

. the requirements of Section 26 Share-based Payment paragraphs 26.18(b), 26.19 to 26.21
and 26.23;

. the requirements of Section 29 Income tax paragraphs 29.28(b) and 29.29. This is an
exemption from certain disclosures in relation to Pillar Two model rules. where an entity is, or
expects to be, within the scope of the Pillar Two legislation. The exemption is dependent on
equivalent disclosures being made in the consolidated financial statements. It is not an
exemption from: all Pillar Two: model rules and disclosures. Qualifying entities are still required
to provide disclosures in accordance with paragraph 29.26 (g) and 29.28(a) if Pillar two model
tules are applicable;

. the requirements of Section 33 Related Party Disclosures paragraph 33.7.

This information is included in the consolidated financial statements of Bankside Financial Solutions
Consulting Limited as at 31 August 2024 and these financial statements may be obtained from
Companies House.

Going concern

The financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis. ‘The directors have
considered the Company's financial position, cash: flow forecasts and future funding requirements,
together with the principal risks and uncertainties facing the business. On the basis of this review,
the directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company has adequate resources to continue
in operational existence for the foreseeable future.

Page 14


===== page 18 =====
BANKSIDE PAYROLL LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 AUGUST 2024

2. Accounting policies (continued)

2.4 Turnover

2.5

26

Turnover comprises the fair value of the consideration: received or receivable for the sale of goods
and provision of services in the ordinary course of the-company's.activities. Turnover is shown net.of
sales/value added tax, retums, rebates and discounts.

The company recognises revenue when:

« The amount of revenue can be reliably measured;

* itis probable that future economic benefits will flow to the entity; and
* specific criteria have been met for each of the Company's. activities.

Interest income

Interest income-is recognised in profit or loss using the effective interest method.

Pensions

Defined contribution pension plan

The Company operates a defined contribution plan for its employees. A defined contribution plan is a

pension plan under which the Company’ pays fixed contributions into a separate entity. Once the
contributions have been paid the Company has.no further payment obligations.

"The contributions are recognised as an expense in profit or loss when they fall due.. Amounts not

paid are shown in accruals as a liability in the Balance Sheet. The assets of the plan are held
separately from the Company in independently administered funds.

Page 15


===== page 19 =====
BANKSIDE PAYROLL LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 AUGUST 2024

2.

Accounting policies (continued)

27

28

29

Current and deferred:taxation

The tax expense for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in profit or loss
except that a charge attributable to an item of income and expense recognised as other
comprehensive income or to an item recognised directly in equity is also recognised in other
comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.

The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of tax rates and laws that have been
enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date. in the countries where the Company
operates and generates income.

Deferred tax balances are recognised in respect of all timing differences that have originated but not
reversed by the balance sheet date, except that:

. The recognition of deferred tax assets is limited to the extent that it is probable that they will
be recovered against the reversal! of deferred tax liabilities or-other future taxable profits; and

. Any deferred tax balances are reversed jf and when all conditions for retaining associated tax
allowances have been met.

Deferred tax balances are not recognised in respect of permanent differences except in respect of
business combinations, when deferred tax is recognised on the differences between the fair values
of assets acquired-and the future tax deductions available for them and the differences between the
fair values of liabilities acquired and the amount that will be assessed for tax. Deferred tax is
determined using tax rates and laws that. have: been enacted or substantively enacted by the
balance sheet date.

Debtors

Short-term debtors are. measured .at transaction price; less any impairment. Loans receivable are
measured initially at fair value, net of transaction costs, and are measured subsequently at
amortised cost using the effective interest method, less any impairment.

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash is represented by cash in hand and deposits with financial institutions repayable without
penalty on: notice. of not more than 24 hours. Cash equivalents. are highly {lquid investments that
mature in no more than three months from the date of acquisition and that.are readily convertible to
known amounts of cash with insignificant risk of change in value.

2.10 Creditors

Short-term creditors are measured at the transaction price. Other financial liabilities, including bank
loans, are measured initially at fair value, net of transaction costs, and are measured subsequently
at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

Page 16


===== page 20 =====
BANKSIDE PAYROLL LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 AUGUST 2024

Turnover

An analysis of turnover by class of business is as follows:

2024 2023
£ £
Intercompany turnover 13,798,779 14,280,382

All turnover:arose. within the United Kingdom.

Auditors‘ remuneration

During the year, the Company obtained the following services from the Company's auditors:

2024 2023
£

Fees payable to the Company's auditors for the audit of the Company's
financial statements 5,400 5,400

The Company has taken advantage of the exemption not-to disclose amounts paid for non-audit services
as these are disclosed in the consolidated accounts ‘of the parent Company.

Employees

Staff costs, including Directors’ remuneration, were as follows:

2024 2023

£

Wages and salaries 11,173,527 11,659,868
Social security costs 1,442,641 1,520,560
Cost of:defined.contribution scheme. 1,141,207 1,044,723
Other employee expense 40,851 54,684.

13,798,226 14,279,835

The average monthly number of employees, including the Directors, during the year was.as follows:

2024 2023
No. No:
Other departments 78 86

Page 17


===== page 21 =====
BANKSIDE PAYROLL LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 AUGUST 2024

Directors’ remuneration

2024 2023

£ £

Directors’ emoluments 361,249 426,399
Company contributions to defined contribution pension schemes. 16,667 40,000

377,916 466,399

The highest paid Director received remuneration of £254,838 (2023 --£227,783).

The value of the Company's: contributions: paid to a defined contribution pension scheme in respect of
the highest paid Director amounted to. £NIL (2023 - £40,000).

Taxation

Tax charged to the income statement

Tax charged to profit and loss was nil.

The tax.on profit before tax for the year is the same as the standard rate of corporation tax 'in the UK of
25% (2023: the same.as the standard rate of corporation tax in the UK of 19%).

Deferred tax assets and liabilities

2024 2023
£ £
Deferred tax assets 13,100 21,954

The deferred tax assets relate: to timing differences between pension contributions recognised in profit
and loss and the: tax relief received when those pension contributions were paid’ after theend of the
current period.

Debtors
2024 2023
£ £
Amounts owed by related parties 100 100
Other debtors . 980
Prepayments and accrued income. 3,137 2,550
Deferred taxation 13,100 21,954
16,337 25,584

Page 18


===== page 22 =====
BANKSIDE PAYROLL. LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 AUGUST 2024

10.

11.

12,

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash at bank and in hand

Creditors: Amounts falling due within one year

Trade creditors

Amounts owed to group undertakings
Corporation tax

Outstanding defined contribution pension costs.

Share capital

Allotted, called up and fully paid
100 (2023 - 100) Ordinary shares of £1.00 each

Pension commitments

2024
£

56,624

2024
£

7,301
60
13,100
52,400

72,861

—

2024

100

2023
£

99,159

2023
£

21,954
102,689

124,643.

2023
£

100:

The Company operates a defined contribution pension scheme. The pension cost charge for the year
represents coritributions payable by the Company to the scheme and amounted to £1,141,207 (FY 23:

£1,044,723).

Contributions totalling £52,400 (FY 23: £102,689) were payable to the scheme at the end of the year and

are included in creditors.

Page 19


===== page 23 =====
BANKSIDE PAYROLL LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 AUGUST 2024

13.

14,

Controlling party

The Company's immediate parent is Bankside Financial Solutions Consulting Limited, incorporated in
England and Wales.

The ‘parent of the largest group in which these financial statements are consolidated is. Bankside.
Financial Solutions Consulting Limited, incorporated:in England and Wales.

The address of Bankside Financial Solutions Consulting Limited is:
‘60 Gresham Street

London

€C2V 7BB

Post balance sheet events
On 5 September 2024, the Company and’its: subsidiaries, were acquired by Alpha Financial Markets’

Consulting UK Limited, which is a wholly owned indirect subsidiary. of Actium Topco: (UK) Limited, a
company owned by certain funds. managed by Bridgepoint Advisers Limited.

Page 20
