

===== page 1 =====
COMPANY REGISTRATION NUMBER: 09869494
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited

Abbreviated Unaudited Financial Statements

31 December 2016

ODYSSEY ADVISERS LIMITED
Chartered accountant

3 Brindley Place

Birmingham

West Midlands

B1 2JB



===== page 2 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited

Abbreviated Financial Statements
Period from 12 November 2015 to 31 December 2016

Contents
Abbreviated statement of financial position
Notes to the abbreviated financial statements

Page


===== page 3 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Abbreviated Statement of Financial Position
31 December 2016

31 Dec 16
Note £
Fixed assets
Tangible assets 3 3,782
Current assets
Debtors 34,004
Cash at bank and in hand 14,148
48,152
Creditors: amounts falling due within one year (76,914)
Net current liabilities { 28,762)
Total assets less current liabil { 24,980)
Net liabilities { 24,980)
Capital and reserves
Called up share capital 4 100
Profit and loss account { 25,080)
Members deficit { 24,980)

For the period ending 31 December 2016 the company was entitled to exemption from audit under section 477 of
the Companies Act 2006 relating to small companies.

Director's responsibilities:

- The members have not required the company to obtain an audit of its financial statements for the period in
question in accordance with section 476 ;

- The director acknowledges his responsibilities for complying with the requirements of the Act with respect to
accounting records and the preparation of financial statements .

These abbreviated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the provisions applicable to
companies subject to the small companies' regime.

These abbreviated financial statements were approved by the director and authorised for issue on 2 March 2017 ,
and are signed on behalf of the board by:

Mr N A Moore

Director

Company registration number: 09869494


===== page 4 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Notes to the Abbreviated Financial Statements
Period from 12 November 2015 to 31 December 2016

1. General information

The company is a private company limited by shares, registered in England and Wales. The address of the
registered office is Adam House, 7-10 Adam Street, London, WC2N 6AA.

2. Accounting policies

Basis of preparation

The financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, as modified by the revaluation of certain
financial assets and liabilities and investment properties measured at fair value through profit or loss.

The financial statements are prepared in sterling, which is the functional currency of the entity.

Judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty

The preparation of the financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions
that affect the amounts reported. These estimates and judgements are continually reviewed and are based on
experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the
circumstances.

Revenue recognition

Turnover is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for goods supplied and services
rendered, net of discounts and Value Added Tax. Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised when the
significant risks and rewards of ownership have transferred to the buyer (usually on despatch of the goods); the
amount of revenue can be measured reliably; it is probable that the associated economic benefits will flow to the
entity; and the costs incurred or to be incurred in respect of the transactions can be measured reliably. Revenue
from the rendering of services is measured by reference to the stage of completion of the service transaction at the
end of the reporting period provided that the outcome can be reliably estimated. When the outcome cannot be
reliably estimated, revenue is recognised only to the extent that expenses recognised are recoverable.

Foreign currencies

Foreign currency transactions are initially recorded in the functional currency, by applying the spot exchange rate
as at the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at
the exchange rate ruling at the reporting date, with any gains or losses being taken to the profit and loss account.
Tangible assets

Tangible assets are initially recorded at cost, and subsequently stated at cost less any accumulated depreciation
and impairment losses. Any tangible assets carried at revalued amounts are recorded at the fair value at the date
of revaluation less any subsequent accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses. An
increase in the carrying amount of an asset as a result of a revaluation, is recognised in other comprehensive
income and accumulated in equity, except to the extent it reverses a revaluation decrease of the same asset
previously recognised in profit or loss. A decrease in the carrying amount of an asset as a result of revaluation, is
recognised in other comprehensive income to the extent of any previously recognised revaluation increase
accumulated in equity in respect of that asset. Where a revaluation decrease exceeds the accumulated revaluation
gains accumulated in equity in respect of that asset, the excess shall be recognised in profit or loss.



===== page 5 =====
Depreciation
Depreciation is calculated so as to write off the cost or valuation of an asset, less its residual value, over the useful
economic life of that asset as follows:

Equipment - 33% straight line

Financial instruments

A financial asset or a financial liability is recognised only when the company becomes a party to the contractual
provisions of the instrument. Basic financial instruments are initially recognised at the transaction price, unless the
arrangement constitutes a financing transaction, where it is recognised at the present value of the future payments
discounted at a market rate of interest for a similar debt instrument. Debt instruments are subsequently measured
at amortised cost. Where investments in non-convertible preference shares and non-puttable ordinary shares or
preference shares are publicly traded or their fair value can otherwise be measured reliably, the investment is
subsequently measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss. All other such
investments are subsequently measured at cost less impairment. Other financial instruments, including derivatives,
are initially recognised at fair value, unless payment for an asset is deferred beyond normal business terms or
financed at a rate of interest that is not a market rate, in which case the asset is measured at the present value of
the future payments discounted at a market rate of interest for a similar debt instrument. Other financial instruments.
are subsequently measured at fair value, with any changes recognised in profit or loss, with the exception of
hedging instruments in a designated hedging relationship.

Financial assets that are measured at cost or amortised cost are reviewed for objective evidence of impairment at
the end of each reporting date. If there is objective evidence of impairment, an impairment loss is recognised in
profit or loss immediately. For all equity instruments regardless of significance, and other financial assets that are
individually significant, these are assessed individually for impairment. Other financial assets are either assessed
individually or grouped on the basis of similar credit risk characteristics. Any reversals of impairment are recognised
in profit or loss immediately, to the extent that the reversal does not result in a carrying amount of the financial
asset that exceeds what the carrying amount would have been had the impairment not previously been recognised.


===== page 6 =====
3. Tangible assets

£
Cost
Additions 4,564
At 31 December 2016 4,564
Depreciation
Charge for the period 782
At 31 December 2016 782
Carrying amount
At 31 December 2016 3,782
4. Called up share capital
Issued, called up and fully paid
31 Dec 16

No. £
Ordinary shares of £ 1 each 100 100
Share movements

No. £
Ordinary
At 12 November 2015 - -
Issue of shares 100 1

At 31 December 2016 100 1


===== page 7 =====
This document was delivered using electronic communications and authenticated in accordance with the
registrar's rules relating to electronic form, authentication and manner of delivery under section 1072 of
the Companies Act 2006.
