

===== page 1 =====
COMPANY REGISTRATION NUMBER: 09869494
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited

Filleted Unaudited Abridged Financial Statements
31 December 2019


===== page 2 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Abridged Statement of Financial Position
31 December 2019

2019 2018
Note £ £
Fixed assets
Intangible assets 5 - 27,166
Tangible assets 6 13,478 8,170
13,478 35,336
Current assets
Debtors 812,931 384,847
Cash at bank and in hand 545,018 67,165
1,357,949 452,012
Creditors: amounts falling due within one year 722,758 510,232
Net current assets/(liabilities) 635,191 { 58,220)
Total assets less current liabilities 648,669 { 22,884)
Net assets/(liabilities) 648,669 { 22,884)
Capital and reserves
Called up share capital 100 100
Profit and loss account 648,569 { 22,984)
Shareholders funds/(deficit) 648,669 ( 22,884)

These abridged financial statements have been prepared and delivered in accordance with the provisions
applicable to companies sudject to the small companies' regime and in accordance with Section 1A of FRS 102
‘The Financial Reporting Standard applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland’.

In accordance with section 444 of the Companies Act 2006, the abridged statement of income and retained
earnings has not been delivered.

For the year ending 31 December 2019 the company was entitled to exemption from audit under section 477 of the
Companies Act 2006 relating to small companies.

Directors’ responsibilities:

- The members have not required the company to obtain an audit of its abridged financial statements for the year in
question in accordance with section 476 ;

- The directors acknowledge their responsibilities for complying with the requirements of the Act with respect to
accounting records and the preparation of abridged financial statements .

All of the members have consented to the preparation of the abridged statement of income and retained earnings
and the abridged statement of financial position for the year ending 31 December 2019 in accordance with Section
444(2A) of the Companies Act 2006.


===== page 3 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited

Abridged Statement of Financial Position (continued)

31 December 2019

These abridged financial statements were approved by the board of directors and authorised for issue on 11
September 2020 , and are signed on behalf of the board by:

Mr N A Moore

Director

Company registration number: 09869494



===== page 4 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Notes to the Abridged Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2019

1. General information

The company is a private company limited by shares, registered in England and Wales. The address of the
registered office is Adam House, 7-10 Adam Street, London, WC2N 6AA.

2. Statement of compliance

These abridged financial statements have been prepared in compliance with Section 1A of FRS 102, ‘The Financial
Reporting Standard applicable in the UK and the Republic of Ireland’.

3. Accounting policies

Basis of preparation

The abridged financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, as modified by the revaluation
of certain financial assets and liabilities and investment properties measured at fair value through profit or loss.

The abridged financial statements are prepared in sterling, which is the functional currency of the entity.
Judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty

The preparation of the financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions
that affect the amounts reported. These estimates and judgements are continually reviewed and are based on
experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the
circumstances.

Revenue recognition

Turnover is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for goods supplied and services
rendered, net of discounts and Value Added Tax. Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised when the
significant risks and rewards of ownership have transferred to the buyer (usually on despatch of the goods); the
amount of revenue can be measured reliably; it is probable that the associated economic benefits will flow to the
entity; and the costs incurred or to be incurred in respect of the transactions can be measured reliably.

Income tax

The taxation expense represents the aggregate amount of current and deferred tax recognised in the reporting
period. Tax is recognised in profit or loss, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other
comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, tax is recognised in other comprehensive income or
directly in equity, respectively. Current tax is recognised on taxable profit for the current and past periods. Current
tax is measured at the amounts of tax expected to pay or recover using the tax rates and laws that have been
enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date



===== page 5 =====
Deferred tax is recognised in respect of all timing differences at the reporting date. Unrelieved tax losses and other
deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that they will be recovered against the reversal
of deferred tax liabilities or other future taxable profits. Deferred tax is measured using the tax rates and laws that
have been enacted or substantively enacted by the reporting date that are expected to apply to the reversal of the
timing difference.
Intangible assets
Intangible assets are initially recorded at cost, and are subsequently stated at cost less any accumulated
amortisation and impairment losses. Any intangible assets carried at revalued amounts, are recorded at the fair
value at the date of revaluation, as determined by reference to an active market, less any subsequent accumulated
amortisation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses. Intangible assets acquired as part of a business
combination are only recognised separately from goodwill when they arise from contractual or other legal rights, are
separable, the expected future economic benefits are probable and the cost or value can be measured reliably.
Amortisation
Amortisation is calculated so as to write off the cost of an asset, less its estimated residual value, over the useful
life of that asset as follows:

User defined 1 - 20% straight line

If there is an indication that there has been a significant change in amortisation rate, useful life or residual value of
an intangible asset, the amortisation is revised prospectively to reflect the new estimates.

Tangible assets

Tangible assets are initially recorded at cost, and subsequently stated at cost less any accumulated depreciation
and impairment losses. Any tangible assets carried at revalued amounts are recorded at the fair value at the date
of revaluation less any subsequent accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses. An
increase in the carrying amount of an asset as a result of a revaluation, is recognised in other comprehensive
income and accumulated in equity, except to the extent it reverses a revaluation decrease of the same asset
previously recognised in profit or loss. A decrease in the carrying amount of an asset as a result of revaluation, is
recognised in other comprehensive income to the extent of any previously recognised revaluation increase
accumulated in equity in respect of that asset. Where a revaluation decrease exceeds the accumulated revaluation
gains accumulated in equity in respect of that asset, the excess shall be recognised in profit or loss.


===== page 6 =====
Depreciation
Depreciation is calculated so as to write off the cost or valuation of an asset, less its residual value, over the useful
economic life of that asset as follows:

Fixtures and fittings - 33% straight line

Equipment - 33% straight line

Impairment of fixed assets

A review for indicators of impairment is carried out at each reporting date, with the recoverable amount being
estimated where such indicators exist. Where the carrying value exceeds the recoverable amount, the asset is
impaired accordingly. Prior impairments are also reviewed for possible reversal at each reporting date. For the
purposes of impairment testing, when it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset,
an estimate is made of the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. The
cash-generating unit is the smallest identifiable group of assets that includes the asset and generates cash inflows
that largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets. For impairment testing of
goodwill, the goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to each of the
cash-generating units thal are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, irrespective of whether
other assets or liabilities of the company are assigned to those units.

Financial instruments

A financial asset or a financial liability is recognised only when the company becomes a party to the contractual
provisions of the instrument. Basic financial instruments are initially recognised at the transaction price, unless the
arrangement constitutes a financing transaction, where it is recognised at the present value of the future payments
discounted at a market rate of interest for a similar debt instrument. Debt instruments are subsequently measured
at amortised cost. Where investments in non-convertible preference shares and non-puttable ordinary shares or
preference shares are publicly traded or their fair value can otherwise be measured reliably, the investment is
subsequently measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss. All other such
investments are subsequently measured at cost less impairment. Other financial instruments, including derivatives,
are initially recognised at fair value, unless payment for an asset is deferred beyond normal business terms or
financed at a rate of interest that is not a market rate, in which case the asset is measured at the present value of
the future payments discounted at a market rate of interest for a similar debt instrument. Other financial instruments.
are subsequently measured at fair value, with any changes recognised in profit or loss, with the exception of
hedging instruments in a designated hedging relationship.


===== page 7 =====
Financial assets that are measured at cost or amortised cost are reviewed for objective evidence of impairment at
the end of each reporting date. If there is objective evidence of impairment, an impairment loss is recognised in
profit or loss immediately. For all equity instruments regardless of significance, and other financial assets that are
individually significant, these are assessed individually for impairment. Other financial assets are either assessed
individually or grouped on the basis of similar credit risk characteristics. Any reversals of impairment are recognised
in profit or loss immediately, to the extent that the reversal does not result in a carrying amount of the financial
asset that exceeds what the carrying amount would have been had the impairment not previously been recognised.
Defined contribution plans

Contributions to defined contribution plans are recognised as an expense in the period in which the related service
is provided. Prepaid contributions are recognised as an asset to the extent that the prepayment will lead to a
reduction in future payments or a cash refund. When contributions are not expected to be settled wholly within 12
months of the end of the reporting date in which the employees render the related service, the liability is measured
on a discounted present value basis. The unwinding of the discount is recognised as a finance cost in profit or loss
in the period in which it arises.

4. Employee numbers

The average number of persons employed by the company during the year amounted to 14 (2018: 9 ).

5. Intangible assets

£
Cost
At1 January 2019 and 31 December 2019 39,755
Amortisation
At 1 January 2019 12,589
Charge for the year 27,166

At 31 December 2019 39,755

Carrying amount
At 31 December 2019 -

At 31 December 2018 27,166


===== page 8 =====
6. Tangible assets

Cost
At 1 January 2019
Additions

At 31 December 2019

Depreciation
At 1 January 2019
Charge for the year

At 31 December 2019

Carrying amount
At 31 December 2019

At 31 December 2018

13,502
10,919

24,421



===== page 9 =====
This document was delivered using electronic communications and authenticated in accordance with the
registrar's rules relating to electronic form, authentication and manner of delivery under section 1072 of
the Companies Act 2006.
