

===== page 1 =====
CQ ADDLESHAW
CG GODDARD

Company No. 09869494

The Companies Act 2006

Private Company Limited by Shares

ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
of

LIONPOINT GROUP (UK) LIMITED

Incorporated on 12 November 2015

20 Ma:
(adopted by special resolution passed on

‘Astcles of Association - Lionpoint UK - AG Draft:48485073_1

4021)

NM


===== page 2 =====
Company No. 09869494

The Companies Act 2006

Private Company Limited by Shares

ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
of

LIONPOINT GROUP (UK) LIMITED
(Company)

Incorporated on 12 November 2015

(adopted by special resolution passed on 20 May2021)

1 Default articles not to apply
Neither the regulations in The Companies (Model Articles) Regulations 2008 nor any other
articles or regulations prescribing the form of articles applicable to the Company under any
former enactment relating to companies shall apply to the Company.

2 Defined terms
In the articles, unless the context requires otherwise:

articles means the company's articles of association

bankruptcy includes individual insolvency proceedings in a jurisdiction other than England and
Wales or Northern Ireland which have an effect similar to that of bankruptcy

chair has the meaning given in article 13
chair of the meeting has the meaning given in article 50

Companies Acts means the Companies Acts (as defined in section 2 of the Companies Act
2006), in so far as they apply to the company

Company Communication Provisions means the company communication provisions in the
CA 2006 (being the provisions at sections 1144 to 1148 and Schedules 4 and 5)

director means a director of the company, and includes any person occupying the position of
director, by whatever name called

distribution recipient has the meaning given in article 41


===== page 3 =====
document includes, unless otherwise specified, any document sent or supplied in electronic
form

electronic form has the meaning given in section 1168 of the Companies Act 2006

fully paid in relation to a share, means that the nominal value and any premium to be paid to
the company in respect of that share have been paid to the company

hard copy form has the meaning given in section 1168 of the Companies Act 2006

holder in relation to shares means the person whose name is entered in the register of members
as the holder of the shares

instrument means a document in hard copy form

ordinary resolution has the meaning given in section 282 of the Companies Act 2006
paid means paid or credited as paid

participate, in relation to a directors' meeting, has the meaning given in article 11
proxy notice has the meaning given in article 56

Secured Institution has the meaning given in article 33.1(a)(i)

shareholder means a person who is the holder of a share

shares means shares in the company

special resolution has the meaning given in section 283 of the Companies Act 2006
subsidiary has the meaning given in section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006

transmittee means a person entitled to a share by reason of the death or bankruptcy of a
shareholder or otherwise by operation of law

writing means the representation or reproduction of words, symbols or other information in a
visible form by any method or combination of methods, whether sent or supplied in electronic

form or otherwise

Unless the context otherwise requires, other words or expressions contained in these articles
bear the same meaning as in the Companies Act 2006 as in force on the date when these
articles become binding on the company.

Liability of members
The liability of the members is limited to the amount, if any, unpaid on the shares held by them.
Directors' general authority

Subject to the articles, the directors are responsible for the management of the company's
business, for which purpose they may exercise all the powers of the company.


===== page 4 =====
5.1

5.2

6.1

6.2

6.3

71

7.2

8.1

8.2

Shareholders' reserve power

The shareholders may, by special resolution, direct the directors to take, or refrain from taking,
specified action.

No such special resolution invalidates anything which the directors have done before the
passing of the resolution.

Directors may delegate

Subject to the articles, the directors may delegate any of the powers which are conferred on
them under the articles:

(a) to such person or committee;

(b) by such means (including by power of attorney);

(c) to such an extent;
(d) in relation to such matters or territories; and
(e) on such terms and conditions;

as they think fit.

If the directors so specify, any such delegation may authorise further delegation of the directors’
powers by any person to whom they are delegated.

The directors may revoke any delegation in whole or part, or alter its terms and conditions.
Committees

Committees to which the directors delegate any of their powers must follow procedures which
are based as far as they are applicable on those provisions of the articles which govern the

taking of decisions by directors.

The directors may make rules of procedure for all or any committees, which prevail over rules
derived from the articles if they are not consistent with them.

Directors to take decisions collectively

The general rule about decision-making by directors is that any decision of the directors must
be either a majority decision at a meeting or a decision taken in accordance with articles 8.1 to
8.3 of these articles.

If:

(a) the company only has one director, and

(b) no provision of the articles requires it to have more than one director,

the general rule does not apply, and the director may take decisions without regard to
any of the provisions of the articles relating to directors' decision-making.


===== page 5 =====
8.3

9.1

9.2

9.3

10

10.1

10.2

10.3

10.4

1

Without prejudice to the provisions of article 8.2, a sole director may take decisions by way of
written resolution.

Unanimous decisions

A decision of the directors is taken in accordance with this article 9 when all eligible directors
indicate by any means that they share a common view on a matter.

Such a decision may take the form of a resolution in writing, where each eligible director has
signed one or more copies of it, or to which each eligible director has otherwise indicated
agreement in writing. A proposed directors’ written resolution is adopted when all the directors
who would have been entitled to vote on the resolution at a directors' meeting have signed one
or more copies of it.

A decision may not be taken in accordance with this article if the eligible directors would not
have formed a quorum had the matter been proposed as a resolution at a directors' meeting.

Calling a directors’ meeting

Any director may call a directors' meeting by giving notice of the meeting to the directors or by
authorising the company secretary (if any) to give such notice.

Notice of any directors’ meeting must indicate:
(a) its proposed date and time;
(b) where it is to take place; and

(c) if itis anticipated that directors participating in the meeting will not be in the same place,
how it is proposed that they should communicate with each other during the meeting.

Notice of a directors’ meeting must be given to each director, but need not be in writing.

Notice of a directors' meeting need not be given to directors who waive their entitlement to notice
of that meeting, by giving notice to that effect to the company not more than 7 days after the
date on which the meeting is held. Where such notice is given after the meeting has been held,
that does not affect the validity of the meeting, or of any business conducted at it.

Participation in directors' meetings

Subject to the articles, directors participate in a directors' meeting, or part of a directors’ meeting,
when:

(a) the meeting has been called and takes place in accordance with the articles, and

(b) they can each communicate to the others any information or opinions they have on any
particular item of the business of the meeting.

In determining whether directors are participating in a directors’ meeting, it is irrelevant where
any director is or how they communicate with each other.

If all the directors participating in a meeting are not in the same place, they may decide that the
meeting is to be treated as taking place wherever any of them is.


===== page 6 =====
12

12.1

12.2

12.3

12.4

13

13.1

13.2

13.3

13.4

14

14.2

15

15.1

15.2

Quorum for directors' meetings

At a directors' meeting, unless a quorum is participating, no proposal is to be voted on, except
a proposal to call another meeting.

The quorum for directors' meetings may be fixed from time to time by a decision of the directors,
but it must never be less than two, and unless otherwise fixed it is two.

If the total number of directors for the time being is less than the quorum required, the directors
must not take any decision other than a decision:

(a) to appoint further directors, or
(b) to call a general meeting so as to enable the shareholders to appoint further directors.

Provided that a director has disclosed any interest he may have in accordance with the CA
2006, a director may vote at a meeting of directors or of a committee of directors on a resolution
or participate in any unanimous decision concerning any matter in which he is interested, and
(whether or not he votes or participates) he may be counted in the quorum when that resolution
or matter is considered.

Chairing of directors’ meetings

The directors may appoint a director to chair their meetings.

The person so appointed for the time being is known as the chair.
The directors may terminate the chair's appointment at any time.

If the chair is not participating in a directors' meeting within ten minutes of the time at which it
was to start, the participating directors must appoint one of themselves to chair it.

Casting vote

If the numbers of votes for and against a proposal are equal, the chair or other director chairing
the meeting has a casting vote.

But this does not apply if, in accordance with the articles, the chair or other director is not to be
counted as participating in the decision-making process for quorum or voting purposes.

Conflicts of interest

For the purposes of section 175 of the CA 2006, the directors shall have the power to authorise,
on such terms (including as regards duration and revocation) and subject to such limits or
conditions (if any) as they may determine (Conflict Authorisation), any matter proposed to
them in accordance with these articles which would, or might, if not so authorised, constitute or
give rise to a situation in which a director (Relevant Director) has, or could have, a direct or
indirect interest which conflicts, or possibly may conflict, with the interests of the Company
(Conflict Situation). Any Conflict Authorisation shall extend to any actual or possible conflict of
interest which may reasonably be expected to arise out of the Conflict Situation so authorised.

Where directors give a Conflict Authorisation:

(a) the terms of such Conflict Authorisation shall be recorded in writing (but the
authorisation shall be effective whether or not the terms are so recorded);


===== page 7 =====
15.3

15.4

(b) the directors may revoke or vary such Conflict Authorisation at any time but this will not
affect anything done by the Relevant Director prior to such revocation or variation in
accordance with the terms of such authorisation; and

(c) the Relevant Director shall be obliged to act in accordance with any terms, limits or
conditions to which such Conflict Authorisation is made subject.

Any terms to which a Conflict Authorisation is made subject (Conflict Authorisation Terms)
may include (without limitation to article 15.1) provision that:

(a) where the Relevant Director obtains (other than in his capacity as a director of the
Company or as its employee or agent or, if the directors so decide, in any other capacity
that would otherwise oblige him to disclose it to the Company) information that is
confidential to a third party, he will not be obliged to disclose it to the Company or to
use it directly or indirectly for the benefit of the Company or in performing his duties as
a director of the Company in circumstances where to do so would amount to a breach
of a duty of confidence owed to that third party; and/or

(b) the Relevant Director may (but shall be under no obligation to) absent himself from the
discussion of, and/or the making of decisions relating to, the relevant matter (whether
at any meeting of the directors or otherwise) and be excused from reviewing documents
and information prepared by or for the directors to the extent that they relate to that
matter; and/or

(c) the Relevant Director may be excluded from the receipt of or access to documents and
information, the participation in discussion and/or the making of decisions (whether at
directors' meetings or otherwise) related to the relevant matter,

and the Company will not treat anything done (or omitted to be done) by the Relevant Director
in accordance with any such provision (or otherwise in accordance with any Conflict
Authorisation Terms given under article 15.1) as a breach by him of his duties under
sections 172 to 174 (inclusive) of the CA 2006.

Subject to article 15.5 but without prejudice to article 15.1 to article 15.3, authorisation is given
by the shareholders for the time being on the terms of these articles to each director in respect
of any Conflict Situation that exists as at the date of adoption of these articles or that
subsequently arises because (in either case) the director is or becomes a shareholder, investor
or other participant in, lender to, guarantor, director, officer, manager or employee of, or
otherwise in any other way interested or concerned in, any member of the Relevant Group
(Group Conflict Authorisation). The Conflict Authorisation Terms applicable to the Group
Conflict Authorisation (Group Conflict Authorisation Terms) are automatically set by this
article 15.4 so that the director concerned:

(a) is not obliged to disclose to the Company information that is confidential to a third party
obtained by him (other than in his capacity as a director of the Company or as its
employee or agent or, if the directors so decide, in any other capacity that would
otherwise oblige him to disclose it to the Company) in any situation to which the Group
Conflict Authorisation applies, nor to use any such information directly or indirectly for
the benefit of the Company or in performing his duties as a director of the Company, in
circumstances where to do so would amount to a breach of a duty of confidence owed
to that third party; and

(b) may (but shall be under no obligation to):


===== page 8 =====
15.5

15.6

15.7

15.8

15.9

16

16.1

(i) absent himself from the discussions of, and/or the making of decisions relating
to the Conflict Situation concerned;

(ii) make arrangements not to receive documents and information relating to the
Conflict Situation concerned,

and the Company will not treat anything done (or omitted to be done) by the director
concerned in accordance with the Group Conflict Authorisation Terms as a breach by
him of his duties under sections 172 to 174 (inclusive) of the CA 2006.

A Group Conflict Authorisation given or deemed given under article 15.4 may be revoked, varied
or reduced in its scope or effect by special resolution.

For the purposes of any meeting (or part of a meeting) held or decision taken pursuant to this
article 15 to authorise a Conflict Situation, if there is only one eligible director in office other than
the Relevant Director, the quorum for such meeting (or part of meeting) shall be one eligible
director. Article 11.2 shall be modified accordingly.

In this article 15 Relevant Group comprises:
(a) the Company;

(b) each (if any) body corporate which is for the time being a wholly owned subsidiary of
the Company;

(c) each (if any) body corporate of which the Company is for the time being a wholly owned
subsidiary (Parent); and

(d) each (if any) body corporate (not falling within any preceding paragraph of this
definition) which is for the time being a wholly owned subsidiary of the Parent.

Subject to article 15.9, if a question arises at a meeting of directors or of a committee of directors
as to the right of a director to participate in the meeting (or part of the meeting) for voting or
quorum purposes, the question may, before the conclusion of the meeting, be referred to the
chair whose ruling in relation to any director other than the chair is to be final and conclusive.

If any question as to the right to participate in the meeting (or part of the meeting) should arise
in respect of the chair, the question is to be decided by a decision of the directors at that meeting,
for which purpose the chair is not to be counted as participating in the meeting (or that part of
the meeting) for voting or quorum purposes.

Directors permitted to retain benefits

A director is not required, by reason of being a director, to account to the Company for any
profit, remuneration or other benefit which he derives from or in connection with:

(a) a Conflict Situation which has been authorised by the directors pursuant to article 15,
or by the shareholders (subject to any terms, limits or conditions attaching to such
authorisation);

(b) being interested in any contract, arrangement, transaction or proposal with the

Company or in which the Company is otherwise interested;

(c) holding any other office or place of profit under the Company, except that of auditor, in
conjunction with the office of director and acting by himself or through his firm in a


===== page 9 =====
16.2

17

17.1

17.2

18

19

19.1

19.2

19.3

19.4

19.5

professional capacity for the Company (and being entitled to remuneration as the
directors may arrange, either in addition to or in lieu of any remuneration provided for
by any other article); and

(d) being a director or other officer of, or employed by, or a party to any contract,
arrangement, transaction or proposal with or otherwise interested in, any body
corporate promoted by the Company or in which the Company is otherwise interested
or as regards which the Company has any powers of appointment.

The Company will not treat the receipt by the director of any profit, remuneration or other benefit
referred to in article 16.1 as a breach of duty under section 176 of the CA 2006. No such
contract, arrangement, transaction or proposal shall be avoided on the grounds of any such
interest, profit, remuneration or other benefit.

Records of decisions to be kept

The directors must ensure that the Company keeps a record, in writing, for at least 10 years
from the date of the decision recorded, of every unanimous or majority decision taken by the
directors or decision taken by a sole director.

Where decisions of the directors are taken by electronic means, such decisions shall be
recorded by the directors in permanent form so that they can be read with the naked eye.

Directors' discretion to make further rules

Subject to the articles, the directors may make, vary, relax or repeal any rule which they think
fit about how they take decisions, and about how such rules are to be recorded or communicated
to directors.

Methods of appointing directors

Any person who is willing to act as a director, and is permitted by law to do so, may be appointed
to be a director:

(a) by ordinary resolution, or
(b) by a decision of the directors.

In any case where, as a result of death, the company has no shareholders and no directors, the
personal representatives of the last shareholder to have died have the right, by notice in writing,
to appoint a person to be a director.

For the purposes of article 19.2, where two or more shareholders die in circumstances rendering
it uncertain who was the last to die, a younger shareholder is deemed to have survived an older
shareholder.

A holder or holders of over half in nominal value of the issued ordinary share capital for the time
being in the Company shall have power from time to time and at any time to appoint any person
as a director or directors either as an additional director or to fill any vacancy and to remove
from office any director howsoever appointed and notwithstanding any agreement between the
Company and the director.

Any such appointment or removal shall be effected by an instrument in writing signed by the
holder or holders making the same. In the case of a holder being a body corporate, such


===== page 10 =====
19.6

20

22

22.1

22.2

instrument may be executed by any person duly authorised on its behalf including by any
director or other officer of such holder.

An instrument for the purposes of this article 19 shall take effect upon lodgement at the
registered office of the Company or at such later date after its lodgement as may be specified
in the instrument and (in the case of the appointment of a person not already a director or an

alternate) shall be accompanied by his consent to act as a director in the form prescribed by the
CA 2006.

Termination of director's appointment
A person ceases to be a director as soon as:

(a) that person ceases to be a director by virtue of any provision of the Companies Act 2006
or is prohibited from being a director by law;

(b) a bankruptcy order is made against that person;

(c) a composition is made with that person's creditors generally in satisfaction of that
person's debts;

(d) a registered medical practitioner who is treating that person gives a written opinion to
the company stating that that person has become physically or mentally incapable of
acting as a director and may remain so for more than 3 months; and

(e) notification is received by the company from the director that the director is resigning
as a director from office, and such resignation has taken effect in accordance with its
terms.

Directors’ remuneration

Directors may undertake any services for the company that the directors decide.

Directors are entitled to such remuneration as the directors determine:

(a) for their services to the company as directors, and

(b) for any other service which they undertake for the company.

Subject to the articles, a director's remuneration may take any form.

Unless the directors decide otherwise, directors' remuneration accrues from day to day.
Unless the directors decide otherwise, directors are not accountable to the company for any
remuneration which they receive as directors or other officers or employees of the company's
subsidiaries or of any other body corporate in which the company is interested.

Appointment of alternate directors

A director (other than an alternate director) may by notice in writing delivered to the Company,
or in any other manner approved by the directors, appoint any person willing to act to be his

alternate.

The appointment of an alternate director who is not already a director or alternate director shall:


===== page 11 =====
23

23.1

23.2

23.3

23.4

23.5

23.6

24

(a) require the approval of the directors; and

(b) not be effective until his consent to act as a director in the form prescribed by the CA
2006 has been received by the Company.

Rights and responsibilities of alternate directors

An alternate director shall (subject to his giving to the Company an address within the United
Kingdom at which notices may be served on him) have the same rights in relation to any decision
of the directors as his appointor and in particular shall (without limitation) be entitled to receive
notice of all meetings of the directors and all committees of which his appointor is a member
and, in the absence from such meetings of his appointor, to attend and vote at such meetings.
and to exercise all the powers, rights, duties and authorities of his appointor (other than the
power to appoint an alternate director).

An alternate director shall have the same capacity as any other director to execute a document
in the name of the Company or to attest the affixing of its seal.

A person who is an alternate director but not a director:

(a) may be counted as participating for the purposes of determining whether a quorum is.
participating (but only if that person's appointor is not participating); and

(b) may participate in a unanimous decision of the directors (but only if that person's
appointor is not participating).

A director acting as alternate director shall have a separate vote for each director for whom he
acts as alternate in addition to his own, but he shall count as only one for the purpose of
determining whether a quorum is present. A person (not himself a director) who acts as alternate
director for more than one director shall have a separate vote for each director for whom he acts
as alternate, but he shall count as only one for the purpose of determining whether a quorum is
present.

An alternate director shall be entitled to contract and be interested in and benefit from contracts
or arrangements with the Company and to be repaid expenses and to be indemnified in the
same way and to the same extent as a director. However, he shall not be entitled to receive
from the Company any fees for his services as alternate, except only such part (if any) of the
fee payable to his appointor as such appointor may by notice to the Company direct. Subject to
this article 23 the Company shall pay to an alternate director such expenses as might properly
have been paid to him if he had been a director.

Every person acting as an alternate director shall be an officer of the Company, shall alone be
responsible to the Company for his own acts and defaults and shall not be deemed to be the
agent of the director appointing him.

Termination of appointment of alternate director

An alternate director shall cease to be an alternate director:

(a) if his appointor revokes his appointment by notice in writing delivered to the Company,
or in any other manner approved by the directors; or

(b) if his appointor ceases for any reason to be a director; or

10


===== page 12 =====
25

26

27

28

28.1

28.2

29

(c) if any event happens in relation to him which causes his office as director to be vacated
or (if not himself a director) would do so if he were himself a director.

Acts of directors

Subject to the provisions of CA 2006, all acts done by a meeting of directors or by a person
acting as a director shall, notwithstanding that it be afterwards discovered that there was a
defect in the appointment of any director or that any of them were disqualified from holding
office, or had vacated office, or were not entitled to vote, be as valid as if every such person had
been duly appointed and was qualified and had continued to be a director and had been entitled
to vote.

Gratuities and pensions

The directors may, on behalf of the Company, exercise all the powers of the Company to provide
benefits, whether by the payment of gratuities or pensions or by insurance or in any other
manner (whether similar to the foregoing or not), for any director or former director or any
relation, connection or dependant of any director or former director who holds or has held any
executive office or employment with the Company or with any body corporate which is or has
been a subsidiary of the Company or with a predecessor in business of the Company or of any
such subsidiary and may contribute to any fund and pay premiums for the purchase or provision
of any such benefit. No director or former director shall be accountable to the Company or the
members for any benefit permitted by this article 26 and the receipt of any such benefit shall not
disqualify any person from being or becoming a director of the Company.

Directors’ expenses

The company may pay any reasonable expenses which the directors properly incur (including
alternate directors) and the secretary in connection with their attendance at:

(a) meetings of directors or committees of directors,
(b) general meetings, or

(c) separate meetings of the holders of any class of shares or of debentures of the
company,

or otherwise in connection with the exercise of their powers and the discharge of their
responsibilities in relation to the company.

Powers to issue different classes of share
Subject to the articles, but without prejudice to the rights attached to any existing share, the
company may issue shares with such rights or restrictions as may be determined by ordinary

resolution.

The company may issue shares which are to be redeemed, or are liable to be redeemed at the
option of the company or the holder, and the directors may determine the terms, conditions and
manner of redemption of any such shares.

Company not bound by less than absolute interests

Except as required by law, no person is to be recognised by the company as holding any share
upon any trust, and except as otherwise required by law or the articles, the company is not in

1


===== page 13 =====
30

30.1

30.2

30.3

30.4

30.5

31

32

32.1

any way to be bound by or recognise any interest in a share other than the holder's absolute
ownership of it and all the rights attaching to it.

Share certificates

The company must issue each shareholder, free of charge, with one or more certificates in
respect of the shares which that shareholder holds.

Every certificate must specify:

(a) in respect of how many shares, of what class, it is issued;

(b) the nominal value of those shares;

(c) the amounts paid up on them; and

(d) any distinguishing numbers assigned to them.

No certificate may be issued in respect of shares of more than one class.
If more than one person holds a share, only one certificate may be issued in respect of it.
Certificates must:

(a) have affixed to them the company's common seal, or

(b) be otherwise executed in accordance with the Companies Acts.
Replacement share certificates

If a certificate issued in respect of a shareholder's shares is:

(a) damaged or defaced, or

(b) said to be lost, stolen or destroyed,

that shareholder is entitled to be issued with a replacement certificate in respect of the same
shares.

A shareholder exercising the right to be issued with such a replacement certificate:

(a) may at the same time exercise the right to be issued with a single certificate or separate
certificates;

(b) must return the certificate which is to be replaced to the company if it is damaged or
defaced; and

(c) must comply with such conditions as to evidence, indemnity and the payment of
reasonable expenses.

Share transfers

Shares may be transferred by means of an instrument of transfer in any usual form or any other
form approved by the directors, which is executed by or on behalf of:

(a) the transferor; and

12


===== page 14 =====
32.2

32.3

32.4

32.5

33

33.1

33.2

(b) (if any of the shares is not fully paid) the transferee.

No fee may be charged for registering any instrument of transfer or other document relating to
or affecting the title to any share.

The company may retain any instrument of transfer which is registered.

The transferor remains the holder of a share until the transferee's name is entered in the register
of members as holder of it.

Subject to article 33, the directors may, in their absolute discretion, refuse to register any transfer
of a share, whether it is fully paid or not.

Transfer of shares to Secured Institutions

Notwithstanding anything contained in these articles, whether expressly or impliedly
contradictory to the provisions of this article 33 (to the effect that any provision contained in this
article 33 shall override any other provision of these articles):

(a) The directors shall not decline to register any transfer of shares, nor may they suspend
registration thereof, where such transfer:

(i) Is to any bank, institution or other person which has been granted a security
interest in respect of such shares, or to any nominee of such a bank, institution
or other person (or a person acting as agent or security trustee for such person)
(Secured Institution) (and a certificate by any such person or an employee of
any such person that a security interest over the shares was so granted and
the transfer was so executed shall be conclusive evidence of such facts); or

(ii) Is delivered to the Company for registration by a Secured Institution or its
nominee in order to perfect its security over the shares; or

(iii) Is executed by a Secured Institution or its nominee pursuant to a power of sale
or other power existing under such security,

and the directors shall forthwith register any such transfer of shares upon receipt and
furthermore, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in these articles, no
transferor of any shares in the Company or proposed transferor of such shares to a
Secured Institution or its nominee and no Secured Institution or its nominee shall (in
either such case) be required to offer the shares which are or are to be the subject of
any transfer as aforesaid to the shareholders for the time being of the Company or any
of them and no such shareholder shall have any right under the articles or otherwise
howsoever to require such shares to be transferred to them whether for any valuable
consideration or otherwise.

(b) The directors shall not issue any share certificates (whether by way of replacement or
otherwise) without the prior written consent of (or on behalf of) all (if any) Secured
Institutions.

(c) The lien set out in article 38 shall not apply to shares held by a Secured Institution.

Any variation of this article 33 shall be deemed to be a variation of the rights of each class of
share in the capital of the Company.

13


===== page 15 =====
34

34.1

34.2

34.3

34.4

34.5

35

35.1

35.2

35.3

36

37

Transmission of shares

If title to a share passes to a transmittee, the company may only recognise the transmittee as
having any title to that share.

A transmittee who produces such evidence of entitlement to shares as the directors may
properly require:

(a) may, subject to the articles, choose either to become the holder of those shares or to
have them transferred to another person, and

(b) subject to the articles, and pending any transfer of the shares to another person, has
the same rights as the holder had.

But transmittees do not have the right to attend or vote at a general meeting, or agree to a
proposed written resolution, in respect of shares to which they are entitled, by reason of the
holder's death or bankruptcy or otherwise, unless they become the holders of those shares.

The directors may at any time give notice requiring any transmittee to elect either to be
registered himself in respect of the share or to transfer the share and, if the notice is not
complied with within 60 days, the directors may thereafter withhold payment of all dividends,
bonuses or other moneys payable in respect of the share until the requirements of the notice
shall have been complied with.

Nothing in these articles releases the estate of a deceased holder from any liability in respect
of a share solely or jointly held by that holder.

Exercise of transmittees' rights

Transmittees who wish to become the holders of shares to which they have become entitled
must notify the company in writing of that wish.

If the transmittee wishes to have a share transferred to another person, the transmittee must
execute an instrument of transfer in respect of it.

Any transfer made or executed under this article is to be treated as if it were made or executed
by the person from whom the transmittee has derived rights in respect of the share, and as if
the event which gave rise to the transmission had not occurred.

Transmittees bound by prior notices

If a notice is given to a shareholder in respect of shares and a transmittee is entitled to those
shares, the transmittee is bound by the notice if it was given to the shareholder before the
transmittee's name, or the name of any person nominated under article 32.2, has been entered
in the register of members.

Share Capital

By virtue of section 567(1) of the CA 2006, the provisions of sections 561 and 562 of the
CA 2006 shall not apply to an allotment of equity securities (as defined in section 560(1) of the
CA 2006) made by the Company.

14


===== page 16 =====
38

39

39.1

39.2

39.3

39.4

39.5

39.6

Lien on Shares

The Company shall have a first and paramount lien (Company's lien) over every share
(whether fully paid or not), standing registered in the name of any holder, whether he is their
sole holder or is one of two or more joint holders, for all money presently payable by him or his
estate to the Company. The directors may resolve that any share be exempt wholly or in part
from this article 38.

Enforcement of the Company's Lien

For the purpose of enforcing the Company's lien on any shares, the directors may sell them in
such manner as they decide if an amount owing to the Company is presently payable and is not
paid within 14 days following the giving of a notice to the holder (or any transmittee) demanding
payment of the amount due within such 14 day period and stating that if the notice is not
complied with the shares may be sold.

Where shares are sold under this article 39:

(a) the directors may authorise any person to execute an instrument of transfer of the
shares to the purchaser or a person nominated by the purchaser (and any instrument
so executed shall be effective as if it had been executed by the holder of, or the
transmittee to, the shares to which it relates); and

(b) the transferee is not bound to see to the application of the consideration, and the
transferee's title is not affected by any irregularity in or invalidity of the process leading
to the sale.

The net proceeds of any sale of shares subject to the Company's lien under these articles (after
payment of the costs and expenses of sale) shall be applied in or towards satisfaction of the
amount then due to the Company. Any balance shall be paid to the original holder of, or the
person entitled (but for such sale) by transmission to, the shares on surrender to the Company
for cancellation of the certificate for such shares and subject to the Company having a lien on
such balance on the same basis as applied to such shares for any amount not presently payable
as existed on such shares before the sale.

A statutory declaration by a director or the company secretary that a share has been sold to
satisfy the Company's lien on a specified date shall be conclusive evidence of the facts stated
in it against all persons claiming to be entitled to the share. The declaration shall (subject to the
execution of any necessary instrument of transfer) constitute good title to the share.

If a share is subject to the Company's lien and the directors are entitled to issue a notice in
respect of it, they may, instead of issuing a notice, deduct from any dividend or other sum
payable in respect of the share any sum of money which is payable to the Company to the
extent that they are entitled to require payment under a lien enforcement notice. Money so
deducted must be used to pay any of the sums payable to the Company.

Where a deduction is made under article 39.5, the Company must notify the distribution recipient
in writing of the fact and amount of any such deduction, any non-payment of a dividend or other
sum payable in respect of a share resulting from any such deduction; and how the money
deducted has been applied.

15


===== page 17 =====
40.1

40.2

40.3

40.4

40.5

40.6

40.7

40.8

40.9

40.10

a

Procedure for declaring dividends

The company may by ordinary resolution declare dividends, and the directors may decide to
pay interim dividends.

A dividend must not be declared unless the directors have made a recommendation as to its
amount. Such a dividend must not exceed the amount recommended by the directors.

No dividend may be declared or paid unless it is in accordance with shareholders’ respective
rights.

Unless the shareholders’ resolution to declare or directors’ decision to pay a dividend, or the
terms on which shares are issued, specify otherwise, it must be paid by reference to each
shareholder's holding of shares on the date of the resolution or decision to declare or pay it.

If the company's share capital is divided into different classes, no interim dividend may be paid
on shares carrying deferred or non-preferred rights if, at the time of payment, any preferential
dividend is in arrears.

The directors may pay at intervals any dividend payable at a fixed rate if it appears to them that
the profits available for distribution justify the payment.

If the directors act in good faith, they do not incur any liability to the holders of shares conferring
preferred rights for any loss they may suffer by the lawful payment of an interim dividend on
shares with deferred or non-preferred rights.

Except as otherwise provided by the articles or the rights attached to shares, all dividends must
be:

(a) declared and paid according to the nominal amounts paid up on the shares on which
the dividend is paid; and

(b) apportioned and paid proportionately to the nominal amounts paid up on the shares
during any portion or portions of the period in respect of which the dividend is paid.

If any share is issued on terms providing that it ranks for dividend as from a particular date
(whether before, on or after allotment), that share ranks for dividend accordingly.

For the purposes of calculating dividends, no account is to be taken of any amount which has
been paid up on a share in advance of the due date for payment of that amount.

Payment of dividends and other distributions

Where a dividend or other sum which is a distribution is payable in respect of a share, it must
be paid by one or more of the following means:

(a) transfer to a bank or building society account specified by the distribution recipient either
in writing or as the directors may otherwise decide;

(b) sending a cheque made payable to the distribution recipient by post to the distribution
recipient at the distribution recipient's registered address (if the distribution recipient is
a holder of the share), or (in any other case) to an address specified by the distribution
recipient either in writing or as the directors may otherwise decide;

16


===== page 18 =====
41.2

42

43.1

43.2

43.3

44.41

(c) sending a cheque made payable to such person by post to such person at such address
as the distribution recipient has specified either in writing or as the directors may
otherwise decide; or

(d) any other means of payment as the directors agree with the distribution recipient either
in writing or by such other means as the directors decide.

In the articles, the distribution recipient means, in respect of a share in respect of which a
dividend or other sum is payable:

(a) the holder of the share; or

(b) if the share has two or more joint holders, whichever of them is named first in the register
of members; or

(c) if the holder is no longer entitled to the share by reason of death or bankruptcy, or
otherwise by operation of law, the transmittee.

No interest on distributions

The company may not pay interest on any dividend or other sum payable in respect of a share
unless otherwise provided by:

(a) the terms on which the share was issued, or

(b) the provisions of another agreement between the holder of that share and the company.
Unclaimed distributions

All dividends or other sums which are:

(a) payable in respect of shares, and

(b) unclaimed after having been declared or become payable,

may be invested or otherwise made use of by the directors for the benefit of the company until
claimed.

The payment of any such dividend or other sum into a separate account does not make the
company a trustee in respect of it.

If

(a) 12 years have passed from the date on which a dividend or other sum became due for
payment, and

(b) the distribution recipient has not claimed it,

the distribution recipient is no longer entitled to that dividend or other sum and it ceases to
remain owing by the company.

Non-cash distributions

Subject to the terms of issue of the share in question, the company may, by ordinary resolution
on the recommendation of the directors, decide to pay all or part of a dividend or other

17


===== page 19 =====
44.2

45

46.1

46.2

46.3

46.4

distribution payable in respect of a share by transferring non-cash assets of equivalent value
(including, without limitation, shares or other securities in any company).

For the purposes of paying a non-cash distribution, the directors may make whatever
arrangements they think fit, including, where any difficulty arises regarding the distribution:

(a) fixing the value of any assets;

(b) paying cash to any distribution recipient on the basis of that value in order to adjust the
tights of recipients; and

(c) vesting any assets in trustees.
Waiver of distributions

Distribution recipients may waive their entitlement to a dividend or other distribution payable in
respect of a share by giving the company notice in writing to that effect, but if:

(a) the share has more than one holder, or

(b) more than one person is entitled to the share, whether by reason of the death or
bankruptcy of one or more joint holders, or otherwise,

the notice is not effective unless it is expressed to be given, and signed, by all the holders or
persons otherwise entitled to the share.

Authority to capitalise and appropriation of capitalised sums

Subject to the articles, the directors may, if they are so authorised by an ordinary resolution:

(a) decide to capitalise any profits of the company (whether or not they are available for
distribution) which are not required for paying a preferential dividend, or any sum
standing to the credit of the company's share premium account or capital redemption
reserve; and

(b) appropriate any sum which they so decide to capitalise (a capitalised sum) to the
persons who would have been entitled to it if it were distributed by way of dividend (the
persons entitled) and in the same proportions.

Capitalised sums must be applied:

(a) on behalf of the persons entitled, and

(b) in the same proportions as a dividend would have been distributed to them.

Any capitalised sum may be applied in paying up new shares of a nominal amount equal to the

capitalised sum which are then allotted credited as fully paid to the persons entitled or as they

may direct.

Without prejudice to this article 46, a capitalised sum which was appropriated from profits
available for distribution may be applied:

(a) in or towards paying up any amounts unpaid on existing shares held by the persons
entitled; or

18


===== page 20 =====
46.5

47

48.1

48.2

48.3

48.4

48.5

49

50.1

(b) in paying up new debentures of the Company which are then allotted credited as fully
paid to the persons entitled or as they may direct.

Subject to the articles the directors may:

(a) apply capitalised sums in accordance with articles 46.3 and 46.4 partly in one way and
partly in another;

(b) make such arrangements as they think fit to deal with shares or debentures becoming
distributable in fractions under this article (including the issuing of fractional certificates
or the making of cash payments);and

(c) authorise any person to enter into an agreement with the company on behalf of all the
persons entitled which is binding on them in respect of the allotment of shares and
debentures to them under this article.

Notice of general meetings

Notice of any general meeting need not be given to any director in that capacity.

Attendance and speaking at general meetings

A person is able to exercise the right to speak at a general meeting when that person is in a

position to communicate to all those attending the meeting, during the meeting, any information

or opinions which that person has on the business of the meeting.

A person is able to exercise the right to vote at a general meeting when:

(a) that person is able to vote, during the meeting, on resolutions put to the vote at the
meeting, and

(b) that person's vote can be taken into account in determining whether or not such
resolutions are passed at the same time as the votes of all the other persons attending
the meeting.

The directors may make whatever arrangements they consider appropriate to enable those
attending a general meeting to exercise their rights to speak or vote at it.

In determining attendance at a general meeting, it is immaterial whether any two or more
members attending it are in the same place as each other.

Two or more persons who are not in the same place as each other attend a general meeting if
their circumstances are such that if they have (or were to have) rights to speak and vote at that
meeting, they are (or would be) able to exercise them.

Quorum for general meetings

No business other than the appointment of the chair of the meeting is to be transacted at a
general meeting if the persons attending it do not constitute a quorum.

Chairing general meetings

If the directors have appointed a chair, such person shall chair general meetings if present and
willing to do so.

19


===== page 21 =====
50.2

50.3

51

52

52.1

52.2

52.3

52.4

52.5

If the directors have not appointed a chair, or if the chair is unwilling to chair the meeting or is
not present within ten minutes of the time at which a meeting was due to start:

(a) the directors present, or
(b) (if no directors are present), the meeting,

must appoint a director or shareholder to chair the meeting, and the appointment of the
chair of the meeting must be the first business of the meeting.

The person chairing a meeting in accordance with this article is referred to as the chair of the
meeting.

Attendance and speaking by directors and non-shareholders

Directors may attend and speak at general meetings, whether or not they are shareholders.
The chair of the meeting may permit other persons who are not:

(a) shareholders of the company, or

(b) otherwise entitled to exercise the rights of shareholders in relation to general meetings,
to attend and speak at a general meeting.

Adjournment

If within 10 minutes from the time appointed for a general meeting a quorum is not present or,
if during a meeting a quorum ceases to be present, the meeting, if convened upon the request

of the shareholders in accordance with the CA 2006, shall be dissolved; in any other case, it
shall stand adjourned.

If a quorum is not present at any such adjourned meeting within 10 minutes from the time
appointed for that meeting, the meeting shall be dissolved.

The chair of the meeting may adjourn a general meeting at which a quorum is present if:

(a) the meeting consents to an adjournment, or

(b) it appears to the chair of the meeting that an adjournment is necessary to protect the
safety of any person attending the meeting or ensure that the business of the meeting
is conducted in an orderly manner.

The chair of the meeting must adjourn a general meeting if directed to do so by the meeting.

When adjourning a general meeting, the chair of the meeting must:

(a) either specify the time and place to which it is adjourned or state that it is to continue at
a time and place to be fixed by the directors, and

(b) have regard to any directions as to the time and place of any adjournment which have
been given by the meeting.

20


===== page 22 =====
52.6

52.7

54.1

54.2

55

55.1

55.2

55.3

55.4

55.5

If the continuation of an adjourned meeting is to take place more than 14 days after it was
adjourned, the company must give at least 7 clear days’ notice of it (that is, excluding the day
of the adjourned meeting and the day on which the notice is given):

(a) to the same persons to whom notice of the company's general meetings is required to
be given, and

(b) containing the same information which such notice is required to contain.

No business may be transacted at an adjourned general meeting which could not properly have
been transacted at the meeting if the adjournment had not taken place.

Voting: general

A resolution put to the vote of a general meeting must be decided on a show of hands unless a
poll is duly demanded in accordance with the articles.

Errors and disputes

No objection may be raised to the qualification of any person voting at a general meeting except
at the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the vote objected to is tendered, and every vote
not disallowed at the meeting is valid.

Any such objection must be referred to the chair of the meeting, whose decision is final.

Poll votes

A poll on a resolution may be demanded:

(a) in advance of the general meeting where it is to be put to the vote, or

(b) at a general meeting, either before a show of hands on that resolution or immediately
after the result of a show of hands on that resolution is declared.

A poll may be demanded at any general meeting by:
(a) the chair; or

(b) any qualifying person (as such term is defined in section 318 of the CA 2006) present
and entitled to vote at the meeting.

A demand for a poll may be withdrawn before the poll is taken, but only with the consent of the
chair. A demand so withdrawn shall not be taken to have invalidated the result of a show of
hands declared before the demand was made. If a poll is demanded before the declaration of
the result of a show of hands and the demand is duly withdrawn, the meeting shall continue as
if the demand had not been made.

Subject to the articles, polls at general meetings must be taken when, where and in such manner
as the chair of the meeting directs. The chair of the meeting may appoint scrutineers (who need
not be holders) and decide how and when the result of the poll is to be declared.

The result of a poll shall be the decision of the meeting in respect of the resolution on which the
poll was demanded.

21


===== page 23 =====
55.6

55.7

55.8

56.1

56.2

56.3

56.4

57

57.1

57.2

57.3

57.4

A poll on the election of the chair of the meeting or a question of adjournment must be taken
immediately. All other polls must be taken within 30 days of their being demanded.

A demand for a poll does not prevent a general meeting from continuing, except as regards the
question on which the poll was demanded.

No notice need be given of a poll not taken immediately if the time and place at which it is to be
taken are announced at the meeting at which it is demanded. In any other case, at least 7 days’
notice must be given specifying the time and place at which the poll is to be taken.

Content of proxy notices
Proxies may only validly be appointed by a notice in writing (proxy notice) which:
(a) states the name and address of the shareholder appointing the proxy;

(b) identifies the person appointed to be that shareholder's proxy and the general meeting
in relation to which that person is appointed;

(c) is signed by or on behalf of the shareholder appointing the proxy, or is authenticated in
such manner as the directors may determine; and

(d) is delivered to the company in accordance with the articles and any instructions
contained in the notice of the general meeting to which they relate.

The company may require proxy notices to be delivered in a particular form, and may specify
different forms for different purposes.

Proxy notices may specify how the proxy appointed under them is to vote (or that the proxy is
to abstain from voting) on one or more resolutions.

Unless a proxy notice indicates otherwise, it must be treated as:

(a) allowing the person appointed under it as a proxy discretion as to how to vote on any
ancillary or procedural resolutions put to the meeting, and

(b) appointing that person as a proxy in relation to any adjournment of the general meeting
to which it relates as well as the meeting itself.

Delivery of proxy notices

A person who is entitled to attend, speak or vote (either on a show of hands or on a poll) ata
general meeting remains so entitled in respect of that meeting or any adjournment of it, even
though a valid proxy notice has been delivered to the company by or on behalf of that person.

An appointment under a proxy notice may be revoked by delivering to the company a notice in
writing given by or on behalf of the person by whom or on whose behalf the proxy notice was
given.

A notice revoking a proxy appointment only takes effect if it is delivered before the start of the
meeting or adjourned meeting to which it relates.

If a proxy notice is not executed by the person appointing the proxy, it must be accompanied by

written evidence of the authority of the person who executed it to execute it on the appointor's
behalf.

22


===== page 24 =====
57.5

58.1

58.2

58.3

59

The omission or failure by any proxy to vote in accordance with any instructions given to him by
his appointor shall not invalidate any vote cast by him or any resolution passed at the general
meeting concerned.

Amendments to resolutions

An ordinary resolution to be proposed at a general meeting may be amended by ordinary
resolution if:

(a) notice of the proposed amendment is given to the company in writing by a person
entitled to vote at the general meeting at which it is to be proposed not less than 48
hours before the meeting is to take place (or such later time as the chair of the meeting
may determine), and

(b) the proposed amendment does not, in the reasonable opinion of the chair of the
meeting, materially alter the scope of the resolution.

A special resolution to be proposed at a general meeting may be amended by ordinary
resolution, if:

(a) the chair of the meeting proposes the amendment at the general meeting at which the
resolution is to be proposed, and

(b) the amendment does not go beyond what is necessary to correct a grammatical or other
non-substantive error in the resolution.

If the chair of the meeting, acting in good faith, wrongly decides that an amendment to a
resolution is out of order, the chair's error does not invalidate the vote on that resolution.

No voting of shares on which money is owed to the Company

No voting rights attached to a share may be exercising at any general meeting, at any
adjournment of it, or on any poll called at or in relation to it, unless all amounts due and payable
to the Company in respect of that share have been paid.

Change of name
The Company may change its name by decision of the directors.
Means of communication to be used

Any notice, document or information (including a share certificate) which is sent or supplied by
the Company:

(a) in hard copy form, or in electronic form but to be delivered other than by electronic
means, and which is sent by pre-paid post and properly addressed shall be deemed to
have been received by the intended recipient at the expiration of 24 hours (or, where
first class mail is not used, 48 hours) after the time it was posted, and in proving such
receipt it shall be sufficient to show that such notice, document or information was
properly addressed, pre-paid and posted;

(b) by electronic means shall be deemed to have been received by the intended recipient
24 hours after it was transmitted, and in proving such receipt it shall be sufficient to
show that such notice, document or information was properly addressed; and

23


===== page 25 =====
62

62.1

62.2

62.3

62.4

(c) by means of a website shall be deemed to have been received when the material was
first made available on the website or, if later, when the recipient received (or is deemed
to have received) notice of the fact that the material was available on the website.

Any accidental failure on the part of the Company to send, or the non-receipt by any person
entitled to, any notice of or other document or information relating to any meeting or other
proceeding shall not invalidate the relevant meeting or proceeding. This article shall have effect
in place of the Company Communications Provisions relating to deemed delivery of notices,
documents or information.

For the purposes of calculating the time when any notice, document or information sent or
supplied by the Company is deemed to have been received by the intended recipient for the
purposes of these articles (regardless of whether the period is expressed in hours or days) full
account shall be taken of any day, and any part of a day, that is not a working day. This
article shall have effect in place of the Company Communications Provisions regarding the
calculation of the time when any such notice, document or information is deemed to have been
received by the intended recipient.

Subject to the articles, anything sent or supplied by or to the company under the articles may
be sent or supplied in any way in which the Companies Act 2006 provides for documents or
information which are authorised or required by any provision of that Act to be sent or supplied
by or to the company.

Subject to the articles, any notice or document to be sent or supplied to a director in connection
with the taking of decisions by directors may also be sent or supplied by the means by which
that director has asked to be sent or supplied with such notices or documents for the time being.
A director may agree with the company that notices or documents sent to that director in a
particular way are to be deemed to have been received within a specified time of their being
sent, and for the specified time to be less than 48 hours.

Company seals

Any common seal may only be used by the authority of the directors.

The directors may decide by what means and in what form any common seal is to be used.
Unless otherwise decided by the directors, if the company has a common seal and it is affixed
to a document, the document must also be signed by at least one authorised person in the
presence of a witness who attests the signature.

For the purposes of this article, an authorised person is:

(a) any director of the company;

(b) the company secretary (if any); or

(c) (any person authorised by the directors for the purpose of signing documents to which
the common seal is applied.

24


===== page 26 =====
63

65

65.1

65.2

No right to inspect accounts and other records

Except as provided by law or authorised by the directors or an ordinary resolution of the
company, no person is entitled to inspect any of the company's accounting or other records or
documents merely by virtue of being a shareholder.

Provision for employees on cessation of business

The directors may decide to make provision for the benefit of persons employed or formerly
employed by the company or any of its subsidiaries (other than a director or former director or
shadow director) in connection with the cessation or transfer to any person of the whole or part
of the undertaking of the company or that subsidiary.

Indemnity
Subject to the CA 2006, the Company:

(a) shall, without prejudice to any other indemnity to which the person concerned may
otherwise be entitled, indemnify every relevant officer out of the assets of the Company
against all costs, charges, losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by him:

(i) in relation to the actual or purported execution and discharge of the duties of
such office; and

(ii) in relation to the Company's (or associated company's) activities in its capacity
as a trustee of an occupational pension scheme (as defined in section 235(6)
of the CA 2006);

(b) may provide any relevant officer with funds to meet his defence expenditure in respect
of any civil or criminal proceedings or regulatory investigation or other regulatory action
or in connection with any application for any category of relief permitted by the CA 2006
and may do anything to enable him to avoid incurring any such expenditure;

(c) may decide to purchase and maintain insurance, at the expense of the Company for
the benefit of any relevant officer in respect of any relevant loss.

In this article 65:

(a) companies are associated if one is a subsidiary of the other or both are subsidiaries of
the same body corporate;

(b) a relevant officer means any director, secretary, auditor or other officer of the Company
or an associated company (including any company which is a trustee of an occupational
pension scheme (as defined in section 235(6) of the CA 2006);

(c) a relevant loss means any loss or liability which has been or may be incurred by a
relevant officer in connection with that officer's duties or powers in relation to the
Company, any associated company or any pension fund or employees’ share scheme
of the Company or associated company.

25
