

===== page 1 =====
Registered number 09869494

ae


===== page 2 =====
Contents

Company information

Directors’ report

‘Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the Directors” report and the financial statements
Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited

Profit and loss account

Balance sheet

‘Statement of changes in equity

Notes

eer eane


===== page 3 =====
Company Information

Directors

‘Company number

Registered office

Auditor

Banker

Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

JM Balkin
NA Moore

JC Paton (appointed 20 May 2021)
ENB Fraser (appointed 20 May 2021)
N Fienberg (appointed 20 May 2021)
GA Cook (appointed 30 June 2022)

09869494

60 Gresham Street,
London,
EC2V 7BB

KPMG LLP
‘St Nicholas House,
31 Park Row,
Nottinghatn,

NGI 6FQ

HSBC Bank UK
71 Queen Victoria Street,
London,

ECAV 4AY

Page 1


===== page 4 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
‘Aanual report and financial statements
31 Mareh 2022

Directors’ report
‘The Directors present their report and the audited financial statements for the 15-month period ended 31 March 2022.

Principalactivities
‘The principal activity of the Company continued to be the provision of specialist consultancy services to the eltemative investment industry.

Results and dividend

For the 15S-month period ended 31 March 2022 (FY 22!), the Company recorded revenue of £8,352,000 (FY 21: £4,496,000), with a significant increase in
the year, reflecting the longer period of account and increased scale of the Company's operations relative to the comparative period. The Company's average
headcount has grown to 31 consultants (FY 21: 18), representing a 72% increase oa the comparative period. Gross profit margin improved significantly to
41.3% (FY 21: 31.8%) due to strong uliliztion and rates performance in the year and reflecting the macro-economic environment recovering from the
COVID-19 pandemic in the current period, Profit after tax increased 166.4% to £1,908,000 (FY 21: £716,000) agein partly reftective of a longer period of
account, as well as higher headcount and profitability performance in the current period.

On 20 May 2021, 100% of the share capital of the Company's parent company, Lionpoint Holdings, Inc., was acquired by Alpha Financial Markets
Consulting Group Limited, a holding company wibin the Alpba Group?. The Group isa leading global consulting service provider to the asset management,
‘wealth management and insurance industries, and is listed on the Alternative Investment Market of the London Stock Exchange. The Directors further note
that the integration of the Company into the Group in the period has been successful and is now largely complete, following a period of transition, aligning
of internal processes, and integration of reporting to be consistent with that of the wider Group.

Full results for the year are set out in the profit and loss eccount on p. 8. No dividends have been paid from or received by the entity during the financial
period. The Directors have not recommended the payment of a final dividend (FY 21: énil).

After deducting taxation, a £1,908,000 profit was transferred to reserves (FY 21; £716,000).
Future developments

“The business plan developed by the Directors shows growth is expected to continue in the forthcoming year despite a return in the Company's cost base to pre-
COVID-19 levels. The Directors are confident of achieving their plan forthe year ahead, based on the level of on-going work atthe start of the financial year,
the level of work already sold but still to be delivered and the pipeline of future opportunities.

Directors

‘The Directors who held office during the year were as follows:
JM Balkin

NA Moore

AC Paton (appointed 20 May 2021)

ENB Fraser (appointed 20 May 2021)

1N Fienberg (appointed 20 May 2021)

GA Cook (appointed 30 June 2022)

Political contributions
‘The Company made no political donations or incurred any political expenditure during the year.

Employeeinvolvement

‘Attracting, retaining and developing the very best people in the industry is integral to the Company's culture and ongoing success. The Company is cormmitted
to providing a highly rewarding place to work, end to maintaining e unique and inclusive culture that places people at the heart ofthe business. To achieve this,
there ise strong, ‘on interaction, open ication and the exchange of proactive insights from the employce base.

tis the Company's policy to give full and fair consideration to all applications for employment including from disabled people, having regard to their abilities
‘and aptitudes, Full consideration is given to continuing the employment of staff who become disabled, including considering them for other reasonable
positions and arranging appropriate training where required. The Company aims to provide an inclusive environment forall employees, regardless of
‘sox, marital status, race, nationality, age, sexual orientation or religion.

Engagement with suppliers and customers

‘The Directors note the importance of fostering strong relationships with the Companys customers and suppliers through open communication and having
regard for these relationships in strategic decisions made relating to the Company.

1 FY 22 isthe financial year covering the 15 months to 31 March 2022. By comparison, FY 21 isthe previous period covering the 12 months to 31 De 2020; FY 23 isthe:
financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2023.
2 Group refers to the Company‘ ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting pe, andits subsidiaries.

Page 2


===== page 5 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Directors’ report (continued)

Disclosure of information to auditor

‘The Directors who held office atthe date of approval of this Directors’ report confirm that, so far as they are each aware, there is no relevant audit information of
which the Company's auditor is unaware; and each Director has taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as « Director to make themselves aware of any
relevant audit information and to establish that the Company's auditor is aware of that information.

‘The Directors note that prior to the acquisition of the Company by the Alpha Group on 20 May 2021, sufficient accounting records were not readily available to
enable the Company’s auditor to issue an unmodified audit opinion in respect ofthe amounts in the balance sheet at 31 December 2020 and the amounts in the
profit and loss account for the 15 month period to 31 March 2022. The Directors are satisfied withthe due diligence work performed by extemal edvisers on the
‘pre-soquisition financial information and, therefore, a fll oudt ofthis information was not deemed necessary atthe time of acquisition.

Auditor
Pursuant to Section 485 of the Companies Act 2006, KPMG LLP was appointed by the Directors of the Company as auditor for the 15-month period to 31
March 2022.

cut

John C Paton
Director

12 October 2022

Page 3


===== page 6 =====
‘Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the Directors’ report and the financial statements

‘The directors are responsible for preparing the Directors’ report and the financi

statements in accordance with applicable law and regulations.

‘Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under thet law they have elected to prepare the financial
statements in accordance with UK accounting standards and applicable law (UK Generally Accepted Accounting Practice), including FRS 101
Reduced Disclosure Framework.

Under Company law the Directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of
affairs of the Cormpany and of the profit or loss of the Company for that period. In preparing these financial statement, the Directors are required

* select suiteble accounting policies and then apply them consistent!

+ make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

+ state whether appli
financial statement

ble UK accounting standards have been followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in the

+ assess the Company's ability to continue as a going concer, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern; and

* use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations or have no realistic
alternative but todo so.

‘The directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the Company's transactions and disclose with
reasonable eccuracy at any time the financial position of the Company and enable them to ensurc that the financial statements comply with the Companies
‘Act 2006. They ere responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from
‘material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have general responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to them to safeguard the
assets of the Company and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.

Under applicable law and regulations, the Directors are also responsible for preparing a Directors’ report that complies with that law and those regulations.

‘The directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the corporate and financial information included on the Company's website. Legislation
in the UK governing the preparation and di tion of financial sta ‘may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions,

Page 4


===== page 7 =====
LLionpoint Group (UK) Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited

‘Qualification and disclaimer of opinion
We were engaged to audit the financial statements of Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited for the 15 month period ended 31 March 2022 which comprise the profit and
loss account, balance sheet and statement of changes in equity and related notes, including the accounting policies in note 1.

In our opinion, except for the possible effect solely on the comparative information for the year ended 31 December 2020 of the matter described in the Basis for
‘modification of opinion section of our repor, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the stat of the Company's affairs as at 31 March 2022,

Due to the significance of the matter described in the Basis for modification of opinion section of our report, we have not been able to obtain sufficient appropriate
‘eudit evidence to provide a basis for an audit opinion, and accordingly we do not express an opinion, as to whether the financial statements:

‘+ givea true and fair view of the Company's profit for the 15 month period ended 31 March 2022;
‘+ have been properly prepared in accordance with UK accounting standards, including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework; and
‘+ have been prepared in accordence with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006,

Basis for modification of opinion
‘The audit evidence available to us was limited because adequate accounting records have not been retained by the Company for the period prior to the Company's
acquisition in May 2021 by Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited. Consequently we have been unable to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence
ing the state of affeirs of the Company as at 31 December 2020 and the Company's profit for the 15 month period ended 31 March 2022, Nevertheless, we
as at 31 March

regard
‘elev hat the aut evidence we have obtained i sufcient and appropri basis fr our qualified opinion on Ne tate ofthe Company's a

Going concern

‘The Directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concern basis as they do not intend to liquidate the Company of to cease its operations, and as they
‘have concluded that the Company's financial position means that ths is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no material uncertainties that could have
‘cast significant doubt over its ability to continue as a going concer for at least a year from the date of approval of the financial statements (“the going concem period”).

In our evaluation of the Directors" conclusions, we considered the inherent risks to the Company's business model and anelysed how those risks might affect the
‘Company's financial resources or ability to continue operations over the going concem period.

‘Our conclusions based on this work:

‘+ we consider thatthe Directors" use of the going concer basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is appropriate; and

‘+ we have not identified, and concur with the Directors’ assessment that there is not, a material uncertainty related to events or conditions that, in
collectively, may cast significant doubt on the Company's ability to continue as a going concem for the going concem period.

However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in outcomes that are inconsistent with judgements that were
reasonable atthe time they were made, the above conclusions are not a guarantee that the Company will continue in operation.

Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations — ability to detect

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to,
To identify risks of material misstatement due to fraud (“fraud risks”) we assessed events or conditions that could indicate an incentive or pressure to commit fraud oF
provide an opportunity to commit fraud. Our risk assessment procedures included:

‘© enquiring of Directors as to the Company's high-level policies and procedures to prevent and detect fraud, as well as whether they have knowledge of any
actual, suspected or alleged fraud;

© reading Board minutes; and
‘+ using analytical procedures to identify any unusual or unexpected relationships.
‘We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit team and remained alert to any indications of fraud throughout the audi

‘As required by auditing standards, we perform procedures to address the risk of management override of controls and the risk of fraudulent revenue recognition, in
particular the risk that revenue is recorded in the wrong period and the risk that management may be in @ position to make inappropriste accounting entries.

‘We did not identify any additional fraud risks. We performed procedures including:

+ identifying journal entries to test based on risk criteria and comparing the identified entries to supporting documentation. These included
pairings with a credit or debit to en account below EBITDA and unusual journals with a credit or debit entry to cash; end

© identifying revenue transactions to test based on unusual paicings with a credit or debit to revenue.

‘Hentifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to non-compliance with laws and regulations

We identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably be expected to have & material effect on the financial statements from our general commercial and
sector experience, and through discussion with the Directors and other management (as required by euiting standards), and discussed with the Directors and other
‘management the policies and procedures regarding compliance with laws and regulations.

‘The potential effect of these taws and regulations on the financial statements varies considerably.

Firstly, the Company is subject to laws and regulations that direely affect the financial statements including financial reporting legislation (including related companies
Jegislation), distributable profits legislation and taxation legislation, and we assessed the extent of compliance with these laws and regulations as part of our procedures
‘on the related financial statement items.

Secondly, the Company is subject to many other laws and regulations where the consequences of non-compliance could have a material effect on amounts or
disclosures in the financial statements, for instance through the imposition of fines or litigation. We identified the following areas as those most likely to have such
‘an effect: ant-bribery and employment law recognising the financial neture of the Company's activities. Auditing standards limit the required audit procedures to
identify non-compliance with these laws and regulations to enquiry of the Directors and other management and inspection of regulatory and legal correspondence, if
any. Therefore if breach of operstional regulations is not disclosed to us or evident from relevant correspondence, an audit will not detect that breach.

‘The Qualification and disclaimer of opinion, directors’ report, and Matters on which we are required to report by exception sections of our report explain the
implications of the matter described in the basis for modification of opinion on compliance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006,

Context of the ability ofthe audit ro detect fraud or breaches of law or regulation
‘Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an unavoidable risk that we may not have
ven though we have properly planned and performed our adit in accordance with udting standards, For ample, the Ruther eoved noncompliance ai

Page S


===== page 8 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
(continued)

Jaws and regulations is from the events and transactions reflected in the financial the less likely the in limited procedures required by
‘ouditing standards would identify it

In addition, as with any audit, there remained a higher risk of non-detection of fraud, as these may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
misrepresentations, or the override of intemal controls. Our audit procedures ere designed to detect material misstatement. We are not responsible for
‘Preventing non-compliance or fraud and cannot be expected to detect non-compliance with all laws and regulations.

Directors? Report
‘The Directors are responsible for the Directors’ Report. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover that report and we do not express an audit opinion
thereon.

‘Our responsibility iso read the Directors’ Report and, in doing so, consider whether, based on our financial statements audit work, the information therein is materially
misstated or inconsistent withthe financial statements or our audit knowledge.

Due to the significance of the matter described in the Basis for modification of opinion section of our report, and the possible consequential effect on the related
disclosures in the Directors’ Report, elthough in our opinion the information given in the Directors’ Report for the financial year is consistent with the financial
statements, we do not express an opinion on the preparation of that report in accordance with the Companies Act 2006 or whether we have identified material
misstatements in that report

Matters on which we are required to report by exception
In respect solely ofthe limitation of our work, described above:

‘© we have not obtained all the information and explanations that we considered necessary for the purpose of our audit;
© in our opinion, adequate accounting records have not been kept; and

‘+ we were unable to determine whether the financial stat are in agreement with the ing and returns,
‘We have nothing to report ia respect ofthe following matters where the Companies Act 2006 requi

us to report to you if, in our opinion:
‘+ returns adequate for our audit have not been received from branches not visited by us; or

‘+ certain disclosures of Directors’ remuneretion specified by law are not made; oF

‘© the Directors were not entitled to take advantage of the small companies exemption from the requirement to prepare a strategic report.

Other matter — prior period financial statements
We note that the prior period financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 were not audited. Consequently ISAs (UK) require the auditor to state that
the corresponding figures contained within these financial statements are unaudited. Our opinion is not further modified in respect of this master.

Directors’ responsibilities

‘As explained more fully in their statement set out on page 4, the Directors are responsible for: the preparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied that
they give a true and fair view; such intemal control as they determine is necessary to enable the prepartion of financial sttements that are ffee from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, assessing the Company's ability to continue asa going concem, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern;
and using the going concem basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company orto cease operations, or have no realistic alternative bul to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities

Our responsibility is to conduct an audit of the financial statements in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK"), and to issue an
auditor's report. However, duc to the significance of the matter described in the Basis for modification of opinion section of our report, we were not able to obtain
sufficient appropriate audit evidence to provide a basis for an audit opinion on the financial statements other than on the state of the Company's affsrs as at 31 March
2022,

{In respect of that qualified opinion, we conducted our audit in accordance with ISAs (UK) and applicable law. Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue our opinion in an auditor's report.
Reasonable assurance is « high level of assurance, but does not guarantee that aa audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material
misstatement when itexists, Misstatements can arse from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected
to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis ofthe financial statements,

A fuller descrip
We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and are independent of the Company in accordance with, UK ethical requirements including the FRC Ethical
Standard,

‘of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC’s website at www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsi

‘The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities

‘This report is made solely to the Company's members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been

undertaken so that we might state to the Company's members those matters we are required to statc to them in an auditor's report and for no other purpose. To the

fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the Company's members, as a body, for our audit
for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Ak

Craig Parkin (Senior Statutory Auditor)
for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
Chartered Accountants

StNicholas House

31 Park Row
Nottingham
NGI 6FQ
13 October 2022
Page 6


===== page 9 =====
Profit & loss account
Sor the 15-month period ended 31 March 2022

Revenue
Rechargeable expenses

Net fee income

Cost of sales

Gross profit

‘Administrative expenses

Operating profit

Other interest receivable and similar income
Profit before taxation

Taxation expense

Profit for the financial year

‘Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited

Annual report and financial stetements

31 March 2022

15 months to 12 months to

31 March 31 December

Note 2022 2020
£000 £000

2 8,352 4,496

2 7 (a7)

2 8,352 4449

4 (4,900) 3,035)
3,452 1aia

3,4,5 1,068) (929)
2,384 885

2,384 885

6 (476) (169)

1,908 6

In both the current and preceding year, he Company made no acquisitions and had no discontinued operations.
‘There were no recognised gains or losses in ether the current or preceding year other then those disclosed in the profit and loss account, and therefore no
separate statement of other comprehensive income has been presented.

‘The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.

Page 7



===== page 10 =====
Balance sheet
As at 31 March 2022

Note
Non-current assets
Tangible fixed assets 7
Current assets
Debtors 8
Cash at bank and in hand 9
Current liabilities
Creditors: amounts falling due within one year 10
Corporation tax

Net current assets

Total assets less current liabilities

Net assets

Capital and reserves
Called up share capital
Share premium account
Profit and loss account

Shareholders’ funds

£000

2,820
757

3,877

(1,220)
76)

1,696)

Asat

31 March 2022
£000

29

1,910

1,910

LLionpoint Group (UK) Limited

‘Annual report and

financial statements
31 March 2022

Restated?
as.at

31 December 2020

£000

156

953

(796)
(169)

(965)

£000

2)

‘The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements. These financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of

Directors on 12 October 2022. They were signed on its behalf by:

c (CO

John C Paton
Director

‘Company registered number: 09869494.

3 Please refer to note 1.15 for further informstion on prior period restatement.

Page 8


===== page 11 =====
Statement of changes in equity

‘As at I January 2020
Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit for the period

‘Transactions with owners

Dividends - restated’

Balance at 31 December 2020 - restated
‘Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit for the period

Balance at 31 March 2022

‘The accompanying notes form part of these finan«

4 Please refer to note 1.15 for further information on prior period restatement.

Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited

Anaual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Capital ‘Total

Called up Share premium redemption Profitand shareholders’

share capital account reserve loss account funds
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000

- 7 - 49 649

. - - 7116 716

: 7 (1,363) (1,363)

. . - 2 2

- - - 1,908 1,908

: : : 1,910 1,910

Page 9


===== page 12 =====
LLionpoint Group (UK) Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
Notes

(forming part of the financial statements)

1 Accounting policies

Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited (the “Company”) is a Company limited by shares, domiciled and registered in the UK. The registered number is 09869494

and the registered address is 60 Gresham Street, London, United Kingdom, EC2V 7BB.
‘These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework ("FRS 10)

In preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement, and disclosure requirements of International Financial
Reporting Standards (“Adopted IFRSs”) but makes amendments where necessary in order to comply with Companies Act 2006 and has set out below
where advantage of the FRS 101 disclosure exemptions has been taken. Further, in accordance with Section 414A (2) and 414B (b) of the Companies Act
2006, the Company has taken the exemption from preparing a strategic report.
‘The Company's parent undertaking, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple, includes the Company in its consolidated financial statements. The
consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple are available to the public and may be obtained from 60 Gresham Street,
London, EC2V 7BB.
In these financial statements, the Company has applied the exemptions available under FRS 101 in respect of the following disclosures:

+ A cash flow statement and related notes;

+ Comparative period reconciliations for share

tangible fixed assets, intangible assets and investment properties;
‘+ Disclosures in respect of transactions with wholly owned subsidiaries;

* Disclosures in respect of capital management;

+ The effects of new but not yet effective IFRSs;

* Disclosures in respect of the compensation of Key Management Personnel; and

* Disclosures of transactions with a management entity that provides key management personnel services to the Company.

‘As the consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc include the equivalent disclosures, the Company has also taken the
‘exemptions under FRS 101 available in respect of the following disclosures:

«+ TFRS 2 Share-Based Payment in respect of Group settled share-based payments; and
* Certain disclosures required by IFRS 16 Leases in relation to disclosure of the Company's leasing activities.
+ Certain disclosures required by LFRS 3 Business Combinations in respect of business combinations undertaken by the Company.

‘The accounting polices set out below have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods presented in these financial
‘There are no judgements made by the Directors, inthe application of these accounting that have significant effect on the financial and
‘estimates with a significant risk of material adjustment in the next year.

LI ‘Change in accounting reference date

‘As a result of the acquisition of Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited’s parent company by Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited during the period,
the Directors have effected « change in the accounting reference date of the Company in order to align with the accounting reference date of the wider
Group.

‘The current period consists of the 15-month period from 1 January 2021 to 31 March 2022 in order to effect this change. Therefore, the comparative results for the
12-month period to 31 December 2020 presented within this set of financial statements do not represent an entirely comparable set of results.

42 Transition to FRS 101

During the current period, the Company has elected to transition from FRS 102 to FRS 101 following the acquisition of the Company by Alpha Financial Markets
Consulting Group Limited in the financial period.

Impact of transition to FRS 101

‘The Directors have considered the accounting implications of the transition from FRS 102 to FRS 101. There has been no material eccounting impact on the
Company as a result of this transition,

13 Basis of preparation
‘These financial statements have been prepared under the historical cot basis, except for certain financial instruments that are measured at fair value,

‘The presentational currency of these financial statements and the functional currency of the Company is pound sterling. All amounts in these financial
staterments have been rounded to the nearest £1,000, unless stated otherwise,

14 Going concern

In assessing the Company's ability to continue on a going concem basis for a period of at least 12 months from the approval ofthese financial statements (the
"going concem period”), the Directors considered the Cormpany's projected cash flows, cash liquidity and existing undrawn borrowing facilities.

‘As at31 March 2022, the Company held considerable financial resources including cash balances of £0.757m. The Company also hes access, throughout the
‘going concom period, to a revolving credit facility (“RCF”) of £20.0m, through other Group companies, providing further liquidity.

‘The Company prepared cash flow forecasts covering the going concer period, The base case assumes trading performance over the forecast period in line
with average revenve growth in recent years at similar margins, and additionally incorporates future cash flows related to payments due. The Directors
‘considered the principal risks and mitigants and analysed a range of cash flow downside scenarios including a “reverse-stress test” scenario. This models the

Page 10


===== page 13 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Notes (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

14 Going concern (continued)

decline in sales that the Company would be able to absorb over the going concer period before utilising all of the existing cash reserves available, The Directors
consider this scenario and the sequence of events that could lead to it to be remote, as it requires significant annualised revenue reductions compared to the base case,
before modelling any mitigating actions, including cost reductions.

‘The Directors’ have considered the Company's continued growth, and new business pipeline, while also remaining cognisant of the potential macrooconomic
‘uncertainty resulting from recent events in Ukraine, which the Directors do not consider to be & material uncertainty for going concem purposes.

‘After careful consideration ofthese scenarios, the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company's existing resources are adequate to mect its
requirements over the going concem period. On this basis, the Directors consider that it is appropriate to adopt the going concem basis in preparing the financial
statements,

LS Foreign currency

‘Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the Company's functional currencies at the foreign exchange rate ruling at the date of the transaction.
‘Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies atthe balance shect date are retranslated to the functional currency atthe foreign exchange
rate ruling at that date, Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the
‘exchange rate atthe date ofthe transaction. Non-monetary essets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are stated et fair value are retranslated
to the functional currency at foreign exchange rates ruling atthe dates the fair value was determined. Foreign exchange differences arising on translation
are recognised in the profit and loss,

16 Financial instruments

‘The Company uses financial instruments comprising cash and cash equivalents, preference shares, loan notes and other short-term instruments, such as
trade payables that arise from its operations. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to fimd the Group’s business strategy and working capital
requirements

Accounting policies in respect of financial instruments are outlined below.
Financial assets

Financial assets are initially measured at fair value plus or minus, in the case of e financial asset not at fair velue through profit or loss, transaction costs.
‘The Company has not reclassified any financial assets subsequent to initial recognition as at the balance sheet date. Reclassification of classes of financial
assets is accounted for prospectively in accordance with IFRS 9, where this is required. Any difference on reclassification from amortsed cost to fair value
through profit or loss is recognised in the profit and loss atthe retassificaion date,

Financial assets are assessed at each reporting date to determine a lifetime expected credit loss that reflects the credit risk associated with the portfolio of
assets. A financial asset is impaired in line with the simplified approach under IFRS 9 which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance.

‘An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured at amortised cost is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the present
value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the asset’s original effective interest rate. For financial instruments measured at cost less impairment,
impairment is calculated as the difference between its carrying ammount and the best estimate of the amount that the Company would receive forthe asset if
it were to_be sold atthe reporting date, Interest on the impairment asset continues to be recognised through the unwinding of the discount. Impairment losses
‘are recognised in profit or loss. When a subsequent event causes the amount of the impairment to decrease, the decrease in impairment loss is reversed
‘through statement of comprehensive income.

Trade and other debtors

‘Trade and other debiors are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less provision for impairment. A provision for
impairment of trade debtors is established when there is objective evidence that the Company will not be able to collect all amounts due according to the
‘original terms of the receivables. The provision is recognised in the income statement as an operating charge.

‘The trade debtors’ balances recorded in the Company's statement of financial position comprise relatively small number of large balances and are held
until realised in cash,

‘Alpha provides services to customers on credit terms with mainly arrears billing. Certain receivables may not be paid. The Company applies the IFRS 9
simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance forall trade receivables. To measure expected credit
losses, trade debtors have been grouped based on shared credit characteristics and the days past due. The Company consider historical loss rates for each
ageing category as a starting point for estimating the expected credit los, This historical loss rate is subsequently adjusted for macro-economic and customer
specific factors of receivables within each ageing category. Characteristics considered by the Company for these purposes include historical collection
experience for each customer, the assessed liquidity of key customers within the debtors balance, and other relevant macro-economic factors in order to
determine a reasonable and supportable assessment ofthe expected lifetime credit risk in the context of the overall year-end trade receivables due,

Amounts owed by Group undertakings

‘Amounts owed by Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less provision for impairment. A
provision for impairment of intercompany receivables is established using en expected credit loss model. The Company classifies all intercompany receivables
that form a part of the normal trading cycle of the Company as cwrent, as well as non-trading batances where the counterparty has sufficient resources to
setle the balance within a twelve-month period from the balance sheet date. All other amounts owed by Group undertakings are considered as non-current
assets, This represents a change in accounting policy inthe year. All balances were considered current inthe comparative period.

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and call deposits and are recorded and subsequently measured at amortised cost in ine with IFRS 9,

Page 11


===== page 14 =====
LLionpoint Group (UK) Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Notes (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

16 Financial instruments (continued)

Financial liabilities

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial Liabilities designsted upon initial recognition
a at fair value through profit or loss, Financial liabilities ae classified as held for trading if they are acquired forthe purpose of selling in the near term.

This category includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Company that are not designated as hedging instruments in hedge relationships
as defined by IFRS 9. As at 31 March 2022, the Company had no such financial lisiliies.

Other financial lisblities held by the Company are recognised at emortised cost.
Trade and other ereditors
‘Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair vate, equal to the ion price, and are ly at an cost. Trade payables

due within one year are not discounted.
Amounts owed to Group undertakings

‘Amounts owed to Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost.
Leases

Lease liabilities are recognised on the balance sheet at the present value of minimum lease payments. All leases held by the Company in both the current
and the prior year fall under the permitted practical expedients and therefore are outside of the scope of IFRS 16.

“The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the sccurity interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be
used as security for borrowing purposes.

17 Tangible fixed assets

All property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost (or deemed historical cost) less accumulated depreciation. Cost inctudes the original purchase
price ofthe asset and the costs attributable to bringing the asset Lo its working condition for its intended use.

Depreciation is provided on all property, plant and equipment at rates calculated to write each asset down to its estimated residual value on a straight
basis atthe following anaual rates:

‘Computer Equipment 3 years straight tine
Fixtures, fitings, and equipment 3 years straight line
Useful ic lives and. residual values are revi lly and adjusted es appropriate.
18 Impairment (non-financial assets)
‘The carrying amounts of the entity's non-financial assets, other than tax assets, are revi at cach reporting date to: ji there is

any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the assets’ recoverable amount is estimated, The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-
‘generating unit isthe greater of its value in use and its fair value, less costs to sell In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to
‘their present value using a pre-ax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset.

For he purposes of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the srullest group of assets that generates independent
cash inflows (the “cash-generating unit"); that is, cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent ofthe cash inflows of other assets or groups of
assets.

‘An impairment loss is recognised ifthe carrying amount of an asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable amount. Impairment losses are recognised
in profit or loss. Impairment losses are allocated betwoen the carrying amounts of other assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro-rate basis a3. a
reduction in the value of the asset.

‘An impainment loss is reversed if and only ifthe reasons for the impairment have ceased to apply.

Impairment losses recognised in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indication that the loss has decreased or no longer exists. An
impairment loss is only reversed to the extent that the assct’s carrying amount docs not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net
of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

19 Employee benefits
Defined contribution plans

‘A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which the Company pays fixed contributions into a separate entity and will have a
{egal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts. Contributions to defined contribution schemes are charged to the statement of comprebensive
income as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the scheme, Differences between contributions payable in the year and contributions paid
are shown as either accruals ot pro-payments in the statement of financial position.

‘The Company operates a profit share bonus and other bonus schemes that aim to pay employees a percentage of an individual's salary, subject to country or regional-
level corporate performance in the period. The profit share is eccrued in the financial year, based on management's best estimates of the stafT bonuses to be paid
considering the overall financial performance and is recognised as an employee benefit expense in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

Short-term employee benefits, including holiday pay and medical care, are accrued as services are rendered.

Page 12


===== page 15 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
Notes (continued)
rT Accounting policies (continued)
110 Provisions

Provisions wre distinct from other lisbilites as there is uncertainty over the timing or amount of the cash outflow required to settle the liability. Provisions are measured
atthe present value of the expenditure expected to be required to setle the obligation. These are discounted to present value using an appropriate pre-tax discount rate,
where the time value of money is material

Lu Revenue recognition

Recognition of revenue and client billing

Revenue consists of the value of work executed for clients during the year and expenses recharged, exclusive of VAT. Revenve is clasified into net fee
income and recharged expenses. Net fee income represents the Company's personnel, subcontractor and related expertise and services sold to clients,
Recharged expenses is the recharge of costs incidental to fulGlling contracts including fights, subsistence and accommodation on which nil or negligible
margin is earned by the Company.

‘The Company delivers services that have no alternative use to Alpha (advice to clients, reports, etc) as the services are specifically tailored to clients’ projects
and scope of work. The significant majority of Alpha’s revenue is contracted on a time and mterils basis, where the performance obligation is to provide
consultancy resources at agreed day rates. In such contrects, revenue is recognised over time, as the number of consultant days worked are delivered,
Modifications or extensions to such projects are recognised as delivered. Significant extensions, where the scope or price of the contract increases, are
treated as separate contracts, Contracts accounted for on a time and materials basis are billed incrementally, typically monthly, for incurred time and
materials,

Revenue recognition for fixed fee projects is based on the actual service provided to the end of the reporting period as a proportion of total services to be
provided either over time or in line with intemally or extemally identified project milestones, depending on the nature of the performance obligations for
the project. Material scope changes are managed via a new agreement with the client. Fixed fee projects arc typically billed in accordance with the nature

of the performance obligations when a right to payment crystals.

For fixed fee milestone projects, revenue is recognised ata point in time upon delivery of each performance obligation and these projects are billed as contractual
milestones are delivered and the right to payment exists.

Revenue is wholly attributable to the principal activities of the Group. For all revenue types, payment is typically due between 30 and 60 days after the
invoice date or receipt of invoice, depending on the client and geography.

Recognition of contract receivables

Activity performance recognised as revenue in excess of invoices raised are contract receivables and are included within accrued income, up to the value of
the relevant project delivery milestone, where applicable. On invoicing, the contract receivable is reclassified to trade receivables.
Recognition of contract liabilities

Where amounts have been invoiced in excess of work performed and recognised, the excess is a contract lability and is included within deferred income
‘and valued in line with the nature of the project and related performance obligations as described above and recognised in future periods.

12 Costof sales

Cost of sales is defined by management as the direct costs associated with the generation of the Group's revenue, including stafT payroll and contractor
costs, subsistence and travel that are directly attributable tothe delivery of services and supporting growth.

113 Expenses

Interest receivable and interest payable
Interest payable and similar expenses include interest payable, unwinding of the discount on provisions, and discount unwinding associated with leases,
within the scope of IFRS 16. Other interest receivable and similar income include interest receivable on funds invested and net foreign exchange gains.

Interest income and interest payable is recognised in profit or loss as it accrues, using the effective interest method.

Dividends payable
Dividends payable are recognised in the profit and loss account on the date the entity's obligation to pay the dividend is established.

Lis Taxation

‘Taxation expense on the result for the period comprises current and deferred tax. Current and deferred tax is recognised in the consolidated statement of
‘comprehensive income, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in equity, in which case itis recognised in equity.

Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income for the period, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the balance
sheet date, and any adjustment o tax payable in respect of previous periods.

Deferred tax is provided using the balance sheet libility method, providing for temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities,
for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. The amount of deferred tax provided is based on the expected manner of
realisation or settlement ofthe carrying amount of assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date.

‘The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable
profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there isa legally enforceable right
to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities, and when they relate to taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the Company intends to
settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

Page 13


===== page 16 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Notes (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

LIS Prior period restatement

In December 2020 of the comparative period, two payments totalling £143,351 were made by the Company to its parent company and sole shareholder,
Lionpoint Holdings, Inc... These payments were intended to be paid as dividends tothe parent company and were accounted for as dividends in the unaudited
financial statements filed for the year to 31 December 2020, However, the Company did not have sufficient distributable profits (as defined in the Companies
‘Act2006) atthe time the payments were made. Accordingly, an amount of £143,351 is deemed an intercompany loan repayable to the Company by Lionpoint
Holdings, In. as at31 December 2020 and as at 31 March 2022.

‘The compantive information in these financial statements has been restated to reflect the amount of £143,351 being repayable to the Company. This
restatement had the following effect on the financial statements as at 31 December 2020:

© an increase of £143,351 in amounts owed by Group undertakings, included within the debtors line in the balance sheet; and
© a corresponding increase of £143,351 in the profit and loss account within sbareholders’ funds.

“There was no effect on profit for the year ended 31 December 2020 as shown in the profit and loss account.

Subsequently, the Directors of the Company declared a dividend of £143,351 on 4 October 2022. This amount will be payable in full to Lionpoint Holdings, Inc,
which remains the sole sharcholder of the Company. The dividend will be set off against the £143,351 debtor, such that this amount wil no longer be repayable
to the Company. Given this subsequent dividend was declared after the balance sheet date of 31 March 2022, this dividend payment is a non-adjusting event afer
the reporting period as defined by IAS 10 and has not been reflected in these financial statements,

116 New accounting standards and interpretations

‘The following changes in accounting policies were applied by the Company in these financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022. These included the
adoption of new standards and interpretations described below.

The Intemational Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) have issued the following standards, amendments and
interpretations which are now effective:

‘© Interest Rate Benchmark Reform — Phase 2 - (Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16), effective from 1 January 20%
+ COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021 (Amendment to IFRS 16), effective from 1 January 2021;

‘The Directors reviewed the nature and effect of these new standards on the Company and noted no material impact on the financial statements forthe year ended
31 March 2022.

‘The Directors have considered new standards and interpretations that have been issued but not yet been effective, however have applied the exemption notto disclose
this information under FRS 101.

2 Revenue
FY22 FY21
£000 £000

Rendering of services 8,352 4,496

Rechargeable expenses : an,
8,352 4409
FY 22 FY 21
£000 £000

By activity

Management consulting 8,352 4496

3 Auditor’s remuneration
FY22 FY 21
£000 £000

Audit ofthese financial statements y -

‘Amounts receivable by the Company's auditor and its associates in respect of services to the Company and its associates, other than the audit of the Company's
financial statements, have not been disclosed as the information is required instead to be disclosed on a consolidated basis in the consolidated financial statements
of the Company's pareat, Alpha Financial Markels Consulting Plc,

Page 14


===== page 17 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
‘Annual report and financial stateroents

31 March 2022
Notes (continued)
4 Staff numbers and costs
‘The average number of persons employed by the Company (including Directors) during the year, analysed by category, was as follows:
Number of employees
Fv22 FY 21
‘Administrative 2 1
Sales 3 18
33 19
‘The aggregate payroll costs of these persons were as follows:
7 FY 22 FY21
£000 £000
‘Wages and salaries 3,956 1,508
Social security costs, 481 14
Contributions to defined contribution plans 113 4
4,550 173
5 Directors’ remuneration

‘The Directors of the Company are paid out of other entities within the Group. The Directors believe thatthe value of their services in respect of the Company, in both
the current and prior periods, were negligible and therefore have not been disclosed.

6 Taxation

Recognised in the profit and loss account

FY22 FY 21
£000 £000
Current tax
‘Current tax on income for the period 416 169
Adjustments in respect of prior periods, - -
Total current tax 416 169

‘Anlinerease in the UK corporation rate from 19% to 25% (effective 1 April 2023) was substantively enacted on 24 May 2021. Once efftetive, this change would increase,
the Company's future current tax charge accordingly.

‘On 23 September 2022, the UK Government announced revised plans to hold the rate of UK corporation tax at 19%, cancelling the previous plans to increase the rate
10 25% from 1 April 2023. This revised plan has not yet been substantively enacted and has no impact on the current or deferred tax charge in the year ended 31 March,
2022.

‘The difference between the total tax expense shown above and the amount calculated by applying the standard rate of UK corporation tax to the profit before tax is as,
follows:

Reconciliation of effective tax rate

FY22 FY 21
£000 £000
Profit for the year 1,908 16
Total tax expense 416 169
Profit exchiding taxation 2,384 885
Tax using the UK corporation tax rate of 19% (FY 21: 19%) 453 168
Non-deductible expenses 2B 1
Total tax expense 476 169

Page 15


===== page 18 =====
Notes (continued)

7 Tangible fixed assets

Disposals

Depreciation and impairment
Balance at 1 January 2021
Depreciation charge for the period
Disposals

Net book value
At31 March 2022

‘At 1 January 2021

8 Debtors

Trade debtors
‘Amounts owed by Group undertakings
Other debtors

Prepayments and accrued income

Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited

‘Anaval report and financial statements
31 March 2022
Fixtures & Computer
Fittings equipment Total
£000 £000 £000
1 vu 32
- 30 30
1 61 62
0) an )
- is) (is)
0) @2) (3)
- » 29
. 4 14
Restated®
Fy22 FY 21
£000 £000
1,106 267
1,667 459
4 31
43 40
2,820 ‘797

‘Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and generally bave a 30-to 60-day term. Duc to their short maturities, the carrying amount of trade and other receivables is
‘a reasonable approximation of their fair value, Trede debtors are stated after an immaterial provision for expected credit losses in both the current and prior years.

‘Amounts owed by Group undertakings are interest free and are repayable on demand. The Company classifies all intercompany receivables that form a part of the
normal trading cycle of the Company as current, as well as non-trading balances where the counterparty has sufficient resources to settle the balance within a twelve
‘month period from the balance sheet date, All other amounts owed by Group undertakings are considered as non-current asses. For both the current and comparative
periods, the total amounts owed by Group undertakings to the Company, of £1,667,000 (FY 21: £459,000), is entirely recognised within current debtors

9 Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents

5 Please refer to note 1.15 for further information on prior period restatement.

FY2
£000

187

187

Page 16

FY 21

156

156



===== page 19 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
Notes (continued)
10 Creditors: amounts falling due within one year
FY22 FY2I
£000 £000
Trade creditors 34 3
‘Amounts owed to Group undertakings 54 -
Other creditors 2 -
Taxation and social security 153 141
‘Accruals and deferred income 977 sm
1,220 196

‘Trade payables comprise amounts outstanding for trade purchases and ongoing costs. The Directors consider that the camying amount of trade and other payables is a
reasonable approximation of thee fair value.

Amounts owed to Group undertakings are either interest-bearing or non-interest-bearing depending on the type of the creditor relationship and local regulatory
requirements, At the balance sheet date all of these balances are non-interest-bearing, All amounts owed to Group undertakings are repayable on demand.

Deferred income recognises contract liabilities arising from the Company's revenue generating activities relating to payrments received in advance of performance
delivered under a contract. These contract liabilities typically arise on short-term timing differences between performance obligations in some milestone or fixed fee
contracts and their respective contracted payment schedules. The contract liability movement in the year represents these timing differences across contracts at each
‘year end, As at 3} March 2022 there is an immaterial level of deferred income held on the Company's balance shee, in addition movements in contract liabilities in the
Year were immaterial. All current deferred income is expected to be recognised through revenue within one year.

u Capital and reserves
Share capital
FY22 FY 21
£ £
Alltotted, calted up and fully paid
100 ordinary shares of £1 each 100 100
100 100

‘The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the
‘Company.

2 Related parties
Hlentiy of related parties with which the Company has transacted

‘The Company has not engeged in any material transactions with any related parties other than with wholly owned subsidiaries within the Alpha Group. These
‘transactions have not been disclosed as the Company has taken advantage of exemptions under FRS 101.

13 Ultimate parent Company and parent Company of larger Group

‘AL the balance sheet date, the Company is a subsidiary undertaking of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Ld, incorporated in England and Wales. The
ultimate controlling party is Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple, Until the acquisition of the Company by Alpha on 20 May 2021, the ultimate controlling
party was Lionpoint Holdings, Inc.

Both the largest and smallest Group in which the results of the Company are consolidated is that headed by Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple, incorporated
in England and Weles. The consolidated financial statements ofthe Group are available to the public and may be obtained from 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V
‘7BB, or the website investors.alphafinc.com.

Page 17

