

===== page 1 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited

Annual report and financial statements
Registered number 09869494
31 March 2023

vn

Att 15/11/2023 #37
COMPANIES HOUSE

WEDNESDAY


===== page 2 =====
Contents

Company information

Directors’ report

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the Directors’ report and the financial statements
Independent Auditor's Report to the members of Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited

Profit and loss account .

Balance sheet

‘Statement of changes in equity

Notes to the financial statements


===== page 3 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Company Information

Directors JM Balkin
NA Moore
JC Paton
N Fienberg
GA Cook (appointed 30 June 2022)
ENB Fraser (resigned 31 March 2023)

Company number 09869494

Registered office 60 Gresham Street
London
United Kingdom
EC2V 7BB

Auditor KPMG LLP
EastWest
Tollhouse Hill
Nottingham
NG1 5FS

Banker HSBC Bank UK
71 Queen Victoria Street
London
United Kingdom
EC4V 4AY

Page 1


===== page 4 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Directors’ report
The Directors present their report and the audited financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2023.
Principal activities

The principal activity of the Company continued to be the provision of specialist consultancy services to the
alternative investments industry.

Results and dividend

For the year ended 31 March 2023 (FY 231), the Company recorded revenue of £11,588,000 (FY 22: £8,352,000).
The Company's average headcount has grown to 53 consultants (FY 22: 31), representing a 71% increase on the
comparative period. Gross profit margin reduced to 36% (FY 22: 41%) mainly reflecting the easing of utilisation to
target levels, alongside continued investment in our consultants while maintaining competitive remuneration
packages. Profit after tax reduced by 13.8% to £1,645,000 (FY 22: £1,908,000) reflective of a higher Group
management recharge. Full results for the year are set out in the profit and loss account on p. 8.

During the year, an ordinary dividend payment totalling £144,000 was made to the Company's sole shareholder
Lionpoint Holdings, Inc. (FY 22: £nil). The Directors have not recommended the payment of a final dividend (FY 22:
Enil).

Future developments

Although the Company is facing continuing macro-economic uncertainty and some increased competition in the
consulting market, the structural drivers that underpin growth and demand for the Company's services over the
medium to long term remain strong. This, together with the Company's market-leading consulting talent and the
growing number of client relationships, means the Company remains confident of further progress.

Directors
The Directors who held office during the year were as follows:

JM Balkin

NA Moore

JC Paton

N Fienberg

GA Cook (appointed 30 June 2022)
ENB Fraser (resigned 31 March 2023)

Political contributions
The Company made no political donations and incurred no political expenditure during the year (FY 22: £nil).
Engagement with suppliers and customers

The Directors note the importance of fostering strong relationships with customers and suppliers through open
communication and having regard for these relationships in strategic decisions made relating to the Company.

Environmental reporting

In accordance with the Companies Act 2006 and HM Govemment's ‘Environmental Reporting Guidelines’, the Company
has not repeated those disclosures required in relation to the Company's environmental reporting responsibilities
(including Streamlined Energy and Carbon reporting) on the basis that this information is available on our website in the
Group's Annual Report & Accounts 2023 on pp. 40-41.

Disclosure of information to auditor

The Directors who held office at the date of approval of this Directors’ report confirm that, so far as they are each aware,
there is no relevant audit information of which the Company's auditor is unaware, and each Director has taken all the
steps that they ought to have taken as a Director to make themselves aware of any relevant audit information and to
establish that the Company's auditor is aware of that information.

+ FY 23 is the financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2023. By comparison, FY 22 is the previous period covering the 15
months to 31 March 2022. FY 24 is the subsequent financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2024.
Page 2


===== page 5 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Directors’ report (continued)
Auditor

Pursuant to Section 485 of the Companies Act 2006, KPMG LLP was appointed by the Directors of the Company
as auditor for the year to 31 March 2023.

By order of the Board.
Greg A Cook

Director

60 Gresham Street
London
EC2V 7BB

8 November 2023

Page 3


===== page 6 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the Directors’ report and the financial
statements

The directors are responsible for preparing the Directors’ report and the financial statements in accordance with
applicable law and regulations.

Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law
they have elected to prepare the financial statements in accordance with UK accounting standards and
applicable law (UK Generally Accepted Accounting Practice), including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure
Framework.

Under Company law the Directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they
give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for that
period. In preparing these financial statements, the Directors are required to:

+ select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;
+ make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

+ state whether applicable UK accounting standards have been followed, subject to any material
departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements;

+ assess the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to
going concern; and

+ use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to
cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the
Company's transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company
and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They are
responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of fina My
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have general responsi
for taking such steps as are reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the Company and to prevent and
detect fraud and other irregularities.

Under applicable law and regulations, the Directors are also responsible for preparing a Directors’ report that
complies with that law and those regulations.

The directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the corporate and financial information included

on the Company's website. Legislation in the UK governing the preparation and dissemination of financial
statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.

Page 4


===== page 7 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements.
31 March 2023

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Qualified opinion

We have audited the financial statements of Lionpoint UK Limited (‘the Company’) for the year ended 31 March 2023
which comprise the balance sheet, profit and loss account and statement of changes in equity and related notes,
including the accounting policies in note 4.

In our opinion the financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs as at 31 March
2023.

in our opinion, except for the possible effect solely on the comparative information for the 15 month period ended 31
March 2022 of the matter described in the basis for qualified opinion section of our report, the financial statements:

« give a true and fair view of the Company's profit for the year ended 31 March 2023;

* have been properly prepared in accordance with UK accounting standards including FRS 101 Reduced
Disclosure Framework; and

. have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.
Basis for qualified opinion

The audit evidence available to us was limited because the Company was unable to provide us with access to the
accounting records for the period before the Company's acquisition by Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc in May
2021 which was during the 15 month period ended 31 March 2022. As a result, we were unable to obtain sufficient
appropriate audit evidence regarding the balance sheet quantities as at 31 December 2020 and the amounts in the
profit and loss account for the 15 month period ended 31 March 2022 by using other audit procedures. Any
adjustments would have a consequential effect on the Company's net assets as at 31 December 2020 and on its profit
for the 15 month period ended 31 March 2022. We modified our audit opinion on the financial statements for the 15
month period ended 31 March 2022 with regard to this same limitation.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis for our qualified opinion.
Going concern

The directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concern basis as they do not intend to liquidate the
Company or to cease its operations, and as they have concluded that the Company's financial position means that
this is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no material uncertainties that could have cast significant
doubt over its ability to continue as a going concern for at least a year from the date of approval of the financial
statements (‘the going concer period”).

In our evaluation of the directors’ conclusions, we considered the inherent risks to the Company's business mode! and

analysed how those risks might affect the Company's financial resources or ability to continue operations over the

going concern period.

Our conclusions based on this work:

«we consider that the Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial
statements is appropriate;

© we have not identified, and concur with the Directors’ assessment that there is not, a material uncertainty related
to events or conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the Company's ability to
continue as a going concern for the going concern period.

However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in outcomes that
are inconsistent with judgements that were reasonable at the time they were made, the absence of reference to a
material uncertainty in this auditor's report is not a guarantee that the Company will continue in operation.

Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations — ability to detect
Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to fraud

To identify risks of material misstatement due to fraud ("fraud risks") we assessed events or conditions that could
indicate an incentive or pressure to commit fraud or provide an opportunity to commit fraud. Our risk assessment
procedures included:

enquiring of Directors as to the Company's high-level policies and procedures to prevent and detect
fraud, as well as whether they have knowledge of any actual, suspected or alleged fraud;

* reading Board minutes; and

«using analytical procedures to identify any unusual or unexpected relationships.

Page 5


===== page 8 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Independent auditor's report to the members of Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited (continued)

We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit team and remained alert to any indications of fraud
throughout the audit.

As required by auditing standards, we perform procedures to address the risk of management override of controls, in
particular the risk that management may be in a position to make inappropriate accounting entries. On this audit we
do not believe there is a fraud risk related to revenue recognition due to the recognition criteria being straight forward
and driven primarily by time charged.

We did not identify any additional fraud risks. We performed procedures including:
¢ — identifying journal entries to test based on risk criteria and comparing the identified entries to supporting
documentation. These included unusual pairings with a credit or debit entry to cash; and

* identifying revenue transactions to test based on unusual pairings with a credit or debit to revenue.
Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to non-compliance with laws and regulations

We identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the
financial statements from.our general commercial and sector experience, and through discussion with the Directors
and other management (as required by auditing standards), and discussed with the Directors and other management
the policies and procedures regarding compliance with laws and regulations.

The potential effect of these laws and regulations on the financial statements varies considerably.

Firstly, the Company is subject lo laws and regulations that directly affect the financial statements including financial
reporting legislation (including related companies legislation), distributable profits legislation and taxation legislation,
and we assessed the extent of compliance with these laws and regulations as part of our procedures on the related
financial statement items.

Secondly, the Company is subject to many other laws and regulations where the consequences of non-compliance
could have a material effect on amounts or disclosures in the financial statements, for instance through the imposition
of fines or litigation. We identified the following areas as those most likely to have such an effect: anti-bribery and
employment law recognising the financial nature of the Company's activities. Auditing standards limit the required
audit procedures to identify non-compliance with these laws and regulations to enquiry of the Directors and other
management and inspection of regulatory and legal correspondence, if any. Therefore if a breach of operational
regulations is not disclosed to us or evident from relevant correspondence, an audit will not detect that breach.

The Qualified opinion, Basis for qualified opinion, Directors' report and Matters on which we are required to
report by exception sections of our report explain the implications of the matter described in the basis for
qualification of opinion on compliance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Context of the ability of the audit to detect fraud or breaches of law or regulation

Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an unavoidable risk that we may not have detected some material
misstatements in the financial statements, even though we have properly planned and performed our audit in
accordance with auditing standards. For example, the further removed non-compliance wit laws and regulations is
from the events and transactions reflected in the financial statements, the less likely the inherently limited procedures
required b auditing standards would identify it.

In addition, as with any audit there remained a higher risk of non-detection of fraud, as these may involve collusion,
forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal controls. Our audit procedures are
designed to detect material misstatcments. We are not responsible for preventing non-compliance or fraud and
cannot be expected to detect non-compliance with all laws and regulations.

Directors’ report

The directors are responsible for the directors’ report. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover that
report and we do not express an audit opinion thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the directors’ report and, in doing so, consider whether, based on our financial statements
audit work, the information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with the financial statements or our audit
knowledge. Based solely on that work:

. except for the possible consequential effects of the matter described in the Basis for qualified opinion section
of our report on the related disclosures in the Directors’ Report:

. we have not identified material misstatements in that report; and

Page 6


===== page 9 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Independent auditor's report to the members of Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited (continued)

. in our opinion that report has been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006; and

. in our opinion the information given in the Directors’ Report for the financial year is consistent with the financial
statements.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception
In respect solely of the limitation on our work referred to above:

* we have not obtained all the information and explanations that we considered necessary for the purpose of our
audit;

* we were unable to determine whether adequate accounting records had been kept in the 15 month period ended
31 March 2022; and

* we were unable to determine whether the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records
and returns.

We have nothing to report in respect of the following matters where the Companies Act 2006 requires us to report to
you if, in our opinion:

* — returns adequate for our audit have not been received from branches not visited by us; or
«certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or

« the directors were not entitled to take advantage of the small companies exemption from the requirement to
prepare a strategic report.

Directors’ responsibilities

As explained more fully in their statement set out on page 4, the directors are responsible for: the preparation of the
financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view; such internal control as they determine
is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due
to fraud or error; assessing the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters
related to going concern; and using the going concem basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the
Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor's responsibilities

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue our opinion in an auditor's report. Reasonable
assurance is a high level of assurance but does not guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK)
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in’ aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial statements.

A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC’s website at www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities.

The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities

This report is made solely to the Company's members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the
Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the Company's members those
matters we are required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted
by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the Company's members,
as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Ax

Craig Parkin (Senior Statutory Auditor)

for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
Chartered Accountants

EastWest,

Tollhouse Hill,

Nottingham,

NG1 5FS

10 November 2023

Page 7


===== page 10 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Profit & loss account
for the year ended 31 March 2023

42 months to 15 months to

Note 31 March 2023 31 March 2022
2000 £000
Revenue 2 11,888 8,362
Rechargeable expenses 2 (28) -
Net fee income 2 11,560 8362

Cost of sales 4 (7,414) (4,900) .
Gross profit , 4,146 3,452
Administration expenses 3,4,5 (2,439) (1,068)
Operating profit 2,007 2,384
Finance expense : -
Profit before taxation 2,007 2.384
Taxation expense 6 (362) (476)
Profit for the period 4,645 1,908

In both the current and preceding year, the Company made no acquisitions and had no discontinued operations.

There was no other comprehensive income in either the current or preceding year, and therefore no separate statement
of other comprehensive income has been presented.

The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.

Page 8


===== page 11 =====
Balance sheet
As at 31 March 2023

Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment

Current assets
Trade and other receivables
Cash at bank and in hand

Current liabilities
Trade and other payables
Corporation tax

Net current assets

Total assets less current liabilities

Non-current liabilities
Deferred tax liability

Net assets

Capital and reserves
'ssued share capital
Retained earnings

Total Shareholders’ equity

Asat
Note 34 March 2023
£000 £000
7 55
55
8 6191
9 4148
7,339
10 (3,604)
(366)
(3,970)
3,369
3,424
(13)
3,414
" uo
341
3411

Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Asat

34 March 2022

£000 £000

29

29
2,820
787
3,577
(1,220)
(476)
(1,696)

1,881

1910

1,910

1,910

1,910

The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements. These financial statements were approved and
authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 8 November 2023. They were signed on its behalf by:

eg lad

Greg A Cook
Director

Company registered number: 09869494.

Page 9


===== page 12 =====
Statement of changes in equity
for the year ended 31 March 2023

As at 1 January 2021

Total comprehensive
Profit for the period

\come for the period

Balance at 31 March 2022

Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit for the period

Transactions with owners

Dividends

Balance at 31 March 2023

The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.

Page 10

Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Total
Issued Retained shareholders’
share capital earnings equity
£000 £000 £000

- 2 2

- 1,908 1,908

; 4,910 1,910

: 1,645, 1,645

: (144) (144)

= a att


===== page 13 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Notes to the financial statements
(forming part of the financial statements)
1 Accounting policies

Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited (the “Company” is a Company limited by shares, domiciled and registered in the UK.
The registered number is 09869494 and the registered address is 60 Gresham Street, London, United Kingdom,
EC2V 7BB.

These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced Disclosure
Framework (“FRS 101”). ‘

In preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement, and disclosure
requirements of Intemational Financial Reporting Standards (“Adopted IFRSs") but makes amendments where
necessary in order to comply with Companies Act 2006 and has set out below where advantage of the FRS 101
disclosure exemptions has been taken. Further, in accordance with Section 414A (2) and 414B (b) of the Companies
Act 2006, the Company has taken the exemption from preparing a strategic report.

The Company's parent undertaking, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc, includes the Company in its consolidated
financial statements. The consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc are available to
the public and may be obtained from 60 Gresham Street, London, United Kingdom, EC2V 7BB or on the website at
alphafmc.com/investors.

In these financial statements, the Company has applied the exemptions available under FRS 101 in respect of the
following disclosures:

+ A cash flow statement and related notes;
+ Comparative period reconciliations for share capital, tangible fixed assets, intangible assets and investment
properties;

+ Disclosures in respect of transactions with wholly owned subsidiaries;

+ Disclosures in respect of capital management;

+ The effects of new but not yet effective IFRSs;

+ Disclosures in respect of the compensation of key management personnel;

+ Disclosures of transactions with a management entity that provides key management personnel services

to the Company; and

+ Disclosures of related party transactions.
As the consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting pic include the equivalent disclosures,
the Company has also taken the exemptions under FRS 101 available in respect of the following disclosures:

+ IFRS 2 Share-based Payment in respect of Group settled share-based payments; and

+ Certain disclosures required by IFRS 16 Leases in relation to disclosure of the Company's leasing activities.
The accounting policies set out below have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods presented
in these financial statements.
In applying the Company's accounting policies, the Directors have not made any judgements that have a significant
effect on the financial statements. There are no major sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting
period that have a significant risk of resulting in a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
within the next financial year.

11 Comparative information

Asa result of the acquisition of Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited's parent company by Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Group Limited in the comparative period, the Directors effected a change in the accounting reference date of the
Company in order to align with the accounting reference date of the wider Group.

As a result, the comparative results reflect the 15-month period from 1 January 2021 to 31 March 2022. Therefore,

the comparative period presented within this set of financial statements do not represent an entirely comparable set
of results.

Page 11


===== page 14 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)
1.2 Basis of preparation

These financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, except for certain financial instruments
that are measured at fair value.

The presentational currency of these financial statements and the functional currency of the Company is pound
sterling. All amounts in these financial statements have been rounded to the nearest £1,000, unless stated otherwise.

1.3 Going concern

In assessing the Company's ability to continue on a going concern basis for a period of at least 12 months from the
approval of these financial statements (the “going concern period”), the Directors considered the Company's projected
cash flows, cash liquidity and existing borrowing facilities.

As at 31 March 2023, the Company had net current assets of £3.4m. The Company also has access, throughout the
going concern period, to a revolving credit facility ("RCF”) of £50.0m, through other Group companies, providing further
liquidity.

The Company prepared cash flow forecasts covering the going concem period. The base case assumes trading
performance over the forecast period in line with the Board-approved budget. The Directors considered the principal
risks and mitigants and analysed a range of cash flow downside scenarios including a “reverse-stress test” scenario.
This models the decline in sales over the going concern period that would be required before all the available cash
reserves are utilised. The Directors consider this scenario and the sequence of events that could lead to it to be remote,
as it requires significant annualised revenue reductions compared to the base case, before modelling any mitigating
actions, including cost reductions.

The Directors have considered the Company's recent trading, strong cash conversion, and new business pipeline,
while also remaining cognisant of the potential ongoing macroeconomic uncertainty.

After careful consideration of these scenarios, the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company's existing
resources are adequate to meet its requirements over the going concern period. On this basis, the Directors consider
that it is appropriate to adopt the going concern basis in preparing the financial statements.

14 Foreign currency

Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the Company's functional currency at the average foreign
exchange rate in the month of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at
the balance sheet date are retranslated to the functional currency at the foreign exchange rate ruling at that date. Non-
monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using
the average exchange rate in the month-of the transaction and are not retranslated. Foreign exchange differences
arising on translation to functional currency are recognised in administration expenses.

1.5 Financial instruments

The Company uses financial instruments comprising cash and cash equivalents and other short-term instruments, such
as trade payables that arise from its operations. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to fund the
Company's business strategy and working capital requirements.

Accounting policies in respect of financial instruments are outlined below.
Financial assets

Financial assets are initially measured at fair value plus or minus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair value
through profit or loss, transaction costs. The Company has not reclassified any financial assets subsequent to initial
recognition as at the balance sheet date. Reclassification of classes of financial assets is accounted for prospectively
in accordance with IFRS 9, where this is required. Any difference on reclassification from amortised cost to fair value
through profit or loss is recognised in the profit and loss at the reclassification date.

Financial assets are assessed at each reporting date to determine a lifetime expected credit loss that reflects the credit
risk associated with the portfolio of assets. A financial asset is impaired in line with the simplified approach under IFRS
9 which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance.

Page 12


===== page 15 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Notes to the financial statements (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

1.5 Financial instruments (continued)

The Company recognises an expected credit loss provision in relation to financial assets. The simplified method is
applied to the Company's trade receivables as described below. The Company's expected credit loss provision on all
other financial assets is immaterial as the probability of default is low. Movements in the expected credit loss provision
are recognised in profit or loss.

Trade and other receivables

Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less
provision for impairment. A provision for impairment of trade receivables is established when there is objective evidence
that the Company will not be able to collect all amounts due according to the original terms of the receivables. The
provision is recognised in the income statement as an operating charge.

The trade receivables balances recorded in the Company's statement of financial position comprises a relatively small
number of high-value balances which are held until realised in cash.

The Company provides services to customers on credit terms with mainly arrears billing. Certain receivables may not
be paid. The Company applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a
lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables. To measure expected credit losses, trade receivables have
been grouped based on shared credit characteristics and the days past due. The Company consider historical loss
rates for each ageing category as a starting point for estimating the expected credit loss. This historical loss rate is
subsequently adjusted for macro-economic and customer-specific factors of receivables within each ageing category.
Characteristics considered by the Company for these purposes include: historical collection experience for each
customer; the assessed liquidity of key customers within the receivables balance; and other relevant macro-economic
factors in order to determine a reasonable and supportable assessment of the expected lifetime credit risk in the context
of the overall year-end trade receivables due.

Amounts owed by Group undertakings

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised
cost, less provision for impairment. A provision for impairment of intercompany receivables is established using an
expected credit loss model. The Company classifies all intercompany receivables that form a part of the normal trading
cycle of the Company as current, as well as non-trading balances where the counterparty has sufficient resources to
settle the balance within a twelve month period from the balance sheet date. All other amounts owed by Group
undertakings are considered as non-current assets.

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and call deposits and are recorded and subsequently measured
at amortised cost in line with IFRS 9.

Financial liabilities

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities
designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss. Financial liabilities are classified as held for
trading if they are acquired for the purpose of selling in the near term. This category includes derivative financial
instruments entered into by the Company that are not designated as hedging instruments in hedge relationships as
defined by IFRS 9. As at 31 March 2023, the Company had no derivative financial instruments or designated hedge
relationships. .

Other financial liabilities held by the Company are recognised at amortised cost.

Trade and other payables

Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value, equal to the transaction price, and are subsequently
measured at amortised cost. Balances due within one year are not discounted.

Amounts owed to Group undertakings

Amounts owed to Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised
cost. Balances due within one year are not discounted.

Leases
The Company leases office premises for use in operations. In line with the practical expedients defined below, all

Page 13


===== page 16 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)

1.5 Financial instruments (continued)
Office leases held by the company are outside of the scope of IFRS 16 in the current and prior period.

The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held
by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.

The Company.has used the practical expedients permitted by IFRS 16 in relation to accounting for leases with a lease
term of less than 12 months as ‘short-term leases’, and those with a low value as ‘low value leases’. Consequently, no
lease liability or right-of-use asset was calculated thereon. These leases are expensed in the statement of profit and loss.
The Company has also used the practical expedient permitted by IFRS 16 to apply a single discount rate to a portfolio
of leases with reasonably similar characteristics.

The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are
held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.

1.6 Property, plant and equipment

All property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost (or deemed historical cost) less accumulated
depreciation. Cost includes the original purchase price of the asset and the costs attributable to bringing the asset to
its working condition for its intended use.

Depreciation is provided on all property, plant and equipment at rates calculated to write each asset down to its
estimated residual value on a straight-line basis at the following annual rates:

Computer equipment 3 years
Fixtures, fittings, and equipment 3 years

Useful economic lives and estimated residual values are reviewed annually and adjusted as appropriate.
1.7 Impairment (non-financial assets)

The carrying amounts of the entity's non-financial assets, other than deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each reporting
date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the assets’
recoverable amount is estimated. The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit is the greater of its value
in use and its fair value, less costs to sell. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to
their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money
and the risks specific to the asset.

For the purposes of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the smallest
group of assets that generates independent cash inflows (the “cash-generating unit’); that is, cash inflows from
continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or groups of assets.

An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable
amount. Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. Impairment losses are allocated between the carrying
amounts of other assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro-rata basis as a reduction in the value of the asset.

An impairment loss is reversed if and only if the reasons for the impairment have ceased to apply.

Impairment losses recognised in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indication that the loss has
decreased or no longer exists. An impairment loss is only reversed to the extent that the asset's carrying amount does
not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment
loss had been recognised.

1.8 Employee benefits
Defined contribution plans

A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which the Company pays fixed contributions into
a separate entity and will have a legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts. Contributions to defined
contribution schemes are charged to the statement of comprehensive income as they become payable in accordance
with the rules of the scheme. Differences between contributions payable in the year and contributions paid are shown
as either accruals or pre-payments in the statement of financial position.

Page 14


===== page 17 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)
19 Revenue recognition

Recognition of revenue and client billing

Revenue consists of the value of work executed for clients during the year and expenses recharged, exclusive of
VAT. Revenue is classified into net fee income and recharged expenses. Net fee income represents the Group's
personnel, subcontractor and related expertise and services sold to clients. Recharged expenses are the recharge of
costs incidental to fulfilling contracts including flights, subsistence and accommodation on which nil or negligible
margin is earned by the Group.

The Company delivers services that have no altemative use to the Company (advice to clients, reports, etc.) as the
services are specifically tailored to clients’ projects and scope of work. The significant majority of the Group's revenue
is contracted on a time and materials basis, where the performance obligation is to provide consultancy resources at
agreed day rates. For such contracts, revenue is recognised over time, as consultant days worked are delivered.
Modifications or extensions to such projects are recognised as services are delivered. Significant extensions, where
the scope or price of the contract increases, are treated as separate contracts. Contracts accounted for on a time and
materials basis are billed incrementally, typically monthly, for incurred time and materials.

Revenue recognition for fixed-fee projects is based on the satisfaction of performance obligations in line with
contractual project milestones, depending on the nature of the performance obligations for the project. Material scope
changes are managed via a new agreement with the client. Fixed-fee projects are typically billed in accordance with
the nature of the performance obligations when a right to payment crystallises.

For most fixed-fee milestone projects, revenue is recognised at a point in time upon delivery of each performance
obligation and these projects are typically billed as contractual milestones are delivered and the right to payment
exists. Contractual milestones are only treated as separate performance obligations by the Group when they are
distinct from the other elements in the contract and could provide a benefit to the customer without further work being
completed. In limited circumstances, revenue from fixed fee milestone projects is recognised over time where the
Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date, before the contractual milestone has
been fully delivered.

Revenue is wholly attributable to the principal activities of the Company. For all revenue types, payment is typically
due between 30 and 60 days after the invoice date or receipt of invoice, depending on the client and geography.

Recognition of contract receivables

Activity performance recognised as revenue in excess of invoices raised results in the recognition of a contract
receivable, which is included within accrued income, up to the value of the relevant project delivery milestone, where
applicable.

Recognition of contract liabilities

Where amounts have been invoiced in excess of work performed and revenue recognised, the excess is a contract
liability and is included within deferred income, valued in line with the nature of the project and related performance
obligations as described above and recognised in future periods.

1.10 Cost of sales

Cost of sales is defined by management as the direct costs associated with the generation of the Company's revenue,
including staff payroll and contractor costs, subsistence and travel that are directly attributable to the delivery of services
and supporting growth.

Rechargeable expenses, including travel and subsistence directly recharged to the Company's clients as part of revenue
generation, are presented within the “rechargeable expenses” line within the Company's statement of comprehensive
income.

Capitalised contract fulfilment costs

Costs directly attributable to the fulfilment of unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied performance obligations on customer
contracts are recognised as an asset where these costs generate or enhance resources of the Group and the costs are
expected to be recovered. These costs principally relate to partially completed milestones on fixed-fee contracts These
costs are recognised in the consolidated income statement at the point of revenue recognition.

Page 15


===== page 18 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023,

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)
1.11 Administration expenses

Administration expenses are defined by management as costs incurred by the Company that are not directly
associated with the generation of revenue. This includes items such as head office staff costs, recruitment and
professional fees and IT services, which are expensed as incurred. Administration expenses exclude finance income
and expenses and taxation, which are presented separately in the profit and loss account.

1.12 Finance income and finance expense

Finance income includes interest receivable on cash invested. Finance expense includes interest payable, unwinding of
the discount on provisions, and discount unwinding associated with leases within the scope of IFRS 16.

Interest income and interest payable on bank loans or amounts due to certain Group undertakings is recognised in profit
or loss as it accrues, using the effective interest method.

1.13 Dividends payable

Dividends payable are recognised in the statement of changes in equity on the date the entity's obligation to pay the
dividend is established.

1.14 Taxation

Taxation expense on the result for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Current and deferred tax is recognised
in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised
directly in equity, in which case it is recognised in equity.

Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income for the period, using tax rates enacted or
‘substantively enacted at the balance sheet date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous periods.

Deferred tax is provided using the balance sheet liability method, providing for temporary differences between the
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes.
The amount of deferred tax provided is based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement of the carrying
amount of assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it
is no longer probable that sufficient ‘taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets
against current tax liabilities, and when they relate to taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the Company
intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

1.15 New accounting standards and interpretations

The following changes in accounting policies were applied by the Company in these financial statements for the year
ended 31 March 2023. These included the adoption of new standards and interpretations described below.

The International Accounting Standards Board (!ASB) and IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) have issued the
following standards, amendments and interpretations which are now effective:

« — Reference to the Conceptual Framework (Amendments to IFRS 3), effective from 1 January 2022;

« Property, Plant and Equipment — Proceeds before Intended Use (Amendments to IAS 16), effective from 1
January 2022;

*  Onerous Contracts — Cost of Fulfilling a Contract (Amendments to IAS 37), effective from 1 January 2022; and
« — Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2018-20 Cycle, effective from 1 January 2022.

The Directors reviewed the nature and effect of these new standards on the Company and noted no material impact on
the financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2023.

The Directors have considered new standards and interpretations that have been issued but not yet been effective,
however have applied the exemption not to disclose this information under FRS 101.

Page 16


===== page 19 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2023
Notes to the financial statements (continued)
2 Revenue
FY 23 FY 22
£000 £000
Rendering of services 11,560 8,352
Rechargeable expenses 28 :
11,588 8,352
FY 23 FY 22
£000 £000
By activity
Management and technology consulting 11,588 8,352
3 Auditor's remuneration
Auditor's remuneration
FY 23 FY22
£000 £000
Audit of these financial statements 30 19

Amounts ‘receivable by the Company's auditor and its associates in respect of services to the Company and its
associates, other than the audit of the , Company's financial statements, have not been disclosed as the information
is required instead to be disclosed on a consolidated basis in the consolidated financial statements of the Company's
parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc.

4 Staff numbers and costs

The average number of persons employed by the Company (including Directors) during the year, analysed by
category, was as follows:

Number of employees

FY 23 FY22

Administrative 2 2
Sales 53 31
‘Average number of employees in the year 55 33

The aggregate payroll costs of these persons were as follows:

FY 23 Fy 22

£000 £000

‘Wages, salaries and short term benefits 6,081 3,956
Social security costs 618 481
Contributions to defined contribution plans 122 113
Total staff costs for the year 6,821 4,550

Page 17


===== page 20 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Notes to the financial statements (continued)

5 Directors’ remuneration
FY 23 FY22
£000 £000
Directors’ remuneration Ww :
Gain on share option exercises 194

The highest paid director received remuneration of £177,000 (FY 22: £nil).

The value of the company’s contributions paid to defined contribution pension scheme in respect of the highest paid
director amounted to £4,000 (FY 22: Enil).

The highest paid director exercised share options during the year (FY 22: nil).

The remuneration disclosed above includes a proportion of remuneration for one director that is remunerated through
a different Group entity,

Number of Directors
FY 23 FY 22

Benefits are accruing to the following number of Directors under:
Money purchase schemes (retirement benefits) 1 -
Long term share incentive plan 1 -

Amounts paid or payable to certain of the Company's Directors through other Group undertakings have been
excluded from the above disclosure and included within the disclosures of other Group companies, on the basis that
their services are predominantly provided to other Group companies.

6 Taxation
FY 23 FY 22
£000 £000 £000 £000
‘Current tax
Current tax on income for the period 366 476
Group relief payable 5 -
Adjustments in respect of prior periods (22) -
Total current tax 349 476
Deferred tax
Origination and reversal of timing differences "1 -
Effect of tax rate change on opening balances 4 -
Adjustments in respect of prior periods 2) -
Total deferred tax 13 -
Total tax expense for the year 362 476

An increase in the UK corporation tax rate from 19% to 25% (effective 1 April 2023) was substantively enacted
during the prior year on 24 May 2021. In FY 24, this change will increase the Company's current tax charge
accordingly.

The difference between the total tax expense shown above and the amount calculated by applying the standard rate
of UK corporation tax to the profit before tax is as follows:

Page 18


===== page 21 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Notes to the financial statements (continued)

6 Taxation (continued)
FY 23 FY 22
£000 £000
Profit before taxation 2,007 2,384
‘Tax using the UK corporation tax rate of 19% (FY 22: 19%) 384 453
‘Change in tax rate on deferred tax balances 4 -
Fixed asset differences @ -
Non-deductible expenses 3 23
Group relief claimed (5) -
Payment for group relief 5 -
Adjustments in respect of prior periods (24) :
Total tax expense for the year 362 476
7 Property, plant and equipment
Fixtures & Computer
Fittings equipment Total
£000 £000 £000
Cost
Balance at 1 April 2022 4 61
Additions - 50
Disposals - -
Balance at 31 March 2023 1 141 112
Depreciation and impairment
Balance at 1 April 2022 1) (32) (33)
Depreciation charge for the year - (24) (24)
Disposals - - -
Balance at 31 March 2023 () (56) (57)
Net book value
Balance at 31 March 2023 - 55 55
Balance at 1 April 2022 - 29 29
8 Trade and other receivables
FY 23 FY22
£000 £000
Trade receivables 4,178 4,106
‘Amounts owed by Group undertakings 4,947 1,667
Other receivables 43 4
Prepayments and accrued income 23 43
Total amounts due within one year 6,191 2,820

Trade receivables are stated after provisions for impairment and expected credit losses of £23,000 (FY 22: £19,000).

The Directors are satisfied that all outstanding amounts from subsidiary group undertakings are recoverable. Expected
credit losses in relation to amounts owed by Group undertakings were immaterial in both the current and prior year.

Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and generally have a 30- to 60-day term. Due to their short maturities, the
carrying amount of trade and other receivables is a reasonable approximation of their fair value. Trade debtors are
stated after an immaterial provision for expected credit losses in both the current and prior years.

Page 19


===== page 22 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Notes to the financial statements (continued)

8 Trade and other receivables (continued)

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are interest free and are repayable on demand. The Company classifies all
intercompany receivables that form a part of the normal trading cycle of the Company as current, as well as non-
trading balances where the counterparty has sufficient resources to settle the balance within a twelve-month period
from the balance sheet date. All other amounts owed by Group undertakings are considered as current assets. All
amounts owed by Group undertakings, have been classified within current assets.

For both the current and comparative periods, the total amounts owed by Group undertakings to the Company, of
£4,947,000 (FY 22: £1,667,000), is entirely recognised within current debtors.

9 Cash and cash equivalents
FY 23 FY 22
£000 £000
Cash at bank 1,148 757
Cash and cash equivalents 1,148 757

All cash and cash equivalents held by the Company are available for use by the Company with no restrictions.

10 Trade and other payables

FY 23 FY 22

£000 £000

Trade payables 33 34
Amounts owed to Group undertakings 1,541 54
Other payables : 2
Taxation and social security 479 153
Accruals and deferred income 4,551 977
Total amounts owed within one year 3,604 1,220

Amounts owed to Group undertakings are either interest-bearing or non-interest-bearing depending on the type of the
creditor relationship and local regulatory requirements. At the balance sheet date all of these balances are non-interest-
bearing. All amounts owed to Group undertakings are repayable on demand.

Deferred income relates to contract liabilities arising from the Company's revenue generating activities relating to
payments received in advance of performance delivered under a contract. These contract liabilities typically arise on
short-term timing differences between performance obligations in some milestone or fixed-fee contracts and their
respective contracted payment schedules. The contract liability movement in the year represents these timing
differences across contracts at each year end. As at 31 March 2023 there is an immaterial level of deferred income
held on the Company's balance sheet, in addition movements in contract liabilities in the year were also immaterial. All
current deferred income is expected to be recognised through revenue within one year.

1 Capital and reserves
FY23 FY 22
€ £
Alllotted, called up and fully paid
100 ordinary shares of £1 each 100 100
Balance at the end of the year 400 100

Page 20


===== page 23 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2023

Notes to the financial statements (continued)

1 Capital and reserves (continued)

The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled
to one vote per share at meetings of the Company.

Dividends

During the year, an ordinary dividend payment totalling £144,000 (FY 22: £nil) was made to the Company's sole
shareholder, Lionpoint Holdings, Inc. The Directors have not recommended the payment of a final dividend (FY 22:
Eni).

12 Related parties

The Company has not engaged in any transactions with any related parties other than with wholly owned subsidiaries
within the Alpha Group, and remuneration of the Company's key management personnel. These transactions have
not been disclosed as the Company has taken advantage of exemptions under FRS 101.

13 Ultimate parent company

‘At the balance sheet date, the Company is a subsidiary undertaking of Lionpoint Holdings, Inc., incorporated in the
United States of America. The ultimate controlling party is, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc.

Both the largest and smallest Group in which the results of the Company are consolidated is that headed by Alpha
Financial Markets Consulting plc, incorporated in England and Wales. The consolidated financial statements of the
Group are available to the public and may be obtained from 60 Gresham Street, London, United Kingdom, EC2V
7BB, or the website investors.alphafmc.com.

Page 21
