

===== page 1 =====
f ttune

‘ADIAQBTS*
9/12/2024
COMPANIES HO!


===== page 2 =====
Contents

Company information
Strategic report
Directors’ report

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the strategic report, the Directors’ report and the
financial statements

Independent auditor's report to the members of Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Profit & loss account

Balance sheet

Statement of changes in equity

Notes to the financial statements

11
12
13


===== page 3 =====
Company information

Directors

Company number

Registered office

Auditor

Banker

JM Balkin

JC Paton

N Fienberg

GA Cook

NA Moore (resigned 31 March 2024)

09869494

60 Gresham Street
London

EC2V 7BB

United Kingdom

KPMG LLP
EastWest
Tollhouse Hill
Nottingham
NG1 SFS.
United Kingdom

HSBC Bank UK plc
1 Centenary Square
Birmingham
B11HQ

United Kingdom

Page 1

Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024


===== page 4 =====
onpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Strategic report
Business review

For the year ended 31 March 2024 (FY 241), the Company recorded revenue of £16,229,000 (FY 23: £11,588,000).
Gross profit increased to £6,329,000 (FY 23: £4,146,000), mainly reflecting an increase in utilisation to target levels.
Profit after tax was £2,512,000 (FY 23: £1,645,000), reflective of the higher headcount and utilisation in the year,
alongside controlled administration costs. The Company's average headcount has grown to 70 consultants (FY 23:
53), representing a 32% increase on the comparative year. Trade receivables increased to £1,547,000 compared
to £1,178,000 in FY 23, reflecting an increase in debtor days; however debtor collections continued to be strong.
There are no concerns about the recoverability of receivables. Cash and cash equivalents reduced to £307,000 (FY
23: £1,148,000), while net assets increased to £5,923,000 (FY 23: £3,411,000). During the year, no ordinary
dividend payment was made to the Company's sole shareholder, Lionpoint Holdings, Inc. (FY 23: £144,000). The
Directors have not recommended the payment of a final dividend (FY 23: £nil).

Key performance indicators

The Directors monitor performance on a monthly basis using a range of financial and non-financial metrics. Working
capital management is a key indicator which is reviewed on a frequent basis to monitor cash flow, liquidity and the
recovery of trade receivables.

Each month the Directors review the management accounts for each trading Group? undertaking and compare actual
performance against budget. Costs, utilisation, and fee rates are also reviewed to monitor profitability.

Principal risks and uncertainties

The principal risks and uncertainties faced by the Company are outlined below:

* Macro — risk that wider market, economic, commercial and financial risks can impact the Company's ability to
service clients, their demand for consultancy and technology services and, therefore, the Company's own
performance and financial position.

¢ Geopolitical — risk that extemal events and crises can bring significant uncertainty, volatility, and fragility to
geopolitics and markets, which can impact both the Company's operating model, employees and ability to
deliver on its strategic objectives.

¢ Business strategy — risk that the Company responds inadequately to changing market factors and/or
opportunities, including technological advancements and disruptors. The success of the Company's strategy
depends on anticipating changes and developing a proposition that best serves its clients.

« Data security — risk of cyber attacks, security breaches and data mishandling, leading to consequent risks to
client data, loss of integrity or availability of core data.

* — Acquisition and integration — risk of failure of the Company to select, complete and integrate businesses that
contribute positively to the business model and growth strategy.

* People — risk of failure to attract, incentivise and retain the best people with the right capabilities across all
propositions, levels and geographies. A failure to undertake effective succession planning for key roles could
also adversely increase this risk and impact performance.

* Quality of service — risk of failure to maintain quality of service on client delivery engagements.

« Competitors — risk that a competitor or new entrant may be able to achieve success and win work from the
Company's existing clients. Less mature or more specialist propositions, which the Company chooses to
develop, may present less of a competitive advantage.

« Regulatory environment — risk that the Company does not successfully identify, address and/ or meet
forthcoming regulation, or that the business model and strategy are materially impacted by legal and regulatory
changes that restrict the service offering or access to key markets.

‘ FY 24 is the financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2024. By comparison, FY 23 is the previous financial year covering the 12 months
to 31 March 2023; FY 25 is the subsequent financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2028.

? Group refers to the Company's ultimate parent as at 31 March 2024, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc, and its subsidiaries.

Page 2


===== page 5 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Strategic report (continued)

Principal risks and uncertainties (continued)
Further information on how the Company manages and mitigates these principal risks and uncertainties, is included
‘on pp 57-60 of the Annual Report & Accounts 2024 of the ultimate parent company, Alpha Financial Markets

Consulting pic.

Future developments

Although some challenges in the market environment remain, the Company increased its headcount in FY 24 and
has continued to see good levels of consultant utilisation. The expertise and capabilities of its consultants continue
to resonate with private equity, credit, infrastructure, real estate and fund of funds clients. Traditional asset managers
also continue to seek to expand their books of alternative investments, which brings a need for technology
investment and operating model consolidation. With a strong and high quality sales pipeline, a compelling client
proposition, market-leading consultants and clear strategic objectives, the Directors remain confident in the
Company's prospects.

After the balance sheet date, in August 2024, the Company's ultimate parent company, Alpha Financial Markets
Consulting plc, was acquired by Actium Bidco (UK) Limited. Further details on events after the reporting period are
disclosed in note 15 to the financial statements.

Section 172 statement

Under Section 172(1) of the Companies Act 2006, a director of a company must act in the way that they consider, in
good faith, would be most likely to promote the success of the Company for the benefit of its members as a whole,
and in doing so have regard (amongst other matters) to:

the likely consequence of any decision in the long term;

the interests of the Company's employees;

the need to foster the Company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others;

the impact of the Company's operations on the community and the environment;

the desirability of the Company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct; and
the need to act fairly as between members of the Company.

The following disclosure describes how the Directors have had regard to the matters set out in Section 172(1)(a) to
(f) and forms the Directors’ statement under Section 414CZA of the Companies Act 2006.

The Directors remain committed to engaging with all of the Company's stakeholders and considering their interests
when making any strategic decisions.

Engagement with key stakeholders

The Board considers its key stakeholders to be its employees, clients and the communities in which the Company
operates. The Board also recognises other stakeholder groups including vendors and suppliers, industry bodies and
competitors with which Lionpoint works or associates in the marketplace. Engaging effectively with these
stakeholders strengthens the Company's business relationships and decision making and therefore supports its
long-term success.

ec eeee

Employees

Attracting, retaining and developing the best talent is essential to the Company's business success. The Company
is committed to providing a highly rewarding workplace, and to maintaining a strong, meritocratic and inclusive
culture that recognises the importance of our people and encourages open communication.

Clients

The Company's success is based on delivering a proposition that helps its clients address their challenges and
capitalise on their opportunities. The Company works hard at developing and sustaining long-term client
relationships, which it supports through its global team of consultants and by extending the range of services it offers
and the types of projects it carries out.

Communities

Lionpoint is a growing, profitable business, committed to fostering the same growth and success within the
communities in which it operates. As part of this engagement, the Company also considers its corporate
responsibility and how to maximise the positive environmental and social impacts of its activities, and to minimise
the downsides, giving a solid baseline for developing relevant action plans and targets.

Please refer to pp 34-35 of the Annual Report & Accounts 2024 of the ultimate parent company, Alpha Financial
Markets Consulting plc, for further details on the above key stakeholders, and the Group's approach to engagement
with each class of stakeholder.

Page 3


===== page 6 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Strategic report (continued)

Key Board decisions during the year

The Directors consider the following to be the key decisions and considerations they have made in the year to 31
March 2024:

Decision Considerations
Issued the FY 23 annual report and financial To ensure compliance with the requirements of the
statements to shareholders. Companies Act 2006 and the relevant accounting
framework.
The Board undertook a scenario planning exercise to To ensure the accuracy of forecast performance and
review the FY 24 forecast against prevailing market consider potential outcomes against a range of
conditions. market conditions.
By order of the Board.
Gag tel
Greg A Cook
Director
17 December 2024

Page 4


===== page 7 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Directors’ report
The Directors present their report and the audited financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2024.
Principal activities

The principal activity of the Company continued to be the provision of specialist consultancy services to the alternative
investments industry.

Results and dividend

The results for the year are set out in the Strategic Report on p. 2 and in the profit & loss account on p. 10. The
Directors consider the current state of affairs of the Company to be satisfactory.

During the year, no ordinary dividend payment was made to the Company's sole shareholder, Lionpoint Holdings,
Inc. (FY 23: £144,000). The Directors have not recommended the payment of a final dividend (FY 23: Enil).
Directors

The Directors who held office during the year were as follows:

JM Balkin

JC Paton

N Fienberg

GA Cook

NA Moore (resigned 31 March 2024)

Political contributions

The Company made no political donations and incurred no political expenditure during the year (FY 23: £nil).
Engagement with suppliers and customers

The Directors note the importance of fostering strong relationships with customers and suppliers through open
communication and having regard for these relationships in strategic decisions made relating to the Company.
Environmental reporting

In accordance with the Companies Act 2006 and HM Government's ‘Environmental Reporting Guidelines’, the Company
has not repeated those disclosures required in relation to the Company's environmental reporting responsibilities (including
Streamlined Energy and Carbon reporting) on the basis that this information is included on pp 46-51 of the Group's Annual
Report & Accounts 2024, which are available on the Group's website.

Disclosure of information to auditor

The Directors who held office at the date of approval of this Directors’ report confirm that, so far as they are each aware,
there is no relevant audit information of which the Company's auditor is unaware, and each Director has taken all the
‘steps that they ought to have taken as a Director to make themselves aware of any relevant audit information and to
establish that the Company's auditor is aware of that information.

Auditor

Pursuant to Section 487 of the Companies Act 2006, the auditor will be deemed to be reappointed and KPMG LLP
will therefore continue in office.

By order of the Board.
frag te
Greg A Cook
Director

60 Gresham Street
London

EC2V 7BB
United Kingdom

17 December 2024

Page 5


===== page 8 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Statement of Directors’ respon: s in respect of the Strategic report, the Directors’ report

and the financial statements

The directors are responsible for preparing the Strategic Report, the Directors’ Report and the financial statements in
accordance with applicable law and regulations.

Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law they have
elected to prepare the financial statements in accordance with UK accounting standards and applicable law (UK Generally
Accepted Accounting Practice), including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework.

Under company law the directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true
and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for that period. In preparing
these financial statements, the directors are required to:

select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;

make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

state whether applicable UK accounting standards have been followed, subject to any material departures disclosed
and explained in the financial statements;

assess the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
concern; and

* use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations,
or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

eee

The directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the
Company's transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company and
enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They are responsible for such
internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have general responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open
to them to safeguard the assets of the Company and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.

Page 6


===== page 9 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Independent auditor's report to the members of Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited

Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited (“the Company”) for the year ended 31
March 2024 which comprise the balance sheet, profit & loss account, statement of changes in equity and related
notes, including the accounting policies in note 1.

In our opinion the financial statements:
* give a true and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs as at 31 March 2024 and of its profit for the
year then ended;
« have been properly prepared in accordance with UK accounting standards, including FRS 101 Reduced
Disclosure Framework; and
* have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and applicable
law. Our responsibilities are described below. We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and are
independent of the Company in accordance with, UK ethical requirements including the FRC Ethical Standard. We
believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis for our opinion.

Going concern

The directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concern basis as they do not intend to liquidate
the Company or to cease its operations, and as they have concluded that the Company's financial position means
that this is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no material uncertainties that could have cast
significant doubt over its ability to continue as a going concern for at least a year from the date of approval of the
financial statements (“the going concern period’).

in our evaluation of the directors’ conclusions, we considered the inherent risks to the Company's business model
and analysed how those risks might affect the Company's financial resources or ability to continue operations over
the going concern period.

Our conclusions based on this work:
* we consider that the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the
financial statements is appropriate;
* we have not identified, and concur with the directors’ assessment that there is not, a material uncertainty
related to events or conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the Company's
ability to continue as a going concern for the going concern period.

However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in outcomes that
are inconsistent with judgements that were reasonable at the time they were made, the above conclusions are not a
guarantee that the Company will continue in operation.

Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations ~ ability to detect
Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to fraud

To identify risks of material misstatement due to fraud (“fraud risks”) we assessed events or conditions that could
indicate an incentive or pressure to commit fraud or provide an opportunity to commit fraud. Our risk assessment
procedures included:

« Enquiring of directors as to the Company's high-level policies and procedures to prevent and detect fraud,

as well as whether they have knowledge of any actual, suspected or alleged fraud.

« Reading Board minutes.

« Considering remuneration incentive schemes and performance targets for management and Directors.

« Using analytical procedures to identify any unusual or unexpected relationships.

We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit team and remained alert to any indications of fraud
throughout the audit.

As required by auditing standards, we perform procedures to address the risk of management override of controls
and the risk of fraudulent revenue recognition, in particular the risk that management may be in a position to make
inappropriate accounting entries.

We did not identify any additional fraud risks.

We performed procedures including:
¢ Identifying journal entries to test based on risk criteria and comparing the identified entries to supporting
documentation. These included unusual pairings with a credit or debit to an account below EBITDA and
unusual journals with a credit or debit entry to cash;
* Identifying revenue transactions to test based on unusual pairings with a credit or debit to revenue;
« Assessing significant accounting estimates for bias.

Page 7


===== page 10 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
. 31 March 2024

Independent auditor's report to the members of Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited (continued)
Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to non-compliance with laws and regulations.

We identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the
financial statements from our general commercial and sector experience, and through discussion with the Directors
and other management (as required by auditing standards), and discussed with the Directors and other
management the policies and procedures regarding compliance with laws and regulations.

We communicated identified laws and regulations throughout our team and remained alert to any indications of non-
compliance throughout the audit.

The potential effect of these laws and regulations on the financial statements varies considerably.

Firstly, the Company is subject to laws and regulations that directly affect the financial statements including financial
reporting legislation (including related companies legislation), distributable profits legislation and taxation legislation,
and we assessed the extent of compliance with these laws and regulations as part of our procedures on the related
financial statement items.

Secondly, the Company is subject to many other laws and regulations where the consequences of non-compliance
could have a material effect on amounts or disclosures in the financial statements, for instance through the
imposition of fines or litigation. We identified the following areas as those most likely to have such an effect: anti-
bribery and employment law recognising the financial nature of the Company's activities. Auditing standards limit
the required audit procedures to identify non-compliance with these laws and regulations to enquiry of the directors
and other management and inspection of regulatory and legal correspondence, if any. Therefore if a breach of
operational regulations is not disclosed to us or evident from relevant correspondence, an audit will not detect that
breach.

Context of the ability of the audit to detect fraud or breaches of law or regulation

Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an unavoidable risk that we may not have detected some
material misstatements in the financial statements, even though we have properly planned and performed our audit
in accordance with auditing standards. For example, the further removed non-compliance with laws and regulations
is from the events and transactions reflected in the financial statements, the less likely the inherently limited
procedures required by auditing standards would identify it.

In addition, as with any audit, there remained a higher risk of non-detection of fraud, as these may involve collusion,
forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal controls. Our audit procedures are
designed to detect material misstatement. We are not responsible for preventing non-compliance or fraud and
cannot be expected to detect non-compliance with all laws and regulations.

Strategic report and Directors’ report

The directors are responsible for the strategic report and the directors’ report. Our opinion on the financial
statements does not cover those reports and we do not express an audit opinion thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether, based on our financial
statements audit work, the information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with the financial statements or
our audit knowledge. Based solely on that work:
* we have not identified material misstatements in the other information;
« in our opinion the information given in the strategic report and the directors’ report for the financial year is
consistent with the financial statements; and
«in our opinion those reports have been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception

Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:
* adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received
from branches not visited by us; or
the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or
certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or
we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit.
We have nothing to report in these respects.

Directors’ responsibilities

oe ee

As explained more fully in their statement set out on page 6, the directors are responsible for: the preparation of the
financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view; such internal control as they determine
is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due
to fraud or error; assessing the Company's ability to continue as a going concer, disclosing, as applicable, matters
related to going concer; and using the going concem basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the
Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Page 8


===== page 11 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited (continued)
Auditor’s responsibilities

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue our opinion in an auditor's report. Reasonable
assurance is a high level of assurance, but does not guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs
(UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial statements.

A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC’s website at ww.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities.
The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities

This report is made solely to the Company's members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the
Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the Company's members those
matters we are required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent
permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the Company's
members, as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Ax

Craig Parkin (Senior Statutory Auditor)

for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
Chartered Accountants

East West,

Tollhouse Hill

Nottingham,

NG1 5FS.

17 December 2024

Page 9


===== page 12 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements.
31 March 2024

Profit & loss account
for the year ended 31 March 2024

Year ended Year ended 31

Note 31 March 2024 March 2023

€000 £000

Revenue 2 16,229 11,588
Rechargeable expenses 2 (10) (28)
Net fee income 2 16,219 11,560
Cost of sales 4 (9,890) (7.14)
Gross profit 6,329 4,146
Administration expenses 3,4,5 (2,958) (2,139)
Operating profit 3,371 2,007
Finance expense (11) -
Profit before taxation 3,360 2,007
Taxation expense 6 (848) (362)
Profit for the year 2,512 1,645

In both the current and preceding year, the Company made no acquisitions and had no discontinued operations.

There was no other comprehensive income in either the current or preceding year and therefore no separate statement
of other comprehensive income has been presented.

The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.

Page 10


===== page 13 =====
Balance sheet
as at 31 March 2024

Non-current assets

Property, plant and equipment
Right-of-use asset

‘Amounts owed by Group undertakings

Total non-current assets
Current assets

Trade and other receivables
Cash at bank and in hand

Total current assets
Current liabilities

Trade and other payables
Lease liabilities
Corporation tax

Total current liabilities
Net current (liabilities)/assets
Total assets less current liabilities

Non-current liabilities
Deferred tax liability

Net assets

Capital and reserves
Issued share capital
Retained earings

Total shareholders’ equity

Note

oon

As at

34 March 2024

£000 £000

61

156

7,078

7,295
2,165
307
2,472
(3,451)
(159)
(220)
(3,830)

(1,358)

5,937

(14)

5,923

5,923

5,923

Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Asat

31 March 2023

£000 £000

55

55
6,191
1,148
7,339
(3,604)
(366)
(3,970)

3,369

3,424

(13)

3,411

3,411

3,411

The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements. These financial statements were approved and
authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 17 December 2024. They were signed on its behalf by:

Greg A Cook
Director

Company registered number: 09869494

Page 11


===== page 14 =====
Statement of changes in equity
for the year ended 31 March 2024

As at 1 April 2022

Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit for the year

Transactions with owners

Dividends

As at 31 March 2023

Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit for the year

Transactions with owners

Dividends

As at 31 March 2024

The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.

Page 12

Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2024

Total

Issued Retained shareholders’
share capital —_ earnings. equity
£000 £000 £000

: 1,910 4,910

1,645, 1,645,

(144) (144)

3,411 3,414

- 2,812 2,512

5,923 5,923


===== page 15 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements.
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements
(forming part of the financial statements)
1 Accounting policies

General information

Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited (the “Company” is a Company limited by shares, domiciled and registered in the UK.
The registered number is 09869494 and the registered address is 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB, United
Kingdom.

These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced Disclosure
Framework ("FRS 101”).

Basis of preparation

In preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement, and disclosure
requirements of Intemational Financial Reporting Standards (“Adopted IFRSs”) but makes amendments where
necessary in order to comply with Companies Act 2006 and has set out below where advantage of the FRS 101
disclosure exemptions has been taken.

The Company's ultimate parent undertaking, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc, includes the Company in its
consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting pic
are available to the public and may be obtained from 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB, United Kingdom or on
the website at alphafmc.com/investors.

In these financial statements, the Company has applied the exemptions available under FRS 101 in respect of the
following disclosures:
+ Acash flow statement and related notes;
+ Comparative period reconciliations for share capital, tangible fixed assets, intangible assets and investment
properties;
+ Disclosures in respect of transactions with wholly owned subsidiaries;
+ Disclosures in respect of capital management;
+ The effects of new but not yet effective IFRS;
+ The requirements of paragraphs 17 and 18A of IAS 24 Related Party Disclosures; and
+ The requirements in IAS 24 to disclose related party transactions entered into between two or more
members of a group, provided that any subsidiary which is a party to the transaction is wholly owned by
such a member.

As the consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc include the equivalent disclosures,
the Company has also taken the exemptions under FRS 101 available in respect of the following disclosures:

+ Certain disclosures required by IFRS 16 Leases in relation to disclosure of the Company's leasing activities;

and

+ The requirements of IFRS 7 Financial instruments: Disclosures.
The accounting policies set out below have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods presented
in these financial statements.
These financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, except for certain financial instruments
that are measured at fair value.
The presentational currency of these financial statements and the functional currency of the Company is pound
sterling. All amounts in these financial statements have been rounded to the nearest £1,000, unless stated
otherwise.

Page 13


===== page 16 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
41 Accounting policies (continued)

Going concern

In assessing the Company's ability to continue on a going concern basis for a period of at least 12 months from the
approval of these financial statements (the “going concer period”), the Directors considered the Company's
projected cash flows, access to intercompany funding from other Group entities, cash liquidity and existing borrowing
facilities.

Notwithstanding net current liabilities of £1.4m as at 31 March 2024, the financial statements have been prepared on
a going concern basis. The Directors consider this to be appropriate on the basis of cash flow forecasts prepared for
the wider Group, which support the ability of the Company to operate as a going concem. The Group prepared cash
flow forecasts covering the going concern period, which have been revised to reflect the acquisition of the Group by
Actium Bidco (UK) Limited after the reporting date, as disclosed in note 15, including the restructuring of the Group's
financing arrangements through the going concem period. The Directors of the Group considered the principal risks
and mitigants and analysed a base case, reflecting the Group's board approved budget for the going concem period,
as well as a reasonably possible downside scenario. This downside scenario models a 20% reduction in Group
forecast revenue with some limited cost mitigants applied. These modelled mitigants consist of a hiring freeze
alongside a partial reduction in the Group's discretionary profit share bonus payment budgeted for the FY 25
performance year, with the Group's underlying cost base unaffected. In this reasonable downside scenario, the
Group has relied upon access to funding of up to £10.0m from the Group's available £50.0m RCF through the going
concern period. No covenant breaches have been identified in either scenario.

The Directors consider this reasonably possible scenario and the sequence of events that could lead to it to be
unlikely. There remains headroom on the Group's RCF to facilitate further liquidity, as well as scope for further
mitigating cost actions to be taken on the underlying-cost base, if required.

The ability of the Company to settle its liabilities as they fall due within the going concern period is dependent on the
Company's ultimate parent company not seeking repayment of the amounts currently due to other companies
controlled by the Group, which at 31 March 2024 amounted to £1.0m. The Company also has access to additional
funding through other Group entities, via the Group's revolving credit facility (“RCF") of £50.0m. As with any
company placing reliance.on other group entities for financial support, the Directors acknowledge that there can be
no certainty that this support will continue although, at the date of approval of these financial statements, they have
no reason to believe that it will not do so.

After careful consideration, the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company's existing resources,
supplemented by the support of the wider Group, are adequate to meet its requirements over the going concern
period. On this basis, the Directors consider that it is appropriate to adopt the going concern basis in preparing the
financial statements.

Principal accounting policies
Significantjudgements and estimates

The preparation of financial information in accordance with IFRS requires management to make judgements,
estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and reported amounts of assets and
lial S, Income and expenses.

Judgements

The Directors have made one judgement, excluding those involving estimations, in the process of applying the
Company's accounting policies that are considered to have a significant effect on the amounts recognised in the
financial statements for the year ending 31 March 2024.

Revenue recognition

Revenue is the Company’s most significant caption in the profit & loss account. Whilst the majority of the Company's
revenue is contracted on a time and materials basis, the Company also has some fixed-price milestone contracts.
The recognition of revenue on such contracts involves consideration of the detailed contractual terms against the
requirements of IFRS 15. The key judgements include assessment of whether revenue should be recognised over
time or at a point in time, and whether the performance obligations under the contract have been met at the balance
sheet date, to best reflect the transfer of services through the life of each contract.

Estimates

There are no major sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting period that have a significant risk of
resulting in a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

Page 14


===== page 17 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)

Property, plant and equipment

All property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost (or deemed historical cost) less accumulated
depreciation. Cost includes the original purchase price of the asset and the costs attributable to bringing the asset to
its working condition for its intended use.

Depreciation is provided on all property, plant and equipment at rates calculated to write each asset down to its
estimated residual value on a straight-line basis at the following annual rates:

Computer equipment 3 years

Fixtures, fittings, and equipment 3 years

Useful economic lives and estimated residual values are reviewed annually and adjusted as appropriate.

Leases

The Company leases office premises in various jurisdictions. Leases are negotiated on an individual basis, and
for a variety of terms over which rentals are fixed. Leases may contain a break clause or options to extend for a
further period at the then prevailing market rate. Rental agreements to which IFRS 16 has been applied, are
greater than 12 months. Contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components. Non-lease components
are separately identifiable and are excluded from the recognition of the lease under IFRS 16.

The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that
are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.

Measurement of lease liabilities

On initial recognition of a new lease, the tease liability is recognised as the present value of future payments,
discounted using the incremental borrowing rate (“IBR"), unless the interest rate implicit to the lease is available
for use.

Lease payments to be made subsequent to optional termination options have been included within the lease
liability measurement, where it is reasonably certain that such options will be exercised.

Lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be easily
determined, the IBR is applied, being the rate that the individual lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds.
necessary to obtain an asset of similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment with
similar terms, security and conditions. In determining the IBR, the Company has made adjustments for relevant
factors such as lease term, lease value, country and asset-specific considerations.

The Company accounts for lease payments by allocating them to a finance cost element and against the lease
liability. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over the lease period.

When the Company revises its estimate of the term of any lease (for example, if a significant change in
circumstances within the Company's control indicates a reassessment is appropriate), the Company adjusts the
carrying amount of the lease liability to reflect the payments to make over the revised term, which are discounted
using a revised discount rate. In such cases, an equivalent adjustment is made to the carrying value of the right-
of-use asset, with the revised carrying amount being amortised over the remaining (revised) lease term. If the
carrying amount of the right-of-use asset is adjusted to zero, any further reduction is recognised in profit or loss.

The Company has no material exposure to variable lease payments that qualify for accounting treatment under
IFRS 16.

Measurement of night-of-use assets

The right-of-use asset for lease agreements is measured on initial recognition as the amount equal to the lease
liability on initial measurement, less any lease incentives, plus any initial direct costs. Right-of-use assets are
depreciated over the shorter of the asset's useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis.

The Company has used the practical expedients permitted by IFRS 16 in relation to accounting for leases with a
remaining lease term of less than 12 months as “short-term leases", and those with a low value as “low-value
leases”. Consequently, no lease liability or right-of-use asset is calculated thereon. These leases are expensed
in the profit & loss account. The Company also applies the practical expedient to combine leases with similar
characteristics to a portfolio of leases for the purpose of applying the requirements of IFRS 16.

See note 8 for further details on the Company's leasing arrangements.

Page 15


===== page 18 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)
Foreign currency

Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the Company's functional currency at the average foreign
exchange rate in the month of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at
the balance sheet date are retranslated to the functional currency at the foreign exchange rate ruling at that date. Non-
monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using
the average exchange rate in the month of the transaction and are not retranslated. Foreign exchange differences
arising on translation to functional currency are recognised in administration expenses.

Financial instruments

The Company uses financial instruments comprising cash and cash equivalents and other short-term instruments, such
as trade payables that arise from its operations. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to fund the
Company's business strategy and working capital requirements.

Accounting policies in respect of financial instruments are ‘outlined below.
Financial assets

Financial assets are initially measured at fair value plus or minus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair value
through profit or loss, transaction costs. The Company has not reclassified any financial assets subsequent to initial
recognition as at the balance sheet date. Reclassification of classes of financial assets is accounted for prospectively
in accordance with IFRS 9, where this is required. Any difference on reclassification from amortised cost to fair value
through profit or loss is recognised in the profit & loss at the reclassification date.

The Company recognises an expected credit loss provision in relation to financial assets. The simplified method is
applied to the Company's trade receivables as described below. The Company's expected credit loss provision on alll
other financial assets is immaterial as the probability of default is low. Movements in the expected credit loss provision
are recognised in profit or loss.

Trade and other receivables

Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at fair value, equal to the transaction price and subsequently
measured at amortised cost, less provision for impairment. The trade receivables balance recorded on the Company's
balance sheet are held until realised in cash.

The trade receivables balances recorded on the Company's balance sheet comprises a relatively small number of high-
value balances which are held until realised in cash.

The Company provides services to customers on credit terms with mainly arrears billing. Certain receivables may not
be paid. The Company applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a
lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables. To measure expected credit losses, trade receivables have
been grouped based on shared credit characteristics and the days past due. The Company consider historical loss
rates for each ageing category as a starting point for estimating the expected credit loss. This historical loss rate is
subsequently adjusted for macro-economic and customer-specific factors of receivables within each ageing category.
Characteristics considered by the Company for these purposes include: historical collection experience for each
customer; the assessed liquidity of key customers within the receivables balance; and other relevant macro-economic
factors in order to determine a reasonable and supportable assessment of the expected lifetime credit risk in the context
of the overall year-end trade receivables due.

Amounts owed by Group undertakings

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised
cost, less provision for impairment. A provision for impairment of intercompany receivables is established using an
expected credit loss model. The Company classifies amounts owed by Group undertakings as current when it expects
to recover the amounts within twelve months of the balance sheet date, based on its assessment of the counterparty's
ability and intention to settle the balances within this period. All other amounts owed by Group undertakings are
considered as non-current assets.

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and call deposits and are recorded and subsequently
measured at amortised cost in line with IFRS 9. Bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand and are included
as a component of cash and cash equivalents.

Page 16


===== page 19 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)

Financial instruments (continued)

Financial liabilities

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities
designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss. Financial liabilities are classified as held for
trading if they are acquired for the purpose of selling in the near term. This category includes derivative financial
instruments entered into by the Company that are not designated as hedging instruments in hedge relationships as
defined by IFRS 9. As at 31 March 2024, the Company had no derivative financial instruments or designated hedge
relationships.

Other financial liabilities held by the Company are recognised at amortised cost.
Trade and other payables

Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value, equal to the transaction price, and are subsequently
measured at amortised cost. Trade payables due within one year are not discounted.

Amounts owed to Group undertakings

Amounts owed to Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised
cost. Balances due within one year are not discounted.

External borrowings

All loans and borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, equal to the value of amounts received. Borrowings are
subsequently stated at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds and the redemption value is recognised
in the profit & loss account over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest method.

Impairment of non-financial assets

The carrying amounts of the entity's non-financial assets, other than deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each
reporting date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the
asset's recoverable amount is estimated. The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the greater of its value
in use and its fair value, less costs to sell. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are
discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the
time value of money and the risks specific to the asset.

For the purposes of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the
smailest group of assets that generates independent cash inflows (the CGU); that is, cash inflows from
continuing use that are [argely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or groups of assets.

An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable
amount. Impairment losses are recognised in the profit & loss account. Impairment losses recognised in respect
of CGUs are allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the units and then to
reduce the carrying amounts of other assets in the CGU (or group of CGUs) on a pro-rata basis.

An impairment loss relating to non-financial assets, excluding goodwill, is reversed if, and only if, the reasons for
the impairment have ceased to apply.

Impairment losses recognised in prior years are assessed at each reporting date for any indication that the loss
has decreased or no longer exists. An impairment loss is only reversed to the extent that the asset's carrying
amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or
amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

Right-of-use assets are accounted for in line with the leases section above.
Employee benefits
Defined contribution plans

A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which the Company pays fixed contributions into
a separate entity and will have a legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts. Contributions to defined
contribution schemes are charged to the profit & loss account as they become payable in accordance with the rules
of the scheme. Differences between contributions payable in the year and contributions paid are shown as either
accruals or pre-payments in the balance sheet.

Page 17


===== page 20 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements.
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)
Revenue recognition

Recognition of revenue and client billing

Revenue consists of the value of work executed for clients during the year and expenses recharged, exclusive of
VAT. Revenue is classified into net fee income and recharged expenses. Net fee income represents the Company's
personnel, subcontractor and related expertise and services sold to clients. Recharged expenses are the recharge of
costs incidental to fulfilling contracts including flights, subsistence and accommodation on which nil or negligible
margin is earned by the Company.

The Company delivers services that have no altemative use to the Company (advice to clients, reports, etc.) as the
services are specifically tailored to clients’ projects and scope of work. The significant majority of the Company's
revenue is contracted on a time and materials basis, where the performance obligation is to provide consultancy
resources at agreed day rates. For such contracts, revenue is recognised over time, as consultant days worked are
delivered. Modifications or extensions to such projects are recognised as services are delivered. Significant
extensions, where the scope or price of the contract increases, are treated as separate contracts. Contracts accounted
for on a time and materials basis are billed incrementally, typically monthly, for incurred time and materials.

Revenue recognition for fixed-fee projects is based on the satisfaction of performance obligations in line with
contractual project milestones, depending on the nature of the performance obligations for the project. Material scope
changes are managed via a new agreement with the client. Fixed-fee projects are typically billed in accordance with
the nature of the performance obligations when a right to payment crystallises.

For most fixed-fee milestone projects, revenue is recognised at a point in time upon delivery of each performance
obligation and these projects are typically billed as contractual milestones are delivered and the right to payment
exists. Contractual milestones are only treated as separate performance obligations by the Company when they are
distinct from the other elements in the contract and could provide a benefit to the customer without further work being
completed. In limited circumstances, revenue from fixed fee milestone projects is recognised over time where the
Company has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date, before the contractual milestone
has, been fully delivered.

Revenue is wholly attributable to the principal activities of the Company. For all revenue types, payment is typically
due between 30 and 60 days after the invoice date or receipt of invoice, depending on the client and geography.

Recognition of contract receivables

Activity performance recognised as revenue in excess of invoices raised results in the recognition of a contract
receivable, which is included within accrued income, up to the value of the relevant project delivery milestone,
where applicable. On invoicing, the contract receivable is reclassified to be trade receivables.

Recognition of contract liabilities

Where amounts have been invoiced in excess of work performed and revenue recognised, the excess is a contract
liability and is included within deferred income, valued in line with the nature of the project and related performance
obligations as described above and recognised in future periods.

Costof sales

Cost of sales is defined by management as the direct costs associated with the generation of the Company's revenue,
including staff payroll and contractor costs that are directly attributable to the delivery of services and supporting growth.

Rechargeable expenses, including travel and subsistence directly recharged to the Company's clients as part of revenue
generation, are presented within the “rechargeable expenses" line within the Company's profit & loss account.

Capitalised contract fulfilment costs

Costs directly attributable to the fulfilment of unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied performance obligations on customer
contracts are recognised as an asset where these costs generate or enhance resources of the Company and the costs
are expected to be recovered. These costs principally relate to partially completed milestones on fixed-fee contracts.
These costs are recognised in the profit & loss account at the point of revenue recognition.

Page 18


===== page 21 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
341 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)

Administration expenses

Administration expenses are defined by management as costs incurred by the Company that are not directly
associated with the generation of revenue. This includes items such as head office staff costs, recruitment and
professional fees and IT services, which are expensed as incurred. Administration expenses exclude finance income
and expenses and taxation, which are presented separately in the profit and & account.

Finance income and finance expense

Finance income includes interest receivable on cash invested. Finance expense includes interest payable, unwinding of
the discount on provisions, and discount unwinding associated with leases within the scope of IFRS 16.

Interest income and interest payable on bank loans or amounts due to certain Company undertakings is recognised in
profit or loss as it accrues, using the effective interest method.

Dividends payable

Dividends payable are recognised in the statement of changes in equity on the date the entity's obligation to pay the
dividend is established.

Taxation

Current and deferred tax is recognised in the profit & loss account.

Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted

or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous
periods.

Deferred tax is provided using the balance sheet liability method, providing for temporary differences between

the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation
purposes. The amount of deferred tax provided is based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement of

the carrying amount of assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the balance

sheet date. .

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is
no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against
current tax liabilities, and when they relate to taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the Company intends to
settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

New accounting standards and interpretations

The following changes in accounting policies were applied by the Company in these financial statements for the year
ended 31 March 2024. These included the adoption of new standards and interpretations described below.
The International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) have issued the
following standards, amendments and interpretations which are now effective:

« IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts, effective from 1 January 2023;

+ Amendments to IFRS 17, effective from 1 January 2023;

* Disclosure of Accounting Policies (Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2), effective from
4 January 2023;

* — Definition of Accounting Estimates (Amendments to IAS 8), effective from 1 January 2023;

¢ Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction (Amendments tolAS 12),
effective from 1 January 2023;

* International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules (Amendments to IAS 12) — Application of the exception
and disclosure of that fact, effective from 23 May 2023;

« International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules (Amendments to IAS 12) — other disclosure
requirements, effective from 1 January 2023; and

« — International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules (Amendments to the IFRS for SMEs' Standard),
effective frorm 29 September 2023 (not yet endorsed by the UK).

Page 19


===== page 22 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)
New accounting standards and interpretations (continued)

The Directors reviewed the nature and effect of these new standards on the Company and noted no material impact
on the financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2024.

The Directors have considered new standards and interpretations that have been issued but not yet been effective,
however have applied the exemption not to disclose this information under FRS 101.

2 Revenue
FY 24 FY23
£000 £000
Rendering of services 16,219 11,560
Rechargeable expenses 10 28
16,229 11,588
FY 24 FY23
£000 £000
By activity
Management and technology consulting 16,229 11,588
3 Auditor’s remuneration
Auditor's remuneration
FY 24 FY 23
£000 £000
Audit of these financial statements. 38 30

Amounts receivable by the Company's auditor and its associates in respect of services to the Company and its
associates, other than the audit of the Company's financial statements, have not been disclosed as the information is
required instead to be disclosed on a consolidated basis in the consolidated financial statements of the Company's
ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc.

4 Staff numbers and costs

The average number of persons employed by the Company (including Directors) during the year, analysed by
category, was as follows:

Number of employees

FY 24 FY23

Administrative 2 2
Sales 70 53
‘Average number of employees in the year 72 55

t

Page 20


===== page 23 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2024
Notes to the financial statements (continued)
4 Staff numbers and costs (continued)
The aggregate payroll costs of these persons were as follows:
FY 24 FY23
£000 £000
Wages, salaries and short term benefits 8,080 6,081
Social security costs 765 618
Contributions to defined contribution plans 179 122
Total staff costs for the year 9,024 6,821
5 Directors’ remuneration
FY 24 FY23
£000 £000
Directors’ remuneration 350 17
Gain on share option exercises . - 194
‘Company contributions to money purchase pension plan 8 :

The highest paid director received remuneration of £350,000 (FY 23: £177,000) in respect of qualifying services
provided to the Company.

The value of the company’s contributions paid to defined contribution pension scheme in respect of the highest paid
director amounted to £8,000 (FY 23: £4,000).

The highest paid director exercised no share options during the year (FY 23: the highest paid director exercised
share options).

All of the Company's directors are remunerated through other Group entities. The amounts disclosed in the table above
do not refiect the charges in the Company's profit and loss account. Instead, the amounts disclosed are based on an
allocation methodology, which reflects the level of qualifying services provided to the Company by each director.
FY 24 includes 100% of the remuneration for one director, whereas FY 23 includes 50% of the remuneration of one
director, based on the level of qualifying services provided to the Company in each year.

Number of Directors
FY 24 FY23

Benefits are accruing to the following number of Directors under:

Money purchase schemes (retirement benefits) 1 1

Long term share incentive plan 1 1

Amounts paid or payable to certain of the Company's Directors through other Group undertakings have been
excluded from the above disclosure and included within the disclosures of other Group companies, on the basis that
their services are predominantly provided to other Group companies.

Page 21


===== page 24 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)

6 Taxation
FY 24 FY 23
£000 £000 £000 £000

Current tax
Current tax on income for the period 220 366
Group relief payable 623 5
Adjustments in respect of prior periods 4 (22)
Total current tax a7 349
Deferred tax
Origination and reversal of timing differences 1 "
Effect of tax rate change on opening balances : 4
‘Adjustments in respect of prior periods : (2)
Total deferred tax 1 13
Total tax expense for the year 848 362

The Finance Act 2022 increased the main rate of corporation tax in the UK to 25% from 1 April 2023. The deferred
tax balances reflect this substantively enacted rate in the current and prior years.

The difference between the total tax expense shown above and the amount calculated by applying the standard rate
of UK corporation tax to the profit before tax is as follows:

FY 24 FY 23
£000 £000
Profit before taxation 3,360 2,007
Tax using the UK corporation tax rate of 25% (FY 23: 19%) 840 381
Change in tax rate on deferred tax balances - 4
Fixed asset differences : re)
Expenses not deductible for taxation 4 3
Group relief claimed (623) (5)
Payment for group relief 623 5
Adjustments in respect of prior periods 4 (24)
Total tax expense for the year 248 362
6 Property, plant and equipment
Fixtures & “Computer
Fittings equipment Total
£000 £000 £000
Cost
Balance at 1 April 2023, 1 1 112
Additions - 39 39
Disposals - : -
Balance at 31 March 2024 ‘ 1 150 151
Depreciation and impairment TI
Balance at 1 April 2023, a (66) (67)
Depreciation charge for the year - (33) (33)
Disposals - - -
Balance at 31 March 2024 (1) (89) (80)
Net book value
Balance at 31 March 2024 : 61 61
Balance at 1 April 2023 - 55 55

Page 22


===== page 25 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2024
Notes to the financial statements (continued)
7 Leases
Right-of-use assets
Offices
£000
Net book value
As at 1 April 2022
Additions -
Depreciation charge -
Disposals and other movements -
‘As at 31 March 2023 -
Additions 276
Depreciation charge (120)
Disposals and other movements -
As at 31 March 2024 156
Amounts recognised in the profit & loss account
FY 24 FY23
£000 £000
Depreciation of right-of-use asset (120) -
Short-term lease expense (148) (204)
Low-value lease expense - -
Variable service charges : -
Included in administration expenses (268) (204)
Interest expense on lease liabilities (11) -
Included in finance expenses. Co) -

Total rental payments made in the year on all lease tenors amounted to £0.3m (FY 23: £0.2m).

Variable service charge costs associated with the Company's property leases representing potential future
outflows relating to the lease arrangements are not included within the IFRS 16 lease liability.

The Company has given consideration to any extension options and early termination options with reasonable
certainty at the date of signing these financial statements, and these have been reflected within the lease liability
where appropriate.

The Company had no income associated with sub-leasing arrangements, or gains/losses associated with sale-
and-leaseback transactions in the year ended 31 March 2024.

Page 23


===== page 26 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)

9 Trade and other receivables

FY 24 FY 23

£000 £000

Trade receivables 1,547 1,178

‘Amounts owed by Group undertakings 533 4,947

Other receivables 60 43
Prepayments and accrued income 25 23

Total amounts due within one year 2165 6,191

Trade receivables are stated after provisions for impairment and expected credit losses of £25,000 (FY 23: £23,000).

The Directors are satisfied that all outstanding amounts from subsidiary group undertakings are recoverable. Expected
credit losses in relation to amounts owed by Group undertakings were immaterial in both the current and prior year.

Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and generally have a 30- to 60-day term. Due to their short maturities, the
carrying amount of trade and other receivables is a reasonable approximation of their fair value.

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are interest free and are repayable on demand. As at 31 March 2024, amounts
owed by Group undertakings of £7,078,000 (FY 23: £nil) are presented separately as non-current assets on the balance
sheet. These amounts are largely due from Group holding companies. The Company does not intend on demanding
repayment of these balances within twelve months of the balance sheet date as it does not anticipate it will require the
cash within this period.

10 Cash and cash equivalents
FY 24 FY23
£000 £000
Cash at bank 307 1,148
Cash and cash equivalents _ 307 1,148

All cash and cash equivalents held by the Company are available for use by the Company with no restrictions.

1 Trade and other payables

FY 24 FY23

£000 £000

Trade payables 17 33

Amounts owed to Group undertakings 1017 1,541

Taxation and social security 875 479

‘Accruals and deferred income 4,742 1,551

Total amounts owed within one year 3,451 3,604

Amounts owed to Group undertakings are either interest-bearing or non-interest-bearing depending on the type of the
creditor relationship and local regulatory requirements. At the balance sheet date all of these balances are non-interest-
bearing. All amounts owed to Group undertakings are repayable on demand. The reduction in amounts owed to Group
undertakings is due to the settlement of balances during the year.

Page 24


===== page 27 =====
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2024

Notes to the financial statements (continued)

1 Trade and other payables (continued)

Deferred income relates to contract liabilities arising from the Company's revenue generating activities relating to
payments received in advance of performance delivered under a contract. These contract liabilities typically arise on
short-term timing differences between performance obligations in some milestone or fixed-fee contracts and their
respective contracted payment schedules. The contract liability movement in the year represents these timing
differences across contracts at each year end. As at 31 March 2024 there is an immaterial level of deferred income
held on the Company's balance sheet, and movements in contract liabilities in the year were also immaterial. All current
deferred income is expected to be recognised through revenue within one year.

12 Capital and reserves
FY 24 FY 23
£ £
Allotted, called up and fully paid
100 ordinary shares of £1 each 100° 100
Balance at the end of the year 100 100

The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled
to one vote per share at meetings of the Company.

Dividends

During the year, no dividend payment was made (FY 23: £144,000) to the Company's sole shareholder, Lionpoint
Holdings, Inc. The Directors have not recommended the payment of a final dividend (FY 23: £nil).

13 Related parties
The Company has not engaged in any transactions with any related parties other than with wholly owned subsidiaries

within the Alpha Group, and remuneration of the Company's key management personnel. These transactions have
not been disclosed as the Company has taken advantage of exemptions under FRS 101.

14 Ultimate parent company

The Company is a subsidiary undertaking of Lionpoint Holdings, Inc., a company incorporated in the United States
of America. As at 31 March 2024, the ultimate parent company and controlling party was Alpha Financial Markets
Consulting pic, a company incorporated in England and Wales.

Both the largest and smallest Group in which the results of the Company are consolidated is that headed by Alpha
Financial Markets Consulting plc. The consolidated financial statements of the Group are available to the public and
may be obtained from 60 Gresham Street, London EC2V 7BB, United Kingdom, or the website
investors.alphafmc.com.

15 Events after the reporting period

Interim dividend

On 12 August 2024, the Company declared an interim dividend totalling £5,900,000, payable to the sole
shareholder of the Company, Lionpoint Holdings, Inc. The dividend was paid by way of a distribution in specie,
as permitted by the Company's Articles of Association. The effect of paying this dividend is to reduce amounts
‘owed by Group undertakings in the Company's balance sheet by £5,900,000. Given this dividend was declared
and paid after the balance sheet date, it has not been recognised in these financial statements.

Change in control of the Company following the acquisition of the Group by Actium Bidco (UK) Limited

On 19 August 2024, the Company's ultimate parent company, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting pic, was acquired
by Actium Bidco (UK) Limited. Following this acquisition, the shares of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc were
de-listed from AIM on 20 August 2024 and the company was re-registered as a private limited company under the
Companies Act 2006. Actium Bidco (UK) Limited is a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of Actium Topco (UK) Limited,
which is owned by certain funds managed by Bridgepoint Advisers Limited.

Page 25
