

===== page 1 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: AC53C56F-8F7D-4072-8A2F-2DAC17D17C2E

Registration number: 15108420

Bridgepoint OP GP Limited
ANNUAL REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024

WOM

HLL

A20 04/09/2025 #102
COMPANIES HOUSE

THURSDAY


===== page 2 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: AC53C56F-B8F7D-4072-8A2F-2DAC17017C2E

Bridgepoint OP GP Limited

Directors’ Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

The Directors present their Directors’ report together with the audited financial statements (the “financial statements") of Bridgepoint OP
GP Limited (the "Company") for the year ended 31 December 2024.

The prior year figures are unaudited as the Company took the dormant entity audit exemption under section 480 of the Companies Act
2006. The exemption is no longer applicable in the current year and therefore, the financial statements for the year ended 31 December
2024 are subject to an audit.

The report has been prepared in accordance with the special provisions relating to small companies within Part 15 of the Companies Act
2006. The company has taken an exemption from preparing the Strategic Report in accordance with $414B of the Companies Act 2006.

Principal activities
The principal activity of the Company is to act as General Partner to Bridgepoint OP LP (the “Limited Parmership”).

Results and dividends
The results for the financial year are shown on page 6.

No dividend was proposed by the Directors for the year ended 31 December 2024 (period ended 31 December 2023: nil)
Future developments

The Directors do not anticipate any significant change in the business of the Company

Directors of the Company
The Directors who held office during the year and up to the date of signing were as follows:

JR Hughes
AM Jones (resigned on 31 August 2024)
DS Plant (appointed on 13 August 2024)
RC Thompson

GP Weldon

EG Woods

Directors' indemnity

During the year and at the time of signing, a Bridgepoint Group entity maintains liability insurance for Directors and Officers of
Bridgepoint Group ple and associated companies (together, the “Group"), which includes the Company. This is a qualifying third party
indemnity provision for the purpose of the Companies Act 2006.

Statement of Directors' Respons in Respect of the Financial Statements

The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities for preparing the Directors’ report and the financial statements in accordance with
applicable law and regulations.

Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law the Directors have elected to
prepare the financial statements in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice (United Kingdom
Accounting Standards), comprising FRS 102 “The Financial Reporting Standard applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland”, and
applicable law. Under company law the Directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true
and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for that year. In preparing these financial
statements, the Directors are required to:

. select suitable accounting policies and apply them consistently;

+ make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

: state whether applicable United Kingdom Accounting Standards, comprising FRS 102, have been followed, subject to any
material departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements; and

. prepare the financial statements on a going concer basis unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease

operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Page |


===== page 3 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: AC53C56F-8F 7D-4072-8A2F-2DAC17D17C2E

Bridgepoint OP GP Limited
Directors’ Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in Respect of the Financial Statements (continued)

The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the Company's transactions
and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company and enable them to ensure that the financial
statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They are also responsible for safeguarding the assets of the Company and hence for
taking reasonable steps for the prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities.

Post balance sheet events

There have been no material events after the reporting year that would require adjusting or disclosing within these accounts.
Disclosure of information to the auditor

Each Director at the time when the Directors’ report is approved has confirmed that:

+ so far as the Director is aware, there is no relevant audit information needed by the Company’s auditor in connection with
preparing their report of which the Company's auditor is unaware; and

° the Director has taken all the steps that ought to have been taken as a Director in order to be aware of any relevant audit
information and to establish that the Company's auditor is aware of that information.

Appointment of auditor
Forvis Mazars LLP were appointed as auditor of the Company in line with Section 485 of the Companies Act 2006.

Approved by the Board on 27 August 2025 and signed on its behalf by:

Ghedlioky

DS Plant
Director

Page 2


===== page 4 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: AC53C56F-8F7D-4072-8A2F-2DAC17D17C2E

Independent auditor’s report to the members of
Bridgepoint OP GP Limited
Opinion
We have audited the financial statements of Bridgepoint OP GP Limited (the ‘company’) for the year ended 31 December 2024

which comprise the Profit and Loss account, the Statement of Comprehensive Income, the Balance Sheet, the Statement of
Changes in Equity and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

The financial reporting framework that has been applied in their preparation is applicable law and United Kingdom Accounting
Standards, including FRS 102 “The Financial Reporting Standard applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland” (United
Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice)

In our opinion, the financial statements:

* give a true and fair. view of the state of the company’s affairs as at 31 December 2024 and of its profit for the year then
ended;

* have been properly prepared in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice; and

have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and applicable law. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the “Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial
statements” section of our report. We are independent of the company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are
relevant to our audit of the financial statements in the UK, including the FRC’s Ethical Standard, and we have fulfilled our other
ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Other matter

Without qualitying our opinion, we draw attention to the directors’ report on page | and accounting policies on page 10 to the
financial statements and the fact that the comparative information in the accounts were unaudited as the Company had claimed
the dormant entity exemption from audit in accordance with Section 480 of the Companies Act 2006.

Conclusions relating to going concern

In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the
preparation of the financial statements is appropriate.

Based on the work we have performed, we have not identified any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that,
individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the company's ability to continue as a going concer for a period of at
least twelve months from when the financial statements are authorised for issue.

Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the directors with respect to going concem are described in the relevant sections
of this report.

Other information

The other information comprises the information included in the annual report other than the financial statements and our
auditor’s report thereon. The directors are responsible for the other information contained within the annual report. Our opinion
on the financial statements does not cover the other information and, except to the extent otherwise explicitly stated in our report,
we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially
inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the course of the audit, or otherwise appears to be

Page 3


===== page 5 =====
Docusign Envelope 1D: AC53C56F-8F7D-4072-8A2F-2DAC17D17C2E

materially misstated. If we identify such material inconsistencies or apparent material misstatements, we are required to
determine whether this gives rise to a material misstatement in the financial statements themselves. If, based on the work we
have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.

We have nothing to report in this regard.

Opinions on other matters prescribed by the Companies Act 2006
In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit:

¢ the information given in the directors’ report for the financial year for which the financial statements is prepared is
consistent with the financial statements; and

© the directors’ report has been prepared in accordance with applicable legal requirements.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception

In light of the knowledge and understanding of the company and its environment obtained in the course of the audit, we have
not identified material misstatements in the directors’ report.

We have nothing to report in respect of the following matters in relation to which the Companies Act 2006 requires us to report
to you if, in our opinion:

© adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received from branches
not visited by us; or

the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or
* certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or
we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit; or

«the directors were not entitled to take advantage of the small companies’ exemption in preparing the directors’ report and
from the requirement to prepare a strategic report.

Responsibilities of Directors

As explained more fully in the statement of directors’ responsibilities set out on pages | and 2, the directors are responsible for
the preparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view, and for such internal control
as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the company’s ability to continue as a going
concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concem basis of accounting unless the
directors either intend to liquidate the company or to cease operations, or have no realistic altemative but to do so.

‘ies for the audit of the financial statements

Auditor’s responsib'

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is
a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a
material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or
in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the
financial statements.

The extent to which our procedures are capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud is detailed below.

Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations. We design procedures in line with our
responsibilities, outlined above, to detect material misstatements in respect of irregularities, including fraud.

Based on our understanding of the company and its industry, we considered that non-compliance with the following laws and
regulations might have a material effect on the financial statements: tax legislation and the Companies Act 2006.

Page 4


===== page 6 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: AC53C56F-8F7D-4072-8A2F-2DAC17D17C2E

To help us identify instances of non-compliance with these laws and regulations, and in identifying and assessing the risks of
material misstatement in respect to non-compliance, our procedures included, but were not limited to:
© Inquiring of management and, where appropriate, those charged with governance, as to whether the company is in
compliance with laws and regulations, and discussing their policies and procedures regarding compliance with laws and
regulations;
* Inspecting correspondence, if any, with relevant licensing or regulatory authorities;

* Communicating identified laws and regulations to the engagement team and remaining alert to any indications of non-
compliance throughout our audit; and

© Considering the risk of acts by the company which were contrary to applicable laws and regulations, including fraud.

We also considered those laws and regulations that have a direct effect on the preparation of the financial statements, such as the
Companies Act 2006.

In addition, we evaluated the directors’ and management’s incentives and opportunities for fraudulent manipulation of the
financial statements, including the risk of management override of controls, and determined that the principal risks related to
manipulating accounting records and preparing fraudulent financial statements by overriding controls that otherwise appear to
be operating effectively. Due to the unpredictable way in which such override could occur, there is a risk of material misstatement
due to fraud on all audits.

Our audit procedures in relation to fraud included but were not limited to:

¢ Making enquiries of the directors and management on whether they had knowledge of any actual, suspected or alleged
fraud;

© Gaining an understanding of the internal controls established to mitigate risks related to fraud;
¢ Discussing amongst the engagement team the risks of fraud; and

« Addressing the risks of fraud through management override of controls by performing journal entry testing.

There are inherent limitations in the audit procedures described above and the primary responsibility for the prevention and
detection of irregularities including fraud rests with management. As with any audit, there remained a risk of non-detection of
irregularities, as these may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations or the override of internal
controls.

A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the Financial Reporting
Council's website at www.fre.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms part of our auditor’s report.

Use of the audit report

This report is made solely to the company’s members as a body in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act
2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the company’s members those matters we are required to
state to them in an auditor's report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume
responsibility to anyone other than the company and the company’s members as a body for our audit work, for this report, or for
the opinions we have formed.

Diego Fern; 2 (Au; , 2025 14:51:03 GMT+1)

Diego Fernandez (Senior Statutory Auditor)
for and on behalf of Forvis Mazars LLP
Chartered Accountants and Statutory Auditor
30 Old Bailey, London, EC4M 7AU

28 August 2025

Page 5


===== page 7 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: AC53C56F-8F7D-4072-8A2F-2DAC17D17C2E

Bridgepoint OP GP Limited

Profit and Loss Account for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

Income from Limited Partnership

Profit before tax
Taxation

Profit for the financial year

The results above relate to continuing operations

Note

(Unaudited)
Period from

1 September to

2024 31 December 2023
£ £
364 =
364 7
364 7

The notes on pages 10 to 13 form an integral part of these financial statements.

Page 6


===== page 8 =====
Docusign Envelope 1D: AC53C56F-8F7D-4072-8A2F-2DAC17D17C2E

Bridgepoint OP GP Limited

Statement of Comprehensive Income for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

(Unaudited)

Period from

1 September to

2024 31 December 2023
£ £

Profit for the year 364 -
Other comprehensive income:

Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax - .

Total comprehensive income for the year 364 -

The results above relate to continuing operations

The notes on pages 10 to 13 form an integral part of these financial statements,

Page 7



===== page 9 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: AC53C56F-8F7D-4072-8A2F-2DAC17D17C2E

Bridgepoint OP GP Limited

(Registration number: 15108420)
Balance Sheet as at 31 December 2024

(Unaudited)

Period from

1 September to

2024 31 December 2023

Note £ £
Current assets
Debtors: amounts falling due within one year 9 365 1
Net current assets 365 i
Net assets 365 |
Capital and reserves
Called up share capital 10 1 1
Retained earnings 364 :
365 1

Total equity

The financial statements of Bridgepoint OP GP Limited were approved and authorised by the Board of Directors on 27 August 2025 and
signed on their behalf by:

Behe,

DS Plant
Director

‘The notes on pages 10 to 13 form an integral part of these financial statements.

Page 8



===== page 10 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: AC53C56F-8F7D-4072-8A2F-2DAC17D17C2E

Bridgepoint OP GP Limited

Statement of Changes in Equity for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

Called up Retained
share capital earnings Total equity
£ £ £
On incorporation 1 - 1
Profit for the period - - -
Other comprehensive income : - -
Total comprehensive income - - -
As at31 December 2023 1 : 1
Atl January 2024 1 - I
Profit for the year : 364 364
Other comprehensive income : : :
Total comprehensive income : 364 364
As at 31 December 2024 1 364 365

The notes on pages 10 to 13 form an integral part of these financial statements.

Page 9



===== page 11 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: AC53C56F-8F7D-4072-8A2F-2DAC17D17C2E

Bridgepoint OP GP Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

1 General information

The Company is a private company limited by shares and domiciled in the United Kingdom. The country of its incorporation is England
and Wales. The address of its registered office and principal place of business is 5 Marble Arch, London, W1H 7EJ.

2 Statement of compliance
The individual financial statements of the Company have been prepared in compliance with United Kingdom Accounting Standards,
including Financial Reporting Standard 102, "The Financial Reporting Standard applicable in the United Kingdom and Republic of
Ireland" ("FRS 102") and the Companies Act 2006.

3 Summary of significant accounting policies

The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these financial statements are set out below. These policies have been
consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.

(a) Basis of preparation

These financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, as modified by certain financial assets and liabilities
measured at fair value through profit or loss, when it is required by FRS 102.

The prior year figures are unaudited as the Company took the dormant entity audit exemption under section 480 of the Companies Act
2006. The exemption is no longer applicable in the current year and therefore, the financial statements for the year ended 31 December
2024 are subject to an audit,

(b) Going concern
The financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis as the Director have a reasonable expectation that the Company
has adequate resources to continue its operational existence for a period of at least 12 months from the date of signing the annual report
and financial statements having assessed the Company's business risks, financial position and resources.

Specifically, the Company has in place a long-term contract with the Limited Partnership which gives it good visibility of income. The
expenses incurred by the Company are predictable due to the nature of operations. Taken in combination, the Directors are therefore
satisfied that the Company is a going concern.

(c) Exemption under Financial Reporting Standards

FRS 102 allows a qualifying entity certain disclosure exemptions, subject to certain conditions, which have been complied with,
including notification of, and no objection to, the use of the exemptions by the Companys shareholders. The Company has taken
advantage of the following exemptions:

Cash Flow Statement - The Company has taken advantage of the exemption, under FRS 102 paragraph 1.12 (b), from preparing a
statement of cash flows, on the basis that it is a qualifying entity and its parent company, Bridgepoint Group ple includes the Company's
cash flows in their own consolidated financial statements.

Related Party Transactions - The Company has taken advantage of the exemption, under FRS 102 paragraph 33.1, from the requirement
to disclose related party transactions within the Group on the grounds that 100% of the voting rights are controlled within the Group.
Transactions with the fund partnerships and other shareholders of the Group are not exempt and are disclosed where applicable.

(a) Income

The Company, as General Partner to the Limited Partnership does not receive a fee but participates in the profit or loss of the Limited
Partnership, the Income from the Limited Partnership. The income earned by the Company is recorded as revenue through the Profit and
Loss Account and is recognised in accordance with the Limited Partnership Agreement ("LPA").

Page 10


===== page 12 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: ACS3C56F-8F7D-4072-8A2F-2DAC17D17C2E

Bridgepoint OP GP Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

3 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)

(e) Expenses
Expenses incurred have been recognised on an accruals basis.

(f) Taxation

Taxation expense for the period comprises current and deferred tax recognised in the reporting period. Tax is recognised in the profit and
loss account, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case tax is
also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.

Current tax is the amount of income tax payable in respect of the taxable profit for the year or prior year. Tax is calculated on the basis of
tax rates and laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the year end.

Deferred tax arises from timing differences that are differences between taxable profits and total comprehensive income as stated in the
financial statements. These timing differences arise from the inclusion of income and expenses in tax assessments in periods different
from those in which they are recognised in financial statements.

Deferred tax is recognised on all timing differences at the reporting date except for certain exceptions. Unrelieved tax losses and other
deferred tax assets are only recognised when it is probable that they will be recovered against the reversal of deferred tax liabilities or
other future taxable profits, Deferred tax is measured using tax rates and laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the
period end and that are expected to apply to the reversal of the timing difference.

Deferred taxation assets and liabilities are not discounted.

(g) Debtors

Short term debtors are measured at the transaction price, less any impairment.
(h) Creditors

Short term creditors are measured at the transaction price.

(i) Foreign currency and transaction balances

The Company's functional and presentational currency is the pound sterling. These financial statements are presented in pounds sterling.

Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the opening spot exchange rate for the month in which the
transaction occurs as an approximation for the actual rate at the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in
foreign currencies are translated to pound sterling using the closing rate at the year-end. Non-monetary items measured at historical cost
are translated using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction and non-monetary items measured at fair value are measured using the
exchange rate when fair value was determined.

Foreign currency gains and losses are recognised in the Profit and Loss Account.
4 Judgements in applying accounting policies and key sources of estimation uncertainty

In applying the Company’s accounting policies, the Directors may be required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that could
impact the amounts reported for assets and liabilities as at the reporting date and the amounts reported for revenues and expenses during
the year. The Directors’ judgements, estimates and assumptions are based on the best and most reliable evidence available at the time
when the decisions are made, and are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be applicable. Due to the
inherent subjectivity involved in making such judgements, estimates and assumptions, the actual results and outcomes may differ.

The judgements, estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. The Directors do not consider the financial
statements to have any critical estimates or matters requiring significant judgement.

Page 11


===== page 13 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: AC53C56F-8F7D-4072-8A2F-2DAC17D17C2E

Bridgepoint OP GP Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

5 Operating profit
Audit fees for the year are £8,500 (period ended 31 December 2023: nil) and are borne by a fellow subsidiary undertaking.
6 Tax on profit .

(a) Tax expense included in the Profit and Loss account

(Unaudited)
Period from

1 September to
2024 31 December 2023
£ £

Current taxation:
UK corporation tax - -

UK corporation tax adjustment to prior periods : :

Total current tax : =

Deferred taxation:
Deferred tax expense - -

Adjustment to tax charge in respect of prior periods : :

Total deferred tax : =

Tax charge on result

(b) Recone

The tax on result before tax for the year is different to the standard rate of corporation tax in the UK for the year ended 31 December
2024 of 25% (period ended 31 December 2023: same as the standard rate of 23.5%).

ion of tax charge

The differences are reconciled below:
(Unaudited)

Period from
1 September to

2024 31 December 2023

£ £

Profit before tax 364 -
Corporation tax at standard rate in the UK of 25% 7 91 -

_ Group relief for nil consideration (I) -

Total tax charge for the year : :

7 Employees

The Company did not employ any personnel during the year (period ended 31 December 2023: none).

Page 12


===== page 14 =====
S

Docusign Envelope ID: ACS3C56F-8F7D-4072-8A2F-2DAC17D17C2E.

Bridgepoint OP GP Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

8 Directors’ remuneration

No Directors received any remuneration directly from the Company during the year (period ended 31 December 2023: nil). Remuneration
received by individual Directors who are employed and paid by another group entity cannot be sensibly attributed across the entities for
which each Director is a Director of.

9 Debtors: amounts falling due within one year
(Unaudited)
Period from
1 September to

2024 31 December 2023
£ £
Amounts owed from Group undertakings 365 U

Amounts owed from Group undertakings represent short term receivables due from the shareholders and other entities of the Group.
These amounts are unsecured, interest free, have no fixed date of repayments and are payable on demand.

10 Called up share capital

Authorised
2024
No. £
Ordinary Shares of £1 each 1 1
Allotted, called up and fully paid shares
2024
No. £
Ordinary Shares of £1 each 1 1

The shares have the rights and restrictions as set out in the Articles of Association of the Company.
11 Parent and ultimate parent undertaking

The Company's immediate and ultimate parent is Bridgepoint Group plc, incorporated in England and Wales, United Kingdom. The
address of Bridgepoint Group plc's registered office is 5 Marble Arch, London, W1H 7EJ.

The parent of the largest and smallest group in which these financial statements are consolidated is Bridgepoint Group ple, incorporated
in England and Wales, United Kingdom. The address of the registered office of Bridgepoint Group plc is 5 Marble Arch, London, W1H
TEI.

The financial statements of Bridgepoint Group ple are available from Companies House, Crown Way, Cardiff, CF14 3UZ.

12 Events after the end of the reporting period

There have been no material events after the reporting period that would require adjusting or disclosing within these accounts.

Page 13
