

===== page 1 =====
Registration number: OC438202

Bridgepoint Europe VII GP LLP
MEMBERS' REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023

wT

16/07/2024 #137
COMPANIES HOUSE

>)

TUESDAY



===== page 2 =====
Bridgepoint Europe VII GP LLP
Members' Report and Statement of Members’ Responsi

ities

The Designated Members present their annual report and the audited financial statements (the “financial statements") for Bridgepoint ~
Europe VII GP LLP (the "Partnership") for the year ended 31 December 2023.

Principal activity
The Partnership is a UK Limited Liability Partnership that was incorporated on 6 July 2021. The Partnership acts as a General Partner of
the Bridgepoint Europe VII limited partnerships (the "Limited Partnerships").

Future developments

‘The Members do not anticipate any change in the business of the Parmership.

Results and distributions

The results for the year are shown on page 6.

No distribution was proposed by the Members for the period ended 31 December 2023 (2022: nil).

Members
‘The Members and Designated Members of the Partnership at 31 December 2023 who were in office during the financial period and up to
the date of signing the financial statements were:

Capital Contribution Date of Appointment
Bridgepoint Europe (SGP) Lid €99.9 06/07/21
Bridgepoint Europe VII GP 2 Limited €0.10 06/07/21

Members' capital
Under the terms of the Members’ Agreement none of the Members are entitled to interest on their share of the capital. Members’ capital
is repayable upon leaving the Partnership.

Members' profits and losses

Profits of the Partnership for cach accounting period shall be allocated to the Members in a manner which is consistent with their
entitlement to distribution of profits. Profits in any accounting period shall be distributed, if approved by a Members’ Approval, on an
annual basis to the Members in such proportion as may be detcrmined by the Remuneration Adjudicator (Bridgepoint Group Holdings
Limited). Amounts allocated to one or more Members and available for distribution shall be distributed as soon as reasonably

Statement of Members’ Responsibilities for the Year Ended 31 December 2023
The Designated Members are responsible for preparing the Annual Report and the Financial Statements in accordance with applicable

Company law, as applied to limited liability partnerships by the Limited Liability Partnerships (Accounts and Audit) (Application of
Companies Act 2006) Regulations 2008 (the “Regulations”), requires the Designated Members to prepare financial statements for each
financial year. Under that law the Members have prepared the financial statements in accordance with United Kingdom Generally
Accepted Accounting Practice (United Kingdom Accounting Standards, comprising FRS 102 “The Financial Reporting Standard
applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland”, and applicable law). Under company law, as applied to limited liability partnerships, the
Designated Members must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of
affairs of the limited liability partnership and of the profit or loss of the limited liability partnership for that period. In preparing the
financial statements, the Designated Members are required to:

+ select suitable accounting policies and apply them consistently;
+ make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

+ state whether applicable UK Accounting Standards, comprising FRS 102, have been followed, subject to any material departures
+ prepare the financial statements on a going concern basis unless they either intend to liquidate the Partnership or to

cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Page 1


===== page 3 =====
Bridgepoint Europe VII GP LLP
Members' Report and Statement of Members' Responsibilities

Statement of Members’ Responsibilities for the Year Ended 31 December 2023 (continued)

The Designated Members are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the limited
liability partnership's transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the limited liability
partnership and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006 as applied to limited liability
partnerships by the Regulations.

The Designated Members are also responsible for safeguarding the assets of the limited liability partnership and hence for taking
reasonable steps for the prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities,

Disclosure of information to the auditor

Each Designated Member at the time when the Members’ Report is approved has confirmed that:

+ so far asthe Designated Member is aware, there is no relevant audit information needed by the Partnership’s auditor in
connection with preparing their report of which the Partnership's auditor is unaware; and
+ the Designated Member has taken all the steps that ought to have been taken as a Designated Member to make themselves aware

of any relevant audi

information and to establish that the Partnership's auditor is aware of that information.
Post balance sheet events
There had been no material events after the reporting period that would require adjusting or disclosing within these accounts.

Reappointment of auditor

Pursuant to Section 487 of the Companies Act 2006, the auditors will be deemed to be reappointed and Forvis Mazars LLP will
therefore continue in office.

Approved by the Designated Memebers and signed on their behalf on 8 July 2024 by:

Whe

AM Jones
Director
For and on behalf of the Designated Members

Page 2


===== page 4 =====
Bridgepoint Europe VII GP LLP
Independent auditor’s report to the members of Bridgepoint Europe VI] GP LLP

Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of Bridgepoint Europe VII GP LLP (the ‘LLP’) for the year ended 31
December 2023 which comprise the Profit and Loss Account, the Statement of Comprehensive Income, the
Balance Sheet, the Statement of Changes in Equity and notes to the financial statements, including a summary
of significant accounting policies.

The financial reporting framework that has been applied in their preparation is applicable law and United
Kingdom Accounting Standards, including FRS 102 “The Financial Reporting Standard applicable in the UK
and Republic of Ireland” (United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice).

In our opinion, the financial statements:

© give a true and fair view of the state of the LLP’s affairs as at 31 December 2023 and of its results for the
year then ended;

* have been properly prepared in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting
Practice; and

© have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006, as applied to limited
liability partnerships.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and
applicable law. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the “Auditor’s responsibilities
for the audit of the financial statements” section of our report. We are independent of the LLP in accordance
with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in the UK, including the
FRC’s Ethical Standard, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these
requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a
basis for our opinion.

Conclusions relating to going concern

In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the members’ use of the going concem basis of
accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is appropriate.

Based on the work we have performed, we have not identified any material uncertainties relating to events or
conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the LLP's ability to continue as a
going concern for a period of at least twelve months from when the financial statements are authorised for issue.

Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the members with respect to going concem are described in the

relevant sections of this report.
Other information

The members are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the members’ report, other than the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon. Our opinion
‘on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance
conclusion thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is
materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears
to be materially misstated. If we identify such material inconsistencies or apparent material misstatements, we
are required to determine whether this gives rise to a material misstatement in the financial statements
themselves. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
other information, we are required to report that fact.

We have nothing to report in this regard.

Page 3


===== page 5 =====
Bridgepoint Europe VII GP LLP
Independent auditor’s report to the members of Bridgepoint Europe VII GP LLP (continued)

Matters on which we are required to report by exception

We have nothing to report in respect of the following matters in relation to which the Companies Act 2006 as
applied to limited liability partnerships requires us to report to you if, in our opinion:

© adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received
from branches not visited by us; or

«the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and retums; or

© we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit.

Responsibilities of Members

As explained more fully in the Statement of Members’ Responsibilities set out on pages 1 and 2, the members
are responsible for the preparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and
fair view, and for such internal control as the members determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, the members are responsible for assessing the LLP’s ability to continue as
a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis
of accounting unless the members either intend to liquidate the LLP or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial statements.

The extent to which our procedures are capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud is detailed below.

Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations. We design procedures
in line with our responsibilities, outlined above, to detect material misstatements in respect of irregularities,
including fraud.

Based on our understanding of the LLP and its industry, we considered that non-compliance with the following
laws and regulations might have a material effect on the financial statements: the Companies Act 2006, as
applied to limited liability partnerships.

To help us identify instances of non-compliance with these laws and regulations, and in identifying and assessing
the risks of material misstatement in respect to non-compliance, our procedures included, but were not limited
to:

© Inquiring of the members as to whether the LLP is in compliance with laws and regulations, and discussing
their policies and procedures regarding compliance with laws and regulations;

e Inspecting correspondence, if any, with relevant licensing or regulatory authorities;

© Communicating identified laws and regulations to the engagement team and remaining alert to any
indications of non-compliance throughout our audit; and

© Considering the risk of acts by the LLP which were contrary to applicable laws and regulations, including
fraud.

Page 4


===== page 6 =====
Bridgepoint Europe VII GP LLP
Independent auditor’s report to the members of Bridgepoint Europe VII GP LLP (continued)

We also considered those laws and regulations that have a direct effect on the preparation of the financial
statements, such as the Companies Act 2006 as applied to limited liability partnerships.

In addition, we evaluated the members’ incentives and opportunities for fraudulent manipulation of the financial
statements, including the risk of management override of controls, and determined that the principal risks related
to manipulating accounting records and preparing fraudulent financial statements by overriding controls that
otherwise appear to be operating effectively. Due to the unpredictable way in which such override could occur,
there is a risk of material misstatement due to fraud.

Our audit procedures in relation to fraud included but were not limited to:

e Making enquiries of the members on whether they had knowledge of any actual, suspected or alleged fraud;

Gaining an understanding of the internal controls established to mitigate risks related to fraud;

e Discussing amongst the engagement team the risks of fraud; and

e Addressing the risks of fraud through management override of controls by performing journal entry testing.
There are inherent limitations in the audit procedures described above and the primary responsibility for the
prevention and detection of irregularities including fraud rests with management. As with any audit, there

remained a risk of non-detection of irregularities, as these may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
misrepresentations or the override of internal controls.

A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the Financial
Reporting Council’s website at www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms part of our
auditor’s report.

Use of the audit report

This report is made solely to the LLP’s members as a body in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the
Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the LLP’s members those
matters we are required to state to them in an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent
permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the LLP and the LLP’s
members as a body for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Diego ternandez.

Diego Fevrandez (Jul 8, 2024 13:24 GMT#1)
Diego Fernandez (Senior Statutory Auditor)
for and on behalf of Forvis Mazars LLP
Chartered Accountants and Statutory Auditor
30 Old Bailey, London, EC4M 7AU.

8 July 2024

Page 5


===== page 7 =====
Bridgepoint Europe VII GP LLP
Profit and Loss Account for the Year Endéd 31 December 2023

2023 2022
Note € €
Tumover 85,360,311 44,387,337
Profit for the financial year before Members’ remuneration and profit share 85,360,311 44,387,337
Members’ remuneration charged as an expense (85,360,311) (44,387,337)

Result for the financial ycar available for discretionary division among Members : -

The results above relate to continuing operations.

The notes on pages 10 to 13 form an integral part of these financial statements.

Page 6


===== page 8 =====
Bridgepoint Europe VII GP LLP
Statement of Comprehensive Income for the Year Ended 31 December 2023

2023 2022
Note € €

Result for the year available for discretionary division among Members -

Other comprehensive income

Total comprehensive result for the year available for
discretionary division among Members

The results above relate to continuing operations.

The notes on pages 10 to 13 form an integral part of these financial statements.

Page 7


===== page 9 =====
Bridgepoint Europe VII GP LLP

(Registration number: OC438202)
Balance Sheet as at 31-December 2023

2023 2022
Note € €
Current assets
Debtors: amounts falling due within one year 8 866,644 9,877,603
Net assets attributable to Members 866,644 9,877,603
Represented by:
Loans and other debts due to Members 866,544 9,877,503

Members’ other interests

Members’ capital classified as equity 9 100 100
866,644 9,877,603
Total Members’ interests

. Members’ capital classified as equity 100 100
Loans and other debts due to Members 866,544 9,877,503

866,644 9,877,603

The financial statements of Bridgepoint Europe VII GP LLP were approved and authorised by the Designated Members and signed on
their behalf on 8 July 2024 by:

Wes

AM Jones
Director
For and on behalf of the Designated Members

The notes on pages 10 to 13 form an integral part of these financial statements.

Page 8


===== page 10 =====
Bridgepoint Europe VII GP LLP
Statement of Changes in Equity for the Year Ended 31 December 2023

Members!
capital
(classified as Other
equity) reserves Total
€ € €
Members’ interest at 1 January 2022 ~ 100 - 100
Result for thé financial year available for discretionary division among
Members : ; -
Members’ interests at 31 December 2022 100 : 100
Members' interest at 1 January 2023 100 : 100
Result for the financial year available for discretionary division among
Members - : .
Members’ interests at 31 December 2023 100 : 100

The notes on pages 10 to 13 form an integral part of these financial statements

Page 9


===== page 11 =====
Bridgepoint Europe VII GP LLP
Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2023

1 General information

The Partnership is a limited liability partnership domiciled the United Kingdom. The country of its incorporation is England and Wales under the
Limited Liability Partnership Act 2000. The address of its registered office and principal place of business is 5 Marble Arch, London, WIH 7EJ.

2 Statement of compliance

The financial statements of the Partnership are prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006 as applied to Limited Liability Partnerships
and applicable accounting standards in the United Kingdom, including Financial Reporting Standard 102, “The Financial Reporting Standard
applicable in the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland” (“FRS 102”) and the requirements of the Statement of Recommended Practice
“Accounting by Limited Liability Partnerships” (“LLP SORP”) issued in December 2021.

3 Summary of significant accounting policies

The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these financial statements are set out below. These policies have been consistently
applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.

(a) Basis of preparation
The financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention and in accordance with the Companies Act 2006, as applied to
Limited Liability Partnerships. The financial statements have also been prepared in compliance with the LLP SORP. Applicable accounting
standards and policies in the United Kingdom are applied consistently.

(b) Going concern
The financial statements have been prepared on a going concem basis as the Designated Members have a reasonable expectation that the
Partnership has adequate resources to continue in operational existence for a period of at least 12 months from the date of signing the annual
report and financial statements having assessed the Partnership's business risks, financial position and resources.

Specifically, the Partnership has in place a long-term contract with the Limited Partnerships which gives it good visibility of income. The
expenses incurred by the Partnership are predictable due to the nature of operations, Amounts payable under the LLPA with fellow Group
companies are dependent and discretionary as applied to Limited Liability Partnerships. Taken in combination, the Designated Members are
satisfied that the Partnership is a going concem.

(©) Exemption for qualifying entities under FRS 102

FRS 102 allows a qualifying entity certain disclosure exemption, subject to certain conditions, which have been complied with, including
notification of, and no objection to, the use of exemptions by the Partnership's Members. The Partnership has taken advantage of the following

Cash flow Statement - The Partnership has taken advantage of the exemption, under FRS 102 paragraph 1.12 (b), from preparing a statement of
cash flows, on the basis that it is a qualifying entity and its ultimate parent company, Bridgepoint Group ple, includes the Partnership's cash flows
in its own consolidated financial statements.

Related Party Transactions - The Partnership has taken advantage, under FRS 102 paragraph 33.1, from the requirement to disclose related
party transactions within the group on the grounds that 100% of the voting rights are controlled within the Group. Transactions with the ultimate
parent company and other sharcholders of the Group are not exempt and are disclosed where applicable.

(a) Revenue recognition

The Partnership, as a General Partner to Limited Partnerships, does not receive a fee but participates in the profits of the Limited Partnerships
through a Priority Profit Share, The Priority Profit Share is recognised in line with Limited Liability Partnership Agreements ("LLPA") and
recorded as turnover through the Profit and Loss Account on an accruals basis.

(e) Expenses

Expenses relate to costs incurred by the Partnership in relation to the administration and business of the Partnership and are recognised through
the Profit and Loss Account on an accruals basis,

Page 10


===== page 12 =====
Bridgepoint Europe VU GP LLP
Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2023 (continued)

3 Summary of significant accounting p (continued)

() Member's remuneration and capital

Members’ rights to participate in the profits or losses, or assets of the Partnership are analysed between those that give rise to:
(i) Members’ remuneration

Non-discretionary amounts becoming due to Members in respect of participation rights in the profits of the Partnership for an accounting period
that give rise to liabilities are presented as an expense within the Profit and Loss Account (within the heading Members’ remuneration charged as
an expense).

Amounts becoming due to Members in respect of equity participation rights, following a discretionary division of profits, are debited directly to
equity in the accounting period in which the division occurs.

Members” capital
Initial capital contributions of each of the Members are amounts as set out in the LLPA. The Members shall contribute, in accordance with their
existing Capital Percentages, any further capital which the Members may determine is required for the purposes of the business.

No Member can withdraw or receive back any part of their principal capital contribution account except for in specific circumstances as detailed
in the LLPA. Members” capital is therefore classified as equity.

(g) Debtors

Short term debtors are measured at the transaction price, less any impairment. Loans receivable are measured initially at fair value, net of
transaction costs, and are measured subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less any impairment, except where
(h) Creditors

Short term creditors are measured at the transaction price. Other financial liabilities, are measured initially at fair value, net of transaction costs,
and are measured subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method, except where repayable on demand

(i) Foreign currency transactions and balances

These financial statements are presented in Euros, the Partnership's functional and presentational currency.

Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the opening spot exchange rate for the month in which the
transaction occurs as an approximate for the actual rate at the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
currencies are translated to Euro using the closing rate current at the year-end. Non-monetary items measured at historical cost are translated

using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction and non-monetary items measured at fair value are measured using the exchange rate when
fair value was determined,

Foreign currency gains and losses are recognised in the Profit and Loss Account.

4 Judgements in applying accounting policies and key sources of estimation uncertainty

In applying the Partnership's accounting policies, the Members may be required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that could impact
the amounts reported for assets and liabilities as at the reporting date and the amounts reported for revenues and expenses during the year. The
Members’ judgements, estimates and assumptions are based on the best and most reliable evidence available at the time when the decisions are
made, and are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be applicable. Due to the inherent subjectivity involved in
making such judgements, estimates and assumptions, the actual results and outcomes may differ.

The judgements, estimates and assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the year in
which the estimate is revised if, the revision affects only that year, the year of the revision and future years, or if the revision affects both current
and future years. The Members do not consider the financial statements to have any critical estimates or matters requiring significant judgement.

Page 11


===== page 13 =====
Bridgepoint Europe VII GP LLP
Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2023 (continued)

5 Operating result
Audit fees for the year are £5,954 (€6,847) (2022: £5,575 (€6,484)) and are borne by a fellow subsidiary undertaking.
6 Employees
The Partnership did not employ any personnel during the year (2022: none).
7 Taxation

The Partnership, as a transparent entity is not subject to pay UK income tax. Where relevant for UK tax purposes each Member is required to
report on its tax return its share of the income, gains, losses, deductions and credits of the Partnership. A Member is taxable on Partnership
income or gains whether or not any distribution of money or property is made to the Member during its fiscal year. It is possible that a Member's
income or tax liability related to transactions by the Partnership could exceed amounts distributed to the Member in a particular year.

8 Debtors
The following amounts are due in less than one year:
2023 2022
€ €
Amounts due from Limited Partnerships 51,091 782
Prepayments and accrued income 815,553 9,876,821
866,644 9,877,603

During the year, the Partnership recognised income from the Limited Partnerships of €85,360,311 (2022: €44,387,337). Amounts outstanding
at the year end are €866,644 (2022: €9,877,603).

9 Reconciliation of Members’ interests
Other amounts

Members’ other interests due to Members Total Members’ interest
Members’ Other
Capital Reserves 2023 2022
€ € € € €

Amounts due to Members at 31 December
2022 100 - 9,877,503 9,877,603 100
Members remuneration charged as an
expense : - 85,360,311 85,360,311 44,387,337
Profit for the financial year available for
discretionary division among Members 2
Members’ interests afier result for the year 100 . 95,237,814 95,237,914 44,387,437
Members’ drawings : (94,371,270) (94,371,270) (34,509,834)
Amounts due to Members at 31 December
2023 100 - 866,544 866,644 9,877,603

Members’ capital contribution is €100 (2022: €100). Allocation among members is shown in the Members’ Report.

No new members joined the Partnership during the year ended 31 December 2023 (2022: no new Members).

Page 12


===== page 14 =====
Bridgepoint Europe VII GP LLP
Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2023 (continued)

10 Ultimate parent undertaking

The Partnership's immediate parent is Bridgepoint Europe (SGP) Ltd, incorporated in Scotland. The address of Bridgepoint Europe (SGP)
Limited's registered office is 50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh, EH3 9W/.

‘The parent of the largest and smallest group in which these financial statements are consolidated is Bridgepoint Group ple, incorporated in
England and Wales, United Kingdom. The address of Bridgepoint Group ple's registered office is 5 Marble Arch, London, WIH 7EI.

The financial statements of Bridgepoint Group ple are available from Companies House, Crown Way, Cardiff, CF14 3UZ.
11 Events after the end of the reporting period

There have becn no material events after the reporting period that would require adjusting or disclosing within these accounts.

Page 13
