

===== page 1 =====
FILE COPY

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OFA
PRIVATE LIMITED COMPANY

Company Number 11524091

The Registrar of Companies for England and Wales, hereby certifies
that

BANKSIDE FINANCIAL SOLUTIONS CONSULTING LIMITED
is this day incorporated under the Companies Act 2006 as a private
company, that the company is limited by shares, and the situation of its

registered office is in England and Wales

Given at Companies House, Cardiff, on 17th August 2018

*N11524091A *

THE OFFICIAL SEAL OF THE

Com pan ies House REGISTRAR OF COMPANIES

The above information was communicated by electronic means and authenticated
by the Registrar of Companies under section 1115 of the Companies Act 2006


===== page 2 =====
Bia

Companies House INO 1 (ef)

Application to register a company

Received for filing in Electronic Format on the: 16/08/2018 X7CGHIOM

Company Name in BANKSIDE FINANCIAL SOLUTIONS CONSULTING LIMITED
full:

Company Type: Private company limited by shares

Situation of England and Wales

Registered Office:

Proposed Registered 130 OLD STREET

Office Address: LONDON

ENGLAND EC1V 9BD

Stic Codes: 70221

Electronically filed document for Company Number: 11524091


===== page 3 =====
Proposed Officers

Company Director vi

Type: Person
Full Forename(s): MR ROBERT JOSEPH
Surname: SURRIDGE
Service Address: 130 OLD STREET
LONDON
ENGLAND EC1V 9BD
Country/State Usually ENGLAND
Resident:
Date of Birth: —**/11/1978 Nationality: BRITISH

Occupation: - COMPANY
DIRECTOR

The subscribers confirm that the person named has consented to act as a director.

Electronically filed document for Company Number: 11524091


===== page 4 =====
Company Director 2

Type: Person
Full Forenanne(s): MR PAUL JAMES
Surname: CARDOSI
Service Address: 130 OLD STREET
LONDON
ENGLAND EC1V 9BD
Country/State Usually ENGLAND
Resident:
Date of Birth: **/11/1971 Nationality: | BRITISH

Occupation: COMPANY
DIRECTOR

The subscribers confirm that the person named has consented to act as a director.

Electronically filed document for Company Number: 11524091


===== page 5 =====
Statement of Capital (Share Capital)

Class of Shares: ORDINARY Number allotted 100
Currency: GBP Aggregate nominal value: 100

Prescribed particulars

FULL RIGHTS TO RECEIVE NOTICE OF, AND ATTEND VOTE AT GENERAL MEETINGS.
ONE SHARE CARRIES ONE VOTE, AND FULL RIGHTS TO DIVIDENDS AND CAPITAL
DISTRIBUTIONS (INCLUDING UPON WINDING UP).

Statement of Capital (Totals)

Currency: GBP Total number of shares: 100
Total aggregate nominal value: 100
Total aggregate unpaid: 0

Electronically filed document for Company Number: 11524091


===== page 6 =====
Initial Shareholdings

Name:

Address

Name:

Address

ROBERT SURRIDGE

130 OLD STREET
LONDON
ENGLAND

EC1V 9BD

PAUL CARDOSI

130 OLD STREET
LONDON
ENGLAND

EC1V 9BD

Class of Shares:

Number of shares:
Currency:

Nominal value of each
share:

Amount unpaid:
Amount paid:

Class of Shares:

Number of shares:
Currency:

Nominal value of each
share:

Amount unpaid:
Amount paid:

ORDINARY

50
GBP

ORDINARY

50
GBP
1

0
1

Electronically filed document for Company Number:

11524091


===== page 7 =====
Persons with Significant Control (PSC)

Statement of initial significant control

On incorporation, there will be someone who will count as a Person with Significant Control (either a
registerable person or relevant legal entity (RLE)) in relation to the company

Electronically filed document for Company Number: 11524091


===== page 8 =====
Individual Person with Significant Control details

Names: MR ROBERT JOSEPH SURRIDGE
Country/State Usually ENGLAND
Resident:
Date of Birth: **/11/1978 Nationality: | BRITISH
Service Address: 130 OLD STREET

LONDON

ENGLAND

ECIV 9BD

The subscribers confirm that each person named as an individual PSC in this application knows that their
particulars are being supplied as part of this application.

Electronically filed document for Company Number: 11524091


===== page 9 =====
Nature of control The person has the right to exercise, or actually exercises,
significant influence or control over the company.

Electronically filed document for Company Number: 11524091


===== page 10 =====
Individual Person with Significant Control details

Names: MR PAUL JAMES CARDOSI
Country/State Usually ENGLAND
Resident:
Date of Birth: **/11/1971 Nationality: | BRITISH
Service Address: 130 OLD STREET

LONDON

ENGLAND

ECIV 9BD

The subscribers confirm that each person named as an individual PSC in this application knows that their
particulars are being supplied as part of this application.

Electronically filed document for Company Number: 11524091


===== page 11 =====
Nature of control The person has the right to exercise, or actually exercises,
significant influence or control over the company.

Electronically filed document for Company Number: 11524091


===== page 12 =====
Statement of Compliance

I confirm the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 as to registration have been complied with.

memorandum delivered by an agent for the subscriber(s): YES
Agent's Name: THEFORMATIONSCOMPANY.COM LIMITED
Agent's Address: FIRST FLOOR 130 OLD STREET

LONDON

ENGLAND

EC1V 9BD

Authorisation

Authoriser Designation: agent Authenticated YES
Agent's Name: THEFORMATIONSCOMPANY.COM LIMITED
Agent's Address: FIRST FLOOR 130 OLD STREET

LONDON

ENGLAND

EC1V 9BD

Electronically filed document for Company Number: 11524091


===== page 13 =====
P.1

THE COMPANIES ACT 2006
PRIVATE COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES
MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION
OF

BANKSIDE FINANCIAL SOLUTIONS CONSULTING LIMITED

Each subscriber to this memorandum of association wishes to form a company under the
Companies Act 2006 and agrees to become a member of the Company and to take at least one
share.

Name of each subscriber Authentication by each subscriber

Robert Surridge
Paul Cardosi

Dated 2018-08-16


===== page 14 =====
THE COMPANIES ACT 2006

PRIVATE COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES

ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

OF

BANKSIDE FINANCIAL SOLUTIONS CONSULTING LIMITED

Defined terms

PART 1

The regulations contained in the Model Articles for Private Companies Limited by Shares set
out in Schedule 1 of The Companies (Model Articles) Regulations 2008 (SI 3229/2008), shall
not apply to the Company.

In the articles, unless

"the 2006 Act”
"articles"
"bankruptcy"

"chairman"
"chairman of the
meeting”
"Companies Acts"

"director"

"distribution recipient”
"document"

“electronic form”
"fully paid"

"hard copy form"
“holder”

“instrument”
"ordinary resolution”
"paid"

"participate"

"proxy notice"

the context requires otherwise:

means the Companies Act 2006;

means the Company's articles of association;

includes individual insolvency proceedings in a jurisdiction other than
England and Wales or Northern Ireland which have an effect similar
to that of bankruptcy;

has the meaning given in article 12;

has the meaning given in article 39;

means the Companies Acts (as defined in section 2 of the
Companies Act 2006), in so far as they apply to the Company;
means a director of the Company, and includes any person
occupying the position of director, by whatever name called;

has the meaning given in article 31;

includes, unless otherwise specified, any document sent or supplied
in electronic form;

has the meaning given in section 1168 of the 2006 Act;

in relation to a share, means that the nominal value and any premium
to be paid to the Company in respect of that share have been paid to
the Company;

has the meaning given in section 1168 of the 2006 Act;

in relation to shares means the person whose name is entered in the
register of members as the holder of the shares;

means a document in hard copy form;

has the meaning given in section 282 of the 2006 Act;

means paid or credited as paid;

in relation to a directors' meeting, has the meaning given in article 10;
has the meaning given in article 45;


===== page 15 =====
"shareholder" means a person who is the holder of a share;

"shares" means shares in the Company;

"special resolution" has the meaning given in section 283 of the 2006 Act;

"subsidiary" has the meaning given in section 1159 of the 2006 Act;

"transmittee” means a person entitled to a share by reason of the death or
bankruptcy of a shareholder or otherwise by operation of law; and

“writing” means the representation or reproduction of words, symbols or other

information in a visible form by any method or combination of
methods, whether sent or supplied in electronic form or otherwise.

Unless the context otherwise requires, other words or expressions contained in these articles
bear the same meaning as in the 2006 Act as in force on the date when these articles
become binding on the Company.

Directors’ general

authority

The liability of the shareholders is limited to the amount, if any, unpaid on the shares held by
them.

PART 2
DIRECTORS
DIRECTORS’ POWERS AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Directors' general

authority

Subject to the articles, the directors are responsible for the management of the Company's
business, for which purpose they may exercise all the powers of the Company.

Shareholders’

reserve power

The shareholders may, by special resolution, direct the directors to take, or refrain from
taking, specified action.

No such special resolution invalidates anything which the directors have done before the
passing of the resolution.

Directors may

delegate

Subject to the articles, the directors may delegate any of the powers which are conferred on
them under the articles:


===== page 16 =====
(1)

(2)

&

to such person or committee;

(

(b) by such means (including by power of attorney);
(c) to such an extent;

(d) in relation to such matters or territories; and

(e) on such terms and conditions;

as they think fit.
If the directors so specify, any such delegation may authorise further delegation of the
directors' powers by any person to whom they are delegated.
The directors may revoke any delegation in whole or part, or alter its terms and conditions.

Committees

Committees to which the directors delegate any of their powers must follow procedures
which are based as far as they are applicable on those provisions of the articles which
govern the taking of decisions by directors. The directors may make rules of procedure for all
or any committees, which prevail over rules derived from the articles if they are not
consistent with them.

DECISION-MAKING BY DIRECTORS

Directors to take

decisions collectively

The general rule about decision-making by directors is that any decision of the directors must
be either a majority decision at a meeting or a decision taken in accordance with article 8.

If:

(a) the Company only has one director, and

(b) no provision of the articles requires it to have more than one director,

the general rule does not apply, and the director may, subject to articles 8(3) and 15 take
decisions without regard to any other of the provisions of the articles relating to directors’
decision-making.

Unanimous

decisions

A decision of the directors is taken in accordance with this article when all eligible directors
indicate to each other by any means that they share a common view on a matter.

Such a decision may take the form of a resolution in writing, copies of which have been
signed by each eligible director or to which each eligible director has otherwise indicated
agreement in writing.

References in this article to eligible directors are to directors who would have been entitled to
vote on the matter had it been proposed as a resolution at a directors’ meeting.

A decision may not be taken in accordance with this article if the eligible directors would not
have formed a quorum at such a meeting.

Calling a directors’
meeting


===== page 17 =====
(3)
(4)

10

(2)

(3)

12

BBS

Any director may call a directors' meeting by giving notice of the meeting to the directors or

by authorising the Company secretary (if any) to give such notice.

Notice of any directors’ meeting must indicate:

(a) _ its proposed date and time;

(b) where itis to take place; and

(c) _ if itis anticipated that directors participating in the meeting will not be in the same
place, how it is proposed that they should communicate with each other during the
meeting.

Notice of a directors' meeting must be given to each director, but need not be in writing.

Notice of a directors' meeting need not be given to directors who waive their entitlement to

notice of that meeting, by giving notice to that effect to the Company not more than 7 days

after the date on which the meeting is held. Where such notice is given after the meeting has

been held, that does not affect the validity of the meeting, or of any business conducted at it.

Participation in

directors' meetings

Subject to the articles, directors participate in a directors' meeting, or part of a directors'

meeting, when:

(a) the meeting has been called and takes place in accordance with the articles, and

(b) they can each communicate to the others any information or opinions they have on any
particular item of the business of the meeting.

In determining whether directors are participating in a directors' meeting, it is irrelevant

where any director is or how they communicate with each other.

If all the directors participating in a meeting are not in the same place, they may decide that

the meeting is to be treated as taking place wherever any of them is.

Quorum for

directors' meetings

Ata directors' meeting, unless a quorum is participating, no proposal is to be voted on,
except a proposal to call another meeting.

The quorum for directors' meetings may be fixed from time to time by a decision of the
directors, but it must never be less than two unless there is just a sole director in office, and
unless otherwise fixed it is two.

If the total number of directors for the time being is less than the quorum required, the
directors must not take any decision other than a decision:

(a) to appoint further directors, or

(b) to call a general meeting so as to enable the shareholders to appoint further directors.

Chairing of directors'

meetings

The directors may appoint a director to chair their meetings.

The person so appointed for the time being is known as the chairman.
The directors may terminate the chairman's appointment at any time.


===== page 18 =====
13

14
(1)

(4)

If the chairman is not participating in a directors' meeting within ten minutes of the time at
which it was to start, the participating directors must appoint one of themselves to chair it.

Casting vote
The chairman or other director chairing the meeting shall not, if the numbers of votes for and
against a proposal are equal, have a second or casting vote.

Conflicts of interest

If a proposed decision of the directors is concerned with an actual or proposed transaction or

arrangement with the Company in which a director is interested, that director is not to be

counted as participating in the decision-making process for quorum or voting purposes.

But if paragraph (3) applies, a director who is interested in an actual or proposed transaction

or arrangement with the Company is to be counted as participating in the decision-making

process for quorum and voting purposes.

(a) the Company by ordinary resolution disapplies the provision of the articles which would
otherwise prevent a director from being counted as participating in the decision-making
process;

(b) the director's interest cannot reasonably be regarded as likely to give rise to a conflict
of interest; or

(c) the director's conflict of interest arises from a permitted cause.

For the purposes of this article, the following are permitted causes:

(a) a guarantee given, or to be given, by or to a director in respect of an obligation incurred
by or on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries;

(b) subscription, or an agreement to subscribe, for shares or other securities of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries, or to underwrite, sub-underwrite, or guarantee
subscription for any such shares or securities; and

(c) arrangements pursuant to which benefits are made available to employees and
directors or former employees and directors of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
which do not provide special benefits for directors or former directors.

For the purposes of this article, references to proposed decisions and decision-making

processes include any directors' meeting or part of a directors' meeting.

Subject to paragraph (7), if a question arises at a meeting of directors or of a committee of

directors as to the right of a director to participate in the meeting (or part of the meeting) for

voting or quorum purposes, the question may, before the conclusion of the meeting, be
referred to the chairman whose ruling in relation to any director other than the chairman is to
be final and conclusive.

If any question as to the right to participate in the meeting (or part of the meeting) should

arise in respect of the chairman, the question is to be decided by a decision of the directors

at that meeting, for which purpose the chairman is not to be counted as participating in the
meeting (or that part of the meeting) for voting or quorum purposes.

Where the number of non-conflicted directors is less than the quorum for the purposes of

approving a resolution authorising any situation or transaction constituting a conflict as

anticipated by the Companies Acts, the quorum shall be all the disinterested directors.


===== page 19 =====
15

16

When all the directors of the Company are conflicted, the Company shall pass the conflict to
the Company's shareholders for approval by ordinary resolution.

Records of decisions to be kept

The directors must ensure that the Company keeps a record, in writing, for at least 10 years
from the date of the decision recorded of every unanimous or majority decision taken by the
directors.

Directors’ discretion to make further rules
Subject to the articles, the directors may make any rule which they think fit about how they
take decisions, and about how such rules are to be recorded or communicated to directors.

NUMBER AND APPOINTMENT OF DIRECTORS

Methods of appointing directors

There shall be no maximum number of directors and the minimum number of directors shall
be one. Whenever the Company has two or more directors, at least one of them shall be a
natural person

Any person 16 years of age or more and who is willing to act as a director, and is permitted
by law to do so, may be appointed to be a director:

(a) by ordinary resolution; or

(b) by adecision of the directors,

In any case where, as a result of death, the Company has no shareholders and no directors,
the personal representatives of the last shareholder to have died have the right, by notice in
writing, to appoint a person to be a director.

For the purposes of paragraph (3), where 2 or more shareholders die in circumstances
rendering it uncertain who was the last to die, a younger shareholder is deemed to have
survived an older shareholder.

Termination of director's appointment

A person ceases to be a director as soon as:

(a) that person ceases to be a director by virtue of any provision of the Companies Acts or
is prohibited from being a director by law;

(b) a bankruptcy order is made against that person;

(c) acomposition is made with that person's creditors generally in satisfaction of that
person's debts;

(d) a registered medical practitioner who is treating that person gives a written opinion to
the Company stating that that person has become physically or mentally incapable of
acting as a director and may remain so for more than three months;

(e) notification is received by the Company from the director that the director is resigning
from office, and such resignation has taken effect in accordance with its terms;

(f) he shall for more than six consecutive months have been absent without permission of
the directors from meetings of directors held during that period and the directors
resolve that his office be vacated.


===== page 20 =====
(4)
6)

20

23

Directors’ remuneration

Directors may undertake any services for the Company that the directors decide.

Directors are entitled to such remuneration as the directors determine:

(a) for their services to the Company as directors, and

(b) for any other service which they undertake for the Company.

Subject to the articles, a director's remuneration may:

(a) take any form, and

(b) include any arrangements in connection with the payment of a pension, allowance or
gratuity, or any death, sickness or disability benefits, to or in respect of that director.

Unless the directors decide otherwise, directors' remuneration accrues from day to day.

Unless the directors decide otherwise, directors are not accountable to the Company for any

remuneration which they receive as directors or other officers or employees of the

Company's subsidiaries or of any other body corporate in which the Company is interested.

Directors’ expenses

The Company may pay any reasonable expenses which the directors properly incur in

connection with their attendance at:

(a) meetings of directors or committees of directors;

(b) general meetings, or

(c) separate meetings of the holders of any class of shares or of debentures of the
Company, or otherwise in connection with the exercise of their powers and the
discharge of their responsibilities in relation to the Company.

PART 3
SHARES AND DISTRIBUTIONS
SHARES

All shares to be fully paid up

No share is to be issued for less than the aggregate of its nominal value and any premium to
be paid to the Company in consideration for its issue.

This does not apply to shares taken on the formation of the Company by the subscribers to
the Company's memorandum.

Powers to issue different classes of share

Subject to the articles, but without prejudice to the rights attached to any existing share, the
Company may issue shares with such rights or restrictions as may be determined by
ordinary resolution.

The Gompany may issue shares which are to be redeemed, or are liable to be redeemed at
the option of the Company or the holder, and the directors may determine the terms,
conditions and manner of redemption of any such shares.

Company not bound by less than absolute interests


===== page 21 =====
24

(2)

GES

25
(1)

26
(1)

Except as required by law, no person is to be recognised by the Company as holding any
share upon any trust, and except as otherwise required by law or the articles, the Company
is not in any way to be bound by or recognise any interest in a share other than the holder's
absolute ownership of it and all the rights attaching to it.

Share certificates

The Company must issue each shareholder, free of charge, with one or more certificates in
respect of the shares which that shareholder holds.

Every certificate must specify:

(a) in respect of how many shares, of what class, itis issued;

(b) the nominal value of those shares;

(c) that the shares are fully paid; and

(d) any distinguishing numbers assigned to them.

No certificate may be issued in respect of shares of more than one class.

If more than one person holds a share: only one certificate may be issued in respect of it.
Certificates must:

(a) have affixed to them the Company's common seal, or

(b) be otherwise executed in accordance with the Companies Acts.

Replacement share certificates

If a certificate issued in respect of a shareholder's shares is:
(a) damaged or defaced; or

(b) said to be lost, stolen or destroyed,

A shareholder exercising the right to be issued with such a replacement certificate:

(a) may at the same time exercise the right to be issued with a single certificate or
separate certificates;

(b) must return the certificate which is to be replaced to the Company if it is damaged or
defaced and

(c) must comply with such conditions as to evidence, indemnity and the payment of a
reasonable fee as the directors decide.

Share transfers

Shares may be transferred by means of an instrument of transfer in any usual form or any
other form approved by the directors, which is executed by or on behalf of the transferor.
No fee may be charged for registering any instrument of transfer or other document relating
to or affecting the title to any share.

The Gompany may retain any instrument of transfer which is registered.

The transferor remains the holder of a share until the transferee's name is entered in the
register of members as holder of it.

The directors may refuse to register the transfer of a share, and if they do so, the instrument
of transfer must be returned to the transferee with the notice of refusal unless they suspect
that the proposed transfer may be fraudulent.


===== page 22 =====
P.10

(3)

29

30

(2)

Transmission of shares

If title to a share passes to a transmittee, the Company may only recognise the transmittee

as having any title to that share.

A transmittee who produces such evidence of entitlement to shares as the directors may

properly require:

(a) may, subject to the articles, choose either to become the holder of those shares or to
have them transferred to another person, and

(b) subject to the articles, and pending any transfer of the shares to another person, has
the same rights as the holder had.

But transmittees do not have the right to attend or vote at a general meeting, or agree toa

proposed written resolution, in respect of shares to which they are entitled, by reason of the

holder's death or bankruptcy or otherwise, unless they become the holders of those shares.

Exercise of transmitees' rights

Transmittees who wish to become the holders of shares to which they have become entitled
must notify the Company in writing of that wish.

If the transmittee wishes to have a share transferred to another person, the transmittee must
execute an instrument of transfer in respect of it.

Any transfer made or executed under this article is to be treated as if it were made or
executed by the person from whom the transmittee has derived rights in respect of the share,
and as if the event which gave rise to the transmission had not occurred.

Transmitees bound by prior notices

If a notice is given to a shareholder in respect of shares and a transmittee is entitled to those
shares, the transmittee is bound by the notice if it was given to the shareholder before the
transmittee's name has been entered in the register of members.

DIVIDENDS AND OTHER DISTRIBUTIONS

Procedure for declaring dividends

The Company may, by ordinary resolution declare dividends, and the directors may decide to
pay interim dividends but a dividend must not be declared unless the directors have made a
recommendation as to its amount. Such a dividend must not exceed the amount
recommended by the directors and no dividend may be declared or paid unless it is in
accordance with shareholders’ respective rights.

Unless:

(a) the shareholders’ resolution to declare; or

(b) directors’ decision to pay a dividend; or

(c) the terms on which shares are issued, specify otherwise,

it must be paid by reference to each shareholder's holding of shares on the date of the
resolution or decision to declare or pay it.

If the Company's share capital is divided into different classes, no interim dividend may be
paid on shares carrying deferred or non-preferred rights if, at the time of payment, any
preferential dividend is in arrear.


===== page 23 =====
(4)

(5)

31

32

33

(2)

34

The directors may pay at intervals any dividend payable at a fixed rate if it appears to them
that the profits available for distribution justify the payment.

If the directors act in good faith, they do not incur any liability to the holders of shares
conferring preferred rights for any loss they may suffer by the lawful payment of an interim
dividend on shares with deferred or non-preferred rights.

Payment of dividends and other distributions

Where a dividend or other sum which is a distribution is payable in respect of a share, it must

be paid by one or more of the following means:

(a) transfer to a bank or building society account specified by the distribution recipient in
writing; or

(b) sending a cheque, payable to the distribution recipient, by post to the distribution
recipient at his registered address (if the distribution recipient is a holder of the share),
or (in any other case) to an address specified by the distribution recipient either in
writing or as the directors may otherwise decide; or

(c) any other means of payment as the directors agree with the distribution recipient either
in writing or by such other means as the directors decide.

In the articles, “the distribution recipient" means, in respect of a share in respect of which a

dividend or other sum is payable:

(a) the holder of the share; or

(b) if the share has two or more joint holders, whichever of them is named first in the
register of members; or

(c) if the holder is no longer entitled to the share by reason of death or bankruptcy, or
otherwise by operation of law, the transmittee.

No interest on distributions

The Company may not pay interest on any dividend or other sum payable in respect of a
share unless otherwise provided by the terms on which the share was issued, or the
provisions of another agreement between the holder of that share and the Company.

Unclaimed distributions

All dividends or other sums which are payable in respect of shares and unclaimed after

having been declared or become payable, may be invested or otherwise made use of by the

directors for the benefit of the Company until claimed.

The payment of any such dividend or other sum into a separate account does not make the

Company a trustee in respect of it and if

(a) twelve years have passed from the date on which a dividend or other sum became due
for payment; and

(b) the distribution recipient has not claimed it,

the distribution recipient is no longer entitled to that dividend or other sum and it ceases to

remain owing by the Company.

Non-cash distributions


===== page 24 =====
P.12

35

36

Subject to the terms of issue of the share in question, the Company may, by ordinary

resolution on the recommendation of the directors, decide to pay all or part of a dividend or

other distribution payable in respect of a share by transferring non-cash assets of equivalent

value (including, without limitation, shares or other securities in any company).

For the purposes of paying a non-cash distribution, the directors may make whatever

arrangements they think fit, including, where any difficulty arises regarding the distribution:

(a) _ fixing the value of any assets;

(b) paying cash to any distribution recipient on the basis of that value in order to adjust the
rights of recipients; and

(c) vesting any assets in trustees.

Waiver of distributions

Distribution recipients may waive their entitlement to a dividend or other distribution payable

in respect of a share by giving the Company notice in writing to that effect, but if:

(a) the share has more than one holder, or

(b) more than one person is entitled to the share, whether by reason of the death or
bankruptcy of one or more joint holders, or otherwise,

the notice is not effective unless it is expressed to be given, and signed, by all the holders or

persons otherwise entitled to the share.

CAPITALISATION OF PROFITS

Authority to capitalise and appropriation of capitalised sums

The directors may, if they are so authorised by an ordinary resolution:

(a) decide to capitalise any profits of the Company (whether or not they are available for
distribution) which are not required for paying a preferential dividend, or any sum
standing to the credit of the Company's share premium account or capital redemption
reserve; and

(b) appropriate any sum which they so decide to capitalise (a "capitalised sum") to the
persons who would have been entitled to it if it were distributed by way of dividend (the
"persons entitled") and in the same proportions.

Capitalised sums must be applied:

(a) on behalf of the persons entitled, and

(b) inthe same proportions as a dividend would have been distributed to them.

Any capitalised sum may be applied in paying up new shares of a nominal amount equal to

the capitalised sum which are then allotted credited as fully paid to the persons entitled or as

they may direct.

A capitalised sum which was appropriated from profits available for distribution may be

applied in paying up new debentures of the Company which are then allotted credited as fully

paid to the persons entitled or as they may direct.

Subject to the articles the directors may:


===== page 25 =====
P.13

38

(a) apply capitalised sums in accordance with paragraphs (3) and (4) above partly in one
way and partly in another;

(b) make such arrangements as they think fit to deal with shares or debentures becoming
distributable in fractions under this article (including the issuing of fractional certificates
or the making of cash payments); and

(c) authorise any person to enter into an agreement with the Company on behalf of all the
persons entitled which is binding on them in respect of the allotment of shares and
debentures to them under this article.

PART 4
DECISION-MAKING BY SHAREHOLDERS
ORGANISATION OF GENERAL MEETINGS

Attendance and speaking at general meetings

A person is able to exercise the right to speak at a general meeting when that person is ina

position to communicate to all those attending the meeting, during the meeting, any

information or opinions which that person has on the business of the meeting.

A person is able to exercise the right to vote at a general meeting when:

(a) _ that person is able to vote, during the meeting, all resolutions put to the vote at the
meeting, and

(b) that person's vote can be taken into account in determining whether or not such
resolutions are passed at the same time as the votes of all the other persons attending
the meeting.

The directors may make whatever arrangements they consider appropriate to enable those

attending a general meeting to exercise their rights to speak or vote at it.

In determining attendance at a general meeting, it is immaterial whether any two or more

shareholders attending it are in the same place as each other.

Two or more persons who are not in the same place as each other attend a general meeting

if their circumstances are such that if they have (or were to have) rights to speak and vote at

that meeting, they are (or would be) able to exercise them.

Quorum for general meetings

The quorum for a general meeting shall be determined according to section 318 of the 2006
Act and no business other than the appointment of the chairman of the meeting is to be
transacted at a general meeting if the persons attending it do not constitute a quorum.

Chairing general meetings

If the directors have appointed a chairman, the chairman shall chair general meetings if
present and willing to do so.

If the directors have not appointed a chairman, or if the chairman is unwilling to chair the
meeting or is not present within ten minutes of the time at which a meeting was due to start:


===== page 26 =====
P.14

40
(1)
(2)

41

(4)

42

(a) the directors present, or

(b) (if no directors are present), the meeting, must appoint a director or shareholder to
chair the meeting, and the appointment of the chairman of the meeting must be the first
business of the meeting.

The person chairing a meeting in accordance with this article is referred to as "the chairman

of the meeting".

Attendance and speaking by directors and non-shareholders
Directors may attend and speak at general meetings, whether or not they are shareholders.
The chairman of the meeting may permit other persons who are not:
(a) shareholders of the Company, or
otherwise entitled to exercise the rights of shareholders in relation to general meetings,
to attend and speak at a general meeting.

Adjournment
If the persons attending a general meeting within half an hour of the time at which the
meeting was due to start do not constitute a quorum, or if during a meeting a quorum ceases
to be present, or if at any time during a quorate general meeting the meeting directs him to
do so, the chairman of the meeting must adjourn it and he may adjourn a general meeting at
which a quorum is present if:
(a) the meeting consents to an adjournment, or
(b) it appears to the chairman of the meeting that an adjournment is necessary to protect
the safety of any person attending the meeting or ensure that the business of the
meeting is conducted in an orderly manner.
When adjourning a general meeting, the chairman of the meeting must:
either specify the time and place to which it is adjourned or state that it is to continue at
(a) a time and place to be fixed by the directors; and
(b) have regard to any directions as to the time and place of any adjournment which have
been given by the meeting.
If the continuation of an adjourned meeting is to take place more than 14 days after it was
adjourned, the Company must give at least 7 clear days' notice of it (that is, excluding the
day of the adjourned meeting and the day on which the notice is given):
to the same persons to whom notice of the Company's general meetings is required to
(a) be given, and
(b) containing the same information which such notice is required to contain.
No business may be transacted at an adjourned general meeting which could not properly
have been transacted at the meeting if the adjournment had not taken place and if, at an
adjourned general meeting, a quorum is not present within half an hour from the time
appointed for the meeting, the shareholders present shall be a quorum.

VOTING AT GENERAL MEETINGS

Voting: general


===== page 27 =====
P.15

(3)

A resolution put to the vote of a general meeting must be decided on a show of hands unless
a poll is duly demanded and acted upon in accordance with these articles and sections 321
and 322 of the 2006 Act.

Errors and disputes

No objection may be raised to the qualification of any person voting at a general meeting
except at the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the vote objected to is tendered, and
every vote not disallowed at the meeting is valid.

Any such objection must be referred to the chairman of the meeting, whose decision is final.

Poll votes

A poll on a resolution may be demanded:

(a) in advance of the general meeting where it is to be put to the vote, or

(b) at a general meeting, either before a show of hands on that resolution or immediately
after the result of a show of hands on that resolution is declared.

A poll may be demanded by:

(a) the chairman of the meeting;

(b) the directors;

(c) two or more persons having the right to vote on the resolution; or

(d) a person or persons representing not less than one tenth of the total voting rights of all
the shareholders having the right to vote on the resolution.

A demand for a poll may be withdrawn if:

(a) the poll has not yet been taken, and

(b) the chairman of the meeting consents to the withdrawal.

Polls must be taken immediately and in such manner as the chairman of the meeting directs.

Content of proxy notices

Proxies may only validly be appointed by a notice in writing (a "proxy notice") which:

(a) states the name and address of the shareholder appointing the proxy;

(b) identifies the person appointed to be that shareholder's proxy and the general meeting
in relation to which that person is appointed;

(c) is signed by or on behalf of the shareholder appointing the proxy, or is authenticated in
such manner as the directors may determine; and

(d) is delivered to the Company in accordance with the articles and any instructions
contained in the notice of the general meeting to which they relate.

The Company may require proxy notices to be delivered in a particular form, and may

specify different forms for different purposes.

Proxy notices may specify how the proxy appointed under them is to vote (or that the proxy

is to abstain from voting) on one or more resolutions.

Unless a proxy notice indicates otherwise, it must be treated as:

(a) allowing the person appointed under it as a proxy discretion as to how to vote on any
ancillary or procedural resolutions put to the meeting; and

(b) appointing that person as a proxy in relation to any adjournment of the general meeting
to which it relates as well as the meeting itself.


===== page 28 =====
P. 16

46

(3)

(4)

47

Delivery of proxy notices

A person who is entitled to attend, speak or vote (either on a show of hands or on a poll) ata
general meeting remains so entitled in respect of that meeting or any adjournment of it, even
though a valid proxy notice has been delivered to the Company by or on behalf of that
person.

An appointment under a proxy notice may be revoked by delivering to the Company a notice
in writing given by or on behalf of the person by whom or on whose behalf the proxy notice
was given.

A notice revoking a proxy appointment only takes effect if it is delivered before the start of
the meeting or adjourned meeting to which it relates.

If a proxy notice is not executed by the person appointing the proxy, it must be accompanied
by written evidence of the authority of the person who executed it to execute it on the
appointor’s behalf.

Amendments to resolutions

An ordinary resolution to be proposed at a general meeting may be amended by ordinary

resolution if:

(a) notice of the proposed amendment is given to the Company in writing by a person
entitled to vote at the general meeting at which it is to be proposed not less than 48
hours before the meeting is to take place (or such later time as the chairman of the
meeting may determine), and

(b) the proposed amendment does not, in the reasonable opinion of the chairman of the
meeting, materially alter the scope of the resolution.

A special resolution to be proposed at a general meeting may be amended by ordinary

resolution, if:
the chairman of the meeting proposes the amendment at the general meeting at which
the resolution is to be proposed; and

(b) the amendment does not go beyond what is necessary to correct a grammatical or

If the chairman of the meeting, acting in good faith, wrongly decides that an amendment to a

resolution is out of order, the chairman's error does not invalidate the vote on that resolution.

other non-substantive error in the resolution.

PART 5
ADMINISTRATIVE ARRANGEMENTS

Means of communication to be used

Anything sent or supplied by or to the Company under the articles may be sent or supplied in
any way in which the 2006 Act provides for documents or information which are authorised
or required by any provision of that Act to be sent or supplied by or to the Company.

Every notice convening a general meeting shall comply with the provisions of section 307
and 325 of the 2006 Act as to the length of notice required for the meeting and the giving of
information to shareholders in regard to their right to appoint proxies; and notices of and
other communications relating to any general meeting which any shareholder is entitled to
receive shall be sent to the directors and to the auditor for the time being of the Company.


===== page 29 =====
P.17

49
(1)
(2)
(3)

50

51

52
(1)

Any notice or document to be sent or supplied to a director in connection with the taking of
decisions by directors may also be sent or supplied by the means by which that director has
asked to be sent or supplied with such notices or documents for the time being.

A director may agree with the Company that notices or documents sent to that director ina
particular way are to be deemed to have been received within a specified time of their being
sent, and for the specified time to be less than 48 hours.

Company seals

Any common seal may only be used by the authority of the directors.

The directors may decide by what means and in what form any common seal is to be used.

Unless otherwise decided by the directors, if the Company has a common seal and it is

affixed to a document, the document must also be signed by at least one authorised person

in the presence of a witness who attests the signature.

For the purposes of this article, an authorised person is:

(a) any director of the Company;

(b) the Company secretary (if any); or

(o) any person authorised by the directors for the purpose of signing documents to which
the common seal is applied.

No right to inspect accounts and other records

Except as provided by law or authorised by the directors or an ordinary resolution of the
Company, no person is entitled to inspect any of the Company's accounting or other records
or documents merely by virtue of being a shareholder.

Provision for employees on cessation of business

The directors may decide to make provision for the benefit of persons employed or formerly
employed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries (other than a director or former director
or shadow director) in connection with the cessation or transfer to any person of the whole or
part of the undertaking of the Company or that subsidiary.

DIRECTORS' INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE

Indemnity

Subject to paragraph (2), a relevant director of the Company or an associated company may

be indemnified out of the Company's assets against:

(a) any liability incurred by that director in connection with any negligence, default, breach
of duty or breach of trust in relation to the Company or an associated company;

(b) any liability incurred by that director in connection with the activities of the Company or
an associated company in its capacity as a trustee of an occupational pension scheme
(as defined in section 235(6) of the 2006 Act);

(c) any other liability incurred by that director as an officer of the Company or an
associated company.

This article does not authorise any indemnity which would be prohibited or rendered void by

any provision of the Companies Acts or by any other provision of law.


===== page 30 =====
P.18

53

(2)

In this article:
companies are associated if one is a subsidiary of the other or both are subsidiaries of

a

(a) the same body corporate; and

(b) a "relevant director" means any director or former director of the Company or an
associated company.

Insurance

The directors may decide to purchase and maintain insurance, at the expense of the

Company, for the benefit of any relevant director in respect of any relevant loss.

In this article:

(a) a "relevant director" means any director or former director of the Company or an
associated company;

(b) a "relevant loss" means any loss or liability which has been or may be incurred by a
relevant director in connection with that director's duties or powers in relation to the
Company, any associated company or any pension fund or employees' share scheme
of the Company or associated company; and

(c) companies are associated if one is a subsidiary of the other or both are subsidiaries of
the same body corporate.
