

===== page 1 =====
THE COMPANIES ACT 2006

A PRIVATE COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES

ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

of
ACTIUM TOPCO (UK) LIMITED
(Adopted by Special Resolution passed on 5 June 2026)

No. 15735478

A&O SHEARMAN

Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4


===== page 2 =====
INDEX TO THE ARTICLES

Article Page
PRELIMINARY

1. Model articles do not apply ........ceccsesesecsesessessesessesneeeesesnceessestsaesuesesneetsatsueeeaesueeeesesueseeassueaseesaeeaseeeanes 1
INTERPRETATION

2. Defined term ........sccsssssssssssseesssesssesssessssessnessnecsssssesseessessssesssesanecsseesssessnesssesssssesseessnsesssessseessessiesseessnes 1
OBJECTS

3. Unrestricted Objects ........ceccsccesseessecseesvesseesesssessssscsvesseesessnesssesucenssseenessnesasssuceneceeesesanesseeunsenecarenesanenaee 15
LIMITED LIABILITY

4. Liability of members

DIRECTORS' GENERAL POWERS, DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

5. Directors' general powers . 15

6. Shareholders’ reserve power. 15
7. Directors’ duties...... 15
8 Directors may delegat

9. Committees

DECISION-MAKING BY DIRECTORS

10. Directors to take decisions collectively

11. Voting by Directors

12. Unanimous decision:

13. Calling a Directors! meeting .....

14. Participation in Directors’ meetings.

15. Quorum for Directors' meetings ..

16. Chairing of Directors' meetings

17. Records of decisions to be kept

18. Directors' discretion to make further rules

DIRECTORS' INTERESTS

19. Directors’ interests in relation to transactions or arrangements with the Compan
20. Inherent Conflicts

21. Directors’ interests other than in relation to transactions or arrangements with the Company .
22. Directors' interests generally and voting

APPOINTMENT, REMOVAL AND REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS.
23. Number of Directors

24. Appointment and removal of Directors and Investor Directors by Majority A Holders
25. Appointment and removal of Chair

26. Observer se

27. Formalities of appointment.

28. Termination of Director's appointment
29. Directors' services and remuneratio1
30. Directors’ expenses

ALTERNATE DIRECTORS

31. Appointment and removal of Alternates
32. Rights and responsibilities of Alternate Directors 24
33. Alternates voting at Directors’ meetings.

34. Termination of alternate directorship .
SHARES — GENERAL
35. Share capital

36. Purchase of own shares .
37. All Shares to be fully paid up
38. Powers to allot Shares

39. Company not bound by less than absolute interests
40. Share certificates

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4


===== page 3 =====
4l. Replacement share certificates ...........scssccseessesesseesseeesesstensessecsnseneesessesseesessnseneesessneesessessnseneesesaneniee 27
SHARE RIGHTS AND RESTRICTIONS

42. Income rights...
43. Vesting of MRP Strip Shares
44, Waterfall Event.
45. Distribution Conversion
46. Book Up Conversiot

47. Voting 40
Variation of Share Rights

48. Variation Of rights.......0..ccscescecesces cece eeeeseeseeneseeseeneseeseeseseesseeseesseeeseeseseesesseseesesssseesssneeeesesneeeseesaseaee 40
TRANSFERS OF SHARES

49. Share transfers — general

50. Transmission of Shares..

51. Exercise of transmittees' rights...

52. Transmittees bound by prior notices

53. Permitted transfers

54. Minority Co-Investor Approval Procedure.
55. Syndication...

56. Compulsory transfers general
57. Tag along rights...
58. Drag Along Right
59. Strip Leaver Provisions .
60. Sweet Leaver Provisions
61. MRP Leaver Provisions.
DIVIDENDS AND OTHER DISTRIBUTIONS
62. Procedure for declaring dividends...
63. Payment of dividends and other distribution
64. No interest on distributions
65. Unclaimed distributions.
66. Non-cash distributions...
67. Waiver of distributions ........c.ccccssecssessesssessseecsscssecssicssisesseessvessscssasssseesssscsusesnicssissssectsnetsnessseesseetes
CAPITALISATION OF PROFITS

68. Authority to capitalise and appropriation of capitalised SUMS............scsccesessesseesseesesseesssseeseesneenees 70
ORGANISATION OF GENERAL MEETINGS
69. Convening of general meetin;

70. Notice of general meeting .

71. Attendance and speaking at general meeting: 71
72. Quorum for general meetings 72
73. Chairing general meetings . 72

74. Attendance and speaking by Directors and non-Shareholders .
7. Adjournment
VOTING AT GENERAL MEETINGS
76. Voting — general...
77. Errors and disputes .
78. Poll votes
79. Content of Proxy Notice:
80. Delivery of Proxy Notices et:
81. Amendments to resolutions ........:sccsssecsescseeessesssesssseeeseesseesseesseessseeesnsessesssesssseesscesseessessseessseessesesneess
ADMINISTRATIVE ARRANGEMENTS

82. Means of communication to be used
83. When a communication from the Company is deemed received .
84. Notices in writing given to the Company by Shareholders
85. Company seals..
86. No right to inspect accounts and other records..

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4


===== page 4 =====
87. Provision for Employees on cessation Of DUSINCSS ...........scccseseesssteeseestessessessssneesessneesessessiseneesesaneniee 76
WINDING UP

88. Winding Up oo... ececeeseeseescseeseescsesscescacessecneescaesscsssnesncasnesscaesncensatansensatensenentensenentensanensensatensanentes 77
DIRECTORS' INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE

89. Indemnity.
90. Insurance ...

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4


===== page 5 =====
Company number
15735478

(a)

THE COMPANIES ACT 2006
A PRIVATE COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
OF

ACTIUM TOPCO (UK) LIMITED

(adopted by special resolution
passed on 5 June 2026)

PRELIMINARY
Model articles do not apply

None of the articles in the model articles for a private company limited by shares set out in Schedule 1
to The Companies (Model Articles) Regulations 2008 shall apply to the Company.

INTERPRETATION
Defined terms
In the Articles, unless the context requires otherwise:
A Balance Percentage has the meaning given to it in Article 44(d);

A Shares means the A ordinary shares of £0.01 each in the capital of the Company and A Shareholder
means a holder of any of those shares;

acting in concert shall bear the meaning given to it in the City Code on Takeovers and Mergers;
Adjusted Loan Note Coupon has the meaning given to it in Article 59(c)(iii)(B);

Adjusted MRP Price has the meaning given to it in Article 61(f);

Adjusted MRP Priority Amount has the meaning given to it in Article 61(c);

Adjusted Priority Amount has the meaning given to it in Article 59(c)(ii)(B);

Adjusted Strip Price has the meaning given to it in Article 59(f);

Adjusted Sweet Price has the meaning given to it in Article 60(g);

Affiliate means:

(i) in relation to a person, all of that person's subsidiary undertakings, all parent undertakings of
that person, and all subsidiary undertakings of each of those parent undertakings; and

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 1


===== page 6 =====
(ii) additionally, in respect of a member of the Investors' Group:

(A)
(B)

(C)

(D)

(E)

(F)

(G)

any member of the Investors' Group;

any general partner or limited partner or other partner, or trustee, nominee, custodian,
operator, administrator, managing member, manager or investment adviser to or of
any of them (or to or of any group undertaking of any of them);

any group undertaking of any general partner, trustee, nominee, custodian, operator,
administrator, managing member, manager or investment adviser to or of any of them
(or to or of any group undertaking of any of them, but excluding any portfolio
company thereof);

any Fund which has the same general partner, trustee, nominee, operator,
administrator, managing member, manager or investment adviser as that Investor or
any member of the Investors' Group;

any Fund which is advised, or the assets of which (or some material part thereof) are
managed (whether solely or jointly with others), by any member of the Investors'
Group including any feeder vehicle set up to facilitate investment in and any vehicle
that invests on a parallel basis with, or in lieu of, any such Fund;

any Fund in respect of which that Investor or its general partner, investment adviser,
manager, operator, nominee or any member of the Investors' Group is a limited
partner, general partner, administrator, managing member, manager or investment
adviser including any feeder vehicle set up to facilitate investment in and any vehicle
that invests on a parallel basis with, or in lieu of, any such Fund; and

any Co-Investment Scheme of any of them (or any group undertaking of any of them),
any Co-Investment Scheme in which the Investors are a participant or any person
holding shares under such Co-Investment Scheme or entitled to the benefit of shares
under such Co-Investment Scheme

but excludes any portfolio company or vehicle of an Investor or the holding vehicle of such
portfolio company or vehicle;

Alternate or Alternate Director has the meaning given in Article 31(a) and Article 32(a),

respectively;

Appointor has the meaning given in Article 31(a);

Approval has the meaning given in Article 54(a);

Articles means the Company's articles of association, as from time to time amended;

Available Profits means profits available for distribution within the meaning of the Companies Act;

B Balance Percentage has the meaning given to it in Article 44(d);

B Share Price has the meaning given to it in Article 59(c);

B Shares means the B ordinary shares of £0.01 each in the capital of the Company and B Shareholder
means a holder of any of those shares;

Bad MRP Leaver has the meaning given to it in Article 61(a);

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 2


===== page 7 =====
Bad Strip Leaver has the meaning given to it in Article 59(a);

Bad Sweet Leaver has the meaning given to it in Article 60(a);

Bad Sweet Leaver Price has the meaning given to it in Article 60(d)(i)(B);
Balance Percentages has the meaning given to it in Article 44(d);

bankruptcy includes individual insolvency proceedings in a jurisdiction other than England and
Wales or Northern Ireland which have an effect similar to that of bankruptcy;

Baseline Distribution Amount means £509,543,700;

Board means the board of directors of the Company;

Board Selected Transfer has the meaning given to it in Article 54(f)(ii);

Board Selected Transfer Notice has the meaning given to it in Article 54(f)(ii);
Book Up Conversion has the meaning given to it in Article 46(b);

Book Up Event has the meaning given to it in Article 46(b);

Book Up Value means an amount equal to: (i) £11,086,474; less (ii) the aggregate amount of all MRP
Share Distribution Entitlements (if any) pursuant to Waterfall Event(s) prior to a Book Up Event (if

any);

Business Day means a day which is not a Saturday or a Sunday or a public holiday in England;
C Shareholder means the Cl Shareholder or C2 Shareholder (as applicable);

C Shares means C1 Shares and/or C2 Shares (as applicable);

C1 Share Price has the meaning given to it in Article 60(d)(i);

C1 Shares means C1 ordinary shares of £0.01 each in the capital of the Company and C1 Shareholder
means a holder of any of those shares;

C2 Share Price has the meaning given to it in Article 60(d)(ii);

C2 Shares means C2 ordinary shares of £0.01 each in the capital of the Company and C2 Shareholder
means q holder of any of those shares;

Capitalised Sum has the meaning given to it in Article 68(a)(ii);

CEO means the chief executive officer of the Group from time to time, being, as at the Completion
Date and the Sweet Issuance Date, Luc Baqué;

Chair means the Director appointed under Article 25 (Appointment and removal of Chair);
Chair of the Meeting has the meaning given in Article 73(c);
Completion Date means 19 August 2024;

Co-Investment Scheme means any co-investment scheme, being a scheme under which certain
officers, employees, members or partners of an Investor or its investment adviser, general partner,

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 3


===== page 8 =====
manager, operator, nominee or any member of the Investors’ Group are entitled or required (as
individuals or through a Fund or any other vehicle) to acquire Shares, Loan Notes and/or any other
Security;

Continuation Fund means, in respect of an Investor, a continuation fund of any existing Fund of the
Investor (more specifically, one or more Fund, funds, vehicles or other arrangements which is an
Affiliate of such Investor and which is established to acquire (or otherwise receive a transfer or
contribution of) part or all of the Securities held by any existing Fund of such Investor), save where
such fund is established to receive Securities as part of a bona fide internal reorganisation by an
Investor and/or its Affiliates for bona fide tax, legal or regulatory reasons without any change to the
economic rights of the holders of Securities in the Group or direct or indirect ultimate ownership of
any interests therein;

Clawback Manager has the meaning given to it in clause 22.4 of the Investment Deed;

Companies Act means the Companies Act 2006 including any statutory modification or re-enactment
of it for the time being in force;

Company means Actium Topco (UK) Limited (registered number 15735478);
Compulsory Sellers has the meaning given in Article 58(a);

Connected Person shall have the meaning given to it in section 1122 of the Corporation Tax Act
2010;

Controller has the meaning given to it in Article 56(d);

D Balance Percentage has the meaning given to it in Article 44(c);
D Shares means D1 Shares and/or D2 Shares (as applicable);

D1 Share Price has the meaning given to it in Article 60(d)(i);

D1 Shares means D1 ordinary shares of £0.01 each in the capital of the Company and D1 Shareholder
means a holder of any of those shares;

D2 Share Price has the meaning given to it in Article 60(d)(ii);

D2 Shares means D2 ordinary shares of £0.01 each in the capital of the Company and D2 Shareholder
means a holder of any of those shares;

Director means a director of the Company, and includes any person occupying the position of director,
by whatever name called;

Distribution Conversion has the meaning given to it in Article 45(a);

Distribution Recipient has the meaning given in Article 63(b);

document includes, unless otherwise specified, any document sent or supplied in electronic form;
Drag Along Notice has the meaning given in Article 58(a);

Drag Along Sellers has the meaning given in Article 58(a);

electronic form has the meaning given in section 1168 of the Companies Act;

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 4


===== page 9 =====
Eligible Director means a Director who is entitled to vote on the relevant matter at a Directors‘
meeting but excluding any Director whose vote is not to be counted in respect of the relevant matter;

Eligible MRP Shares has the meaning given to it in Article 45(d);

Employee means an employee, secondee, consultant, contractor, officer or Director (other than an
Investor Director) and the terms Employed and Employment shall be construed accordingly;

Employee Trust means any trust which is or may be established from time to time, the terms of which
are approved by the Majority A Holders, to enable or facilitate the holding of Securities by, or for the
benefit of, the Employees of the Group (acting as trustee, including for the purposes of acting as a
‘warehouse’, and / or nominee (as applicable);

Encumbrance means any mortgage, charge (fixed or floating), pledge, lien, option, right to acquire,
assignment by way of security, trust arrangement for the purpose of providing security or any other
security interest of any kind, including retention arrangements;

equity share means any Share other than a Share which, either as respects dividends or as respects
capital, only carries the right to participate up to a specified amount in a distribution;

EQV means the equity value of the Group as determined by the Board applying Quarterly Valuations
and reported in pound sterling (£);

Escrow Account means a deposit account to be maintained by a third party escrow agent on such
terms as are agreed by the Company, the Investors and the MRP Representative;

executed includes any mode of execution;
Exit means:

(i) a Listing; or

(ii) a Sale;

Fair Price means:

(i) in respect of a Minority Co-Investor’s Securities which are to be transferred subject to and in
accordance with Article 54 (Minority Co-Investor Approval Procedure) or in respect of a
Minority Co-Investor’s B Shares which are to be transferred subject to and in accordance with
Article 59 (Strip Leaver Provisions), such price as may be determined by the Board (or any
committee to which the Board delegates responsibility), with Investor Consent, and notified
to the Minority Co-Investor in writing, or such price as may be determined in accordance with
Article 59(h) (if applicable); or

(ii) in respect of a Sweet Leaver’s Cl Shares, C2 Shares, D1 Shares and/or D2 Shares (as
applicable) which are to be transferred subject to and in accordance with Article 60 (Sweet
Leaver Provisions) such price as may be determined by the Board (or any committee to which
the Board delegates responsibility) with Investor Consent and notified to the Sweet Leaver in
writing (having regard to the factors set out in Article 60(h)(i), acting in good faith), or such
price as may be determined in accordance with Article 60(h) (if applicable);

Family Member in relation to an individual means that individual's spouse, civil partner or child
(including step children and adopted children);

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 5


===== page 10 =====
Family Trust means a means a trust (whether arising under a settlement, declaration of trust,
testamentary disposition or on an intestacy) under which no immediate beneficial interest in the shares
in question is for the time being or may in future be vested in any person other than the person
establishing the trust (or, as the case may be, under whose testamentary disposition or intestacy the
trust was established) and the relevant person's Relations;

Finance Documents has the meaning given to it in the Senior Facilities Agreement;

First Meeting has the meaning given to it in Article 15(c);

Free Shares means the C2 Shares and D2 Shares allocated for free to the relevant Minority Co-
Investor, in accordance with the Free Shares Plan;

Free Shares Plan means the free shares plan to be constituted by the Free Shares Plan Letters (as
defined in the Investment Deed);

FSMA means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000;
Full Tag Along Offer has the meaning given in Article 57(a)(ii);

fully paid in relation to a Share, means that the nominal value and any premium to be paid to the
Company in respect of that Share have been paid to the Company;

Fund means any fund, bank, company, unit trust, investment trust, investment company, limited,
general or other partnership, industrial provident or friendly society, any collective investment scheme
(as defined by the FSMA), any investment professional (as defined in article 19(5) of the Financial
Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the FPO)), any high net worth
company or unincorporated association or high value trust (as defined in articles 49(2) (a) to (b) and
article 49(6) of the FPO), any pension fund or insurance company or any person who is an authorised
person under the FSMA, but shall exclude the Company;

Fund Participant has the meaning given to it in Article 53(a)(iv);

Good MRP Leaver has the meaning given to it in Article 61(a);

Good Strip Leaver has the meaning given to it in Article 59(a);

Good Sweet Leaver has the meaning given to it in Article 60(a);

Group means the Company and its Subsidiaries from time to time and Group Company means any
of them;

Group Employees means the Employees of the Group;
hard copy form has the meaning given in section 1168 of the Companies Act;

holder in relation to Shares means the person whose name is entered in the register of members as the
holder of the Shares;

Hurdle Distribution Amount means £520,630,175;
Hurdle EQV means £520,630,175;

Independent Expert means a partner at Ernst & Young LLP, KPMG LLP, Deloitte LLP,
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP or, where no such person is able or willing to act, or where the Majority

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 6


===== page 11 =====
A Holders so direct, any other reputable international accountancy firm nominated by the Board (or
any committee to which the Board delegates such responsibility) (with Investor Consent) (in each case
acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator) who shall, in each case, be engaged on terms to be agreed
by the Board (or any committee to which the Board delegates such responsibility) (with Investor
Consent);

Inherent Conflict has the meaning given in Article 20(a);

instrument means a document in hard copy form;

Initial Amount has the meaning given to it in Article 44(d);
Intermediate Sweet Leaver has the meaning given to it in Article 60(a);

Investment Deed means the investment deed dated on or around the Completion Date between, among
others, the Company, Midco 1, the Original Managers (as defined therein), the Original Minority Co-
Investors (as defined therein) and the Investors (as defined therein), as amended, supplemented,
novated or replaced from time to time;

Investor Consent means:

(i) the consent or approval of one of the Investor Directors or, if there is only one appointed at
the time, of that sole Investor Director, given in writing or given at a meeting of the Board (or
of a committee of the Board) and in each case specifically referred to as representing Investor
Consent (so that an Investor Director may consent to a matter in the Investor Director's
capacity as a Director, without that consent representing consent under this definition unless
the Investor Director specifically indicates it as being so); or

(ii) the written approval of the Majority A Holders;

Investor Directors means those directors of the Company appointed under Article 24 (Appointment
and removal of Directors and Investor Directors by Majority A Holders) (or their respective
Alternates);

Investors means the Investors as defined in the Investment Deed and any other person who has agreed
to adhere to the Investment Deed as an Investor and whose rights and obligations as an Investor under
the Investment Deed have not terminated;

Investors Equity Proceeds has the meaning given to it in Article 44(d);

Investors’ Group means each Investor (and, where an Investor is a limited partnership, the general
partner, manager, adviser and/or operator of such Investor) and such person's subsidiary undertakings
or, as the case may be, each Investor (or, where an Investor is a limited partnership, the general partner,
manager, adviser and/or operator of such Investor), any parent undertaking, whether direct or indirect,
of such person and any other subsidiary undertaking of any such parent undertaking from time to time
(excluding any portfolio company thereof) and each of their respective Affiliates but excludes any
portfolio company or vehicle of an Investor or the holding vehicle of such portfolio company or
vehicle;

Investors Invested Equity has the meaning given to it in Article 44(d);
Investors Return has the meaning given to it in Article 44(d);

IRR has the meaning given to it in Article 44(d);

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 7


===== page 12 =====
Listing means the admission to listing of any of the equity shares in the Company on any recognised
investment exchange (as defined in section 285 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000);

Loan Note Instrument means the instrument constituting the Loan Notes, dated on or around the
Completion Date and as amended, supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time and includes
any Additional Loan Note Instrument as therein defined;

Loan Note Outstanding Principal has the meaning given to it in Article 44(b)(i)(A);

Loan Notes means the 12% unsecured loan notes to be constituted by the Loan Note Instrument (and
any other subsequent instrument on terms substantially similar to the Loan Note Instrument, other than
as to the principal amount of loan notes constituted) and issued by Midco 1 includes any Additional
Notes as therein defined;

Majority A Holders means the holder or holders of more than 50 % of the A Shares in issue;

Manager and Minority Co-Investor Permitted Transfer has the meaning given in Article 53(b);

Manager and Minority Co-Investor Representative means the person appointed pursuant to clause
13 of the Investment Deed from time to time;

Managers means the Original Managers as defined in the Investment Deed and any other person who
has agreed to adhere to the Investment Deed as a Manager and whose rights and obligations as a
Manager under the Investment Deed have not terminated;

Mandatory MRP Transferor has the meaning given to it in Article 61(a);

Mandatory Strip Transferor has the meaning given to it in Article 59(a);

Mandatory Sweet Transferor has the meaning given to it in Article 60(a);

Maximum MRP Share Distribution Entitlement has the meaning given to it in Article 44(b)(ii);
Midco 1 means Actium Midco 1 (UK) Limited (registered number 15735608);

Minority Co-Investor Buyback Date means, in respect only to the concerned portion of Free Shares
pursuant to the Free Shares Plan, the date falling on the date of expiry of the Retention Period (as that
term is defined in the Free Shares Plan);

Minority Co-Investor Proposed Transferee has the meaning given to it in Article 54(b)(i);
Minority Co-Investor Transfer Notice has the meaning given to it in Article 54(b);

Minority Co-Investor Sale has the meaning given to it in Article 54(g);

Minority Co-Investor Strip Leaver has the meaning given to it in Article 59(a);

Minority Co-Investor Sweet Leaver has the meaning given to it in Article 60(a);

Minority Co-Investors means the Original Minority Co-Investors as defined in the Investment Deed
and any other person who has agreed to adhere to the Investment Deed as a Minority Co-Investor and
whose rights and obligations as a Minority Co-Investor under the Investment Deed have not

terminated;

MRP Closing Strip Ratio has the meaning given to it in Article 45(b)(i);

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 8


===== page 13 =====
MRP Distribution Proportion has the meaning given to it in Article 45(d);
MRP Leaver has the meaning given to it in Article 61(a);

MRP Leaver Period has the meaning given to it in Article 61(a);

MRP Leaver Price has the meaning given to it in Article 61(c);

MRP Ordinary Share Price has the meaning given to it in Article 61(c);

MRP Ordinary Shares means the MRP ordinary shares of £0.000001 each in the capital of the
Company and MRP Ordinary Shareholder means a holder of any of those shares;

MRP Ordinary Share Balance Percentage has the meaning given to it in Article 44(d);
MRP Priority Amount means, in respect of each MRP Priority Share:

(i) on the date when such MRP Priority Share is converted from an MRP Share pursuant to a
Distribution Conversion or a Book Up Conversion (if any) (the Conversion Date), £0.999999
(the MRP Priority Conversion Date Amount) which, when added together with the paid up
nominal value of each MRP Priority Share, results in the total value of such MRP Priority
Share being equal to £1.00 per MRP Priority Share (such total value, being the Total MRP
Priority Conversion Date Value); and

(ii) following the Conversion Date, an amount equal to 12% per annum calculated on the basis of
the Total MRP Priority Conversion Date Value of such MRP Priority Share, deemed to be
accruing on a daily basis on and from the Putter Closing Date and compounding annually,

in all cases less the amount of any dividends or other distributions paid in respect of such MRP Priority
Share prior to the relevant time, save in respect of a Bad MRP Leaver or a Very Bad MRP Leaver,
whose MRP Priority Amount shall be calculated in accordance with Article 61 (MRP Leaver
Provisions);

MRP Priority Share Price has the meaning given to it in Article 61(c);

MRP Priority Share Outstanding Subscription Price has the meaning given to it in
Article 44(b)(i)(A)IL;

MRP Priority Shares means the MRP priority shares of £0.000001 each in the capital of the Company
and MRP Priority Shareholder means a holder of any of those shares;

MRP Priority Subscription Amount means, in respect of each MRP Priority Share, the Total MRP
Priority Conversion Date Value (as defined within the definition of "MRP Priority Amount" above),
to the extent the same has not been distributed by way of bonus issue or repayment of capital in respect
of that MRP Priority Share;

MRP Representative means Ryan Lemoie or such other person as the holders of more than 50% of
the MRP Shares or MRP Strip Shares (as applicable) may notify in writing to the Board;

MRP Securities means: (i) on any date prior to a Distribution Conversion or a Book Up Conversion,
the MRP Shares; or (ii) on any date on or after a Distribution Conversion or a Book Up Conversion,
(a) for an MRP Leaver who becomes an MRP Leaver before the MRP Vesting Date and is a Good
MRP Leaver, or an MRP Leaver who becomes an MRP Leaver on or after the MRP Vesting Date, the
MRP Priority Shares, and (b) for an MRP Leaver who becomes an MRP Leaver before the MRP
Vesting Date and is not a Good MRP Leaver, the MRP Strip Shares;

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 9


===== page 14 =====
MRP Share Distribution Entitlement has the meaning given to it in Article 44(b)(ii);
MRP Share Price has the meaning given to it in Article 61(c);

MRP Shares means the shares of £0.000001 each in the capital of the Company having the rights set
out in these Articles, and MRP Shareholder means a holder of any of those shares;

MRP Strip Shares means the MRP Ordinary Shares and the MRP Priority Shares, and MRP Strip
Shareholder means a holder of any of those shares;

MRP Termination Date has the meaning given to it in Article 61(a);

MRP Vesting has the meaning given to it in Article 43 (Vesting of MRP Strip Shares);
MRP Vesting Date has the meaning given to it in Article 61(a);

Notice of Strip Price has the meaning given to it in Article 59(h);

Notice of Sweet Price has the meaning given to it in Article 60(h);

Observer means an observer appointed under Article 26 (Observer);

ordinary resolution has the meaning given in section 282 of the Companies Act;
Ordinary Shares means the A Shares, the B Shares and the MRP Ordinary Shares or any of them;
Original MRP Price has the meaning given to it in Article 61(f);

Original Strip Price has the meaning given to it in Article 59(f);

Original Sweet Price has the meaning given to it in Article 60(g);

Outstanding Loan Note Interest has the meaning given to it in Article 44(b)(i)(B)III;
Outstanding MRP Priority Amount has the meaning given to it in Article 44(b)(i)(B)I;
Outstanding Priority Amount has the meaning given to it in Article 44(b)(i)(B)L

paid means paid or credited as paid;

participate, in relation to a Directors' meeting, has the meaning given in Article 14 (Participation in
Directors’ meetings);

Participating Tag Shares means: (i) in respect of a Strip Tag Along Offer, the B Shares, the MRP
Ordinary Shares, the Priority Shares and the MRP Priority Shares; or (ii) in respect of a Full Tag Along
Offer, the B Shares, the MRP Ordinary Shares, the C Shares, the D Shares, the Priority Shares and the
MRP Priority Shares;

Permitted Transferee in relation to a person means any other person to whom that first person may
transfer Shares pursuant to Article 53(a)(i);

Persons Entitled has the meaning given to it in Article 68(a)(ii);

Pre-Exit Loan Note Repayment has the meaning given to it in Article 44(h);

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 10


===== page 15 =====
Priority Amount means, in respect of each Priority Share, an amount equal to 12% per annum
calculated on the basis of the Subscription Price of such Priority Share, accruing on a daily basis and
compounding annually, less the amount of any dividends or other distributions paid in respect of such
Priority Share prior to the relevant time, save in respect of a Bad Strip Leaver or a Very Bad Strip
Leaver, whose Priority Amount shall be calculated in accordance with Article 59 (Strip Leaver
Provisions);

Priority Share Outstanding Subscription Price has the meaning given to it in Article 44(b)(i)(A)I;
Priority Share Price has the meaning given to it in Article 59(c)(ii);

Priority Shareholder means a holder of Priority Shares;

Priority Shares means priority shares of £0.01 each in the capital of the Company;

Priority Subscription Amount means, in respect of each Priority Share, a sum equal to the amount
credited as paid up on such Priority Share in respect of the nominal value thereof and any share
premium thereon to the extent the same has been paid up and has not been distributed by way of bonus
issue or repayment of capital in respect of that Priority Share;

Proposed Majority Transfer has the meaning given to it in Article 57(a)(ii);

Proposed Minority Transfer has the meaning given to it in Article 57(a)(i);

Proposed Tag Along Transferee has the meaning given to it in Article 57(a);

Proxy Notice has the meaning given in Article 79(a);

Putter Closing Date means 27 June 2025;

Quarterly Valuation means the valuation for the Group determined by the Investors at the end of
each calendar quarter and audited by the Company's external auditors;

Relation means, in relation to an individual, the individual's spouse or civil partner or child;

Relevant Date means the date on which the relevant Strip Leaver or Sweet Leaver ceases to be
Employed by any Group Company (or, if the Strip Leaver or Sweet Leaver has not ceased to be
Employed by any Group Company, the date on which the Strip Leaver or Sweet Leaver takes the
relevant action which may be restricted under the Strip Performance Condition or Sweet Performance
Condition;

Relevant Percentage has the meaning given to it in Article 60(a);

Relevant Proportion has the meaning given in Article 58(b);

Relevant Situation has the meaning given in Article 21(a);

Restricted Period means the later of: (a) the period of 12 months from the Relevant Date less any
period in which the relevant Manager is placed on garden leave; and (b) the period stipulated in
accordance with the Investment Deed, provided that the Board (or any committee to which the Board
delegates responsibility for such purposes) with Investor Consent may reduce the duration of such

Restricted Period for the relevant Manager at the relevant time;

Restricted Territories means (a) any country in which the Group operates as of the Relevant Date or
during the period of 24 months prior to the Relevant Date; and (b) to the extent the Group is not

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 11


===== page 16 =====
operating in such country at the Relevant Date, Germany, Austria, Switzerland, the Netherlands,
Belgium, Luxembourg, and the Middle East and Asia Pacific regions;

Restructuring means any reorganisation, debt for equity swap, recapitalisation or other restructuring
effected as a result of a breach or to avoid a breach, by any member of the Group of any covenant
relating to or concerning the financial affairs and/or position of any member of the Group contained
in any loan agreement or loan arrangement (in particular, but without limitation, any such covenant
which is referred to in such agreement or arrangement as a "financial covenant" or similar expression)
provided that the only changes to the Loan Notes shall be such changes envisaged by clause 28.6 of
the Investment Deed;

Retained MRP Securities has the meaning given to it in Article 61(g);

Retained Securities has the meaning given to it in Article 59(g);

Sale means the sale of more than 50% of the A Shares from time to time (or beneficial interest therein)
held by the Investor, or the sale or other disposal of the whole or substantially the whole of the business
or assets of the Group taken together, in each case to a single third party buyer or to one or more third
party buyers (in each case who is not an Affiliate of the Investor) acting in concert, whether as a single
transaction or part of a series of related transactions;

Security means any equity or debt security in whatever form issued by any Group Company, and
Securities shall be construed accordingly;

Senior Facilities Agreement means the senior facilities agreement dated on or around the Completion
Date between, among others, Actium Bidco (UK) Limited, Actium Midco 3 (UK) Limited, Actium
Midco 2 (UK) Limited, Actium Bidco (US), Ltd., Global Loan Agency Services Limited and GLAS
Trust Corporation Limited, as may be amended, amended and restated, supplemented, varied or
novated from time to time;

Shareholder means the holder of shares in the capital of the Company;

Shares means shares in the capital of the Company;

special resolution has the meaning given in section 283 of the Companies Act;

Strip Leaver has the meaning given to it in Article 59(a);

Strip Leaver’s Loan Notes Face Value has the meaning given to it in Article 59(a);

Strip Leaver Period has the meaning given to it in Article 59(a);

Strip Leaver Price has the meaning given to it in Article 59(c);

Strip Leaver's Securities has the meaning given to it in Article 59(a);

Strip Leaver's Shares has the meaning given to it in Article 59(a);

Strip Performance Condition has the meaning given to it in Article 59(a);

Strip Tag Along Offer has the meaning given in Article 57(a)(i);

Strip Termination Date has the meaning given to it in Article 59(a);

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 12


===== page 17 =====
Subscription Price means: (i) in relation to any Share other than an MRP Priority Share, to the extent
paid up, the nominal value of that Share plus the amount of any premium at which that Share was
issued, in all cases to the extent the same has not been distributed by way of bonus issue or repayment
of capital in respect of that Share; or (ii) in respect of any MRP Priority Share, the MRP Priority
Subscription Amount;

Subsidiary has the meaning given in section 1159 of the Companies Act;

Sweet Issuance Date means 31 January 2025;

Sweet Leaver has the meaning given to it in Article 60(a);

Sweet Leaver Period has the meaning given to it in Article 60(a);

Sweet Leaver Price has the meaning given to it in Article 60(d);

Sweet Leaver’s Shares has the meaning given to it in Article 60(a);

Sweet Performance Condition has the meaning given to it in Article 60(a);

Sweet Termination Date has the meaning given to it in Article 60(a);

Syndication has the meaning given in Article 55(a);

Tag Along Offer has the meaning given in Article 57(a)(ii);

Transfer Notice Date has the meaning given to it in Article 54(c);

Transferee has the meaning given to it in Article 58(a);

Transferred Securities has the meaning given to it in Article 54(b)(ii);

Transmittee means a person entitled to a Share by reason of the death or bankruptcy of a Shareholder
or otherwise by operation of law;

Unvested MRP Priority Shares has the meaning given to it in Article 43(a)(i);

Unvested MRP Ordinary Shares has the meaning given to it in Article 43(a)(ii);

Value has the meaning given to it in Article 44(b);

Very Bad MRP Leaver has the meaning given to it in Article 61(a);

Very Bad Strip Leaver has the meaning given to it in Article 59(a);

Very Bad Strip Leaver Loan Note Price has the meaning given to it in Article 59(c)(iii)(C);
Very Bad Strip Leaver Price has the meaning given to it in Article 59(c)(iii)(C);

Very Bad Strip Leaver Priority Price has the meaning given to it in Article 59(c)(ii)(C);
Vested MRP Priority Shares has the meaning given to it in Article 43(a)(i);

Vested MRP Ordinary Shares has the meaning given to it in Article 43(a)(ii);

Vested MRP Strip Shares has the meaning given to it in Article 43(a)(ii);

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 13


===== page 18 =====
(b)

(c)

(d)
(e)

(f)

Waterfall Event has the meaning given to it in Article 44(b);

writing or written includes fax and e-mail but excludes text messages and other communications in
electronic form.

Unless the context otherwise requires, other words or expressions contained in these Articles bear the
same meaning as in the Companies Act as in force on the date when these Articles become binding on
the Company.

Unless the contrary intention appears:

(i)
(ii)
(iii)

(iv)

words importing the singular number include the plural number and vice versa;
words importing one gender include all genders;

references to a "person" include any individual, partnership, company, body corporate,
corporation sole or aggregate, firm, joint venture, association, trust, government, state or
agency of a state, unincorporated association of persons or organisation, in each case whether
or not having separate legal personality and irrespective of the jurisdiction in or under the law
of which it was incorporated or exists, and a reference to any of them shall include a reference
to the others; and

any statute or statutory provision or statutory instrument or any document, agreement or
instrument shall be construed as a reference to the same as it may have been, or may from time
to time be, amended, modified, consolidated, re-enacted (if applicable) or replaced.

Headings to the Articles are inserted for convenience only and shall not affect construction.

In construing these Articles, "including" shall be deemed to mean "including, without limitation",
general words introduced by the word "other" shall not be given a restrictive meaning by reason of
the fact that they are preceded by words indicating a particular class of acts, matters or things and
general words introduced by the word "including" shall not be given a restrictive meaning by reason
of the fact that they are followed by particular examples intended to be embraced by the general words.

A reference in the Articles to the "transfer" of any Share shall mean the transfer of either or both of
the legal and beneficial ownership in such Share and/or the grant of an option to acquire either or both
of the legal and beneficial ownership in such Share and the following shall be deemed (but without
limitation) to be a transfer of a Share:

(i)

(ii)

(iii)

(iv)

any sale or other disposition of a legal or beneficial interest in the Share (including any voting
rights attached to the Share);

the creation or enforcement of any Encumbrance over a legal or beneficial interest in the Share
(including any voting rights attached to the Share);

any direction by a person entitled to an allotment or issue of Shares that any such Share be
allotted or issued to another person; and

any grant of an option to acquire either or both of the legal and beneficial ownership of any
Share by any person entitled to such Share.

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 14


===== page 19 =====
3.

(a)

(b)

(a)

(b)

(a)

OBJECTS
Unrestricted objects
Nothing in the Articles shall constitute a restriction on the objects of the Company to do (or omit to
do) any act and, in accordance with section 31(1) of the Companies Act, the Company's objects are
unrestricted,
LIMITED LIABILITY
Liability of members
The liability of the members is limited to the amount, if any, unpaid on the Shares held by them.
DIRECTORS' GENERAL POWERS, DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Directors' general powers

Subject to the Articles, the Directors are responsible for the management of the Company's business,
for which purpose they may exercise all the powers of the Company.

Shareholders' reserve power
Pp

The Shareholders may, by special resolution, direct the Directors to take, or refrain from taking,
specified action.

No such special resolution invalidates anything which the Directors have done before the passing of
the resolution.

Directors' duties

An Investor Director's duty to exercise independent judgment will not be breached if the Investor
Director acts in accordance with a direction from the A Shareholder who appointed the Investor
Director or takes into account the interests of that A Shareholder.

In the exercise of an Investor Director's duties, an Investor Director shall not be restricted by any duty
of confidentiality to the Company from providing information regarding the Company to any A
Shareholder, but a Director who is also a Director of the Director's appointing Shareholder shall owe
a strict duty of confidentiality to that appointing Shareholder in relation to confidential information of
the Shareholder.

Directors may delegate

Subject to the Articles, the Board may delegate any of the powers which are conferred on it under the
Articles:

(i) to such person or committee;

(ii) by such means (including by power of attorney);
(iii) to such an extent;

(iv) in relation to such matters or territories; and

(v) on such terms and conditions,

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 15


===== page 20 =====
(b)

(c)

(a)

(b)

(c)

10.

(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

11.

as it thinks fit.

If the Board so specifies, any such delegation may authorise further delegation of the Board's powers
by any person to whom they are delegated.

The Board may revoke any delegation in whole or part, or alter its terms and conditions.
Committees

Committees to which the Board delegates any of its powers must follow procedures which are based
as far as they are applicable on those provisions of the Articles which govern the taking of decisions
by Directors.

The Board may make rules of procedure for all or any committees, which prevail over rules derived
from the Articles if they are not consistent with them.

In accordance with the provisions of the Investment Deed, the Board shall constitute a remuneration
committee and an audit and risk committee. If an Investor Director has been appointed to such a
committee then the votes exercisable at any meeting of such committee shall be weighted to ensure
that the Investor Director(s) present are at all times able to exercise one more vote than the combined
votes of all of the other members of the committee (when taken as a whole). If any Investor Director
has not been appointed to such a committee, then Investor Consent shall be required to approve any
decision made by such a committee.

DECISION-MAKING BY DIRECTORS
Directors to take decisions collectively
Subject to Article 11 (Voting by Directors), the general rule about decision-making by Directors is
that any decision of the Directors must be taken in accordance with this Article 10 or Article 12

(Unanimous decisions).

In the case of an equality of votes at any meeting of the Directors or a committee of the Directors the
Chair shall not have a second or casting vote.

Questions arising at any meeting of the Directors or of any committee of the Directors shall be decided
by a majority of votes.

Ift
(i) the Company only has one Director; and
(ii) no provision of the Articles requires it to have more than one Director,

the general rule does not apply, and the Director may take decisions without regard to any of the
provisions of the Articles relating to Directors’ decision-making.

Voting by Directors

Subject to these Articles, each Director participating at a meeting of the directors shall have one vote,
provided that the votes exercisable by the Investor Director(s) present at a meeting of the directors
shall be weighted so as to ensure that the Investor Director(s) present are at all times able to exercise
one more vote than the combined votes of all the other members of the Board (when taken as a whole).

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 16


===== page 21 =====
12.

(a)

(b)

(c)

13.

(a)

(b)

(d)

14.

(a)

(b)

(c)

Unanimous decisions

A decision of the Directors is taken in accordance with this Article when all Eligible Directors indicate
to each other by any means that they share a common view on a matter.

Such a decision of the Directors may take the form of a resolution in writing, copies of which have
been signed by each Eligible Director or to which each Eligible Director has otherwise indicated
agreement in writing.

A decision may not be taken in accordance with this Article if the Eligible Directors would not have
formed a quorum at such a meeting.

Calling a Directors' meeting

Any Director may call a Directors' meeting by giving at least five Business Days’ notice of the meeting
to the Directors or by authorising the Company's secretary (if any) to give such notice unless at least
one Investor Director reasonably determines that a meeting is required to be held on short notice given
the nature of the business to be discussed.

Notice of any Directors’ meeting must indicate:

(i) its proposed date and time;

(ii) where it is to take place; and

(iii) _if it is anticipated that Directors participating in the meeting will not be in the same place, how
it is proposed that they should communicate with each other during the meeting.

Notice of a Directors’ meeting must be given to each Director, but need not be in writing.

Notice of a Directors’ meeting need not be given to Directors who waive their entitlement to notice of
that meeting, by giving notice to that effect to the Company not more than seven days after the date
on which the meeting is held. Where such notice is given after the meeting has been held, that does
not affect the validity of the meeting, or of any business conducted at it.

Participation in Directors' meetings

Subject to the Articles, Directors (or any Alternate Director) participate in a Directors' meeting, or
part of a Directors' meeting, when:

(i) the meeting has been called and takes place in accordance with the Articles; and

(ii) they can each communicate to the others any information or opinions they have on any
particular item of the business of the meeting.

In determining whether Directors are participating in a Directors' meeting, it is irrelevant where any
Director is or how they communicate with each other.

If all the Directors participating in a meeting are not in the same place, they may decide that the
meeting is to be treated as taking place wherever any of them is; in the absence of such a decision, the
meeting is deemed to take place at the location from where any Director participating from the United
Kingdom participates.

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 17


===== page 22 =====
15.

(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

(e)

16.

(a)

(b)

17,

18.

Quorum for Directors' meetings

At a Directors' meeting, unless a quorum is participating, no proposal is to be voted on, except a
proposal to call another meeting.

Subject to Article 22 (Directors' interests generally and voting) and to paragraph (d) below, the quorum
for Directors' meetings and committee meetings is two Directors, of whom at least one is an Investor
Director (or its alternate) if there is an Investor Director in office at the relevant time.

If a quorum is not present at the time for which the meeting was called or ceases to be present
thereafter, the meeting (the First Meeting) shall be adjourned to a day being no more than 10 days
from the date of the First Meeting at the same time and place. The Company shall give notice to each
Director who did not attend the First Meeting requiring the Director either to attend the adjourned
meeting of the Directors or to state in writing the Director's views on the matters to be discussed at
that meeting. If any Director having received such notice fails to attend such adjourned meeting those
Directors (including at least one Investor Director) who are present at such adjourned meeting shall
constitute a quorum.

For the purpose of any Directors’ meeting (or part of a meeting) held in accordance with Article 21
(Directors' interests other than in relation to transactions or arrangements with the Company) to
authorise a Director's conflict of interest, or Article 22(c) to consider any matter referred to in that
Article, if only one Eligible Director is in office, the quorum is one Eligible Director.

If the total number of Directors for the time being in office is less than the quorum required, the
Director or Directors in office must not take any decision other than a decision:

@ to request the relevant Shareholders to appoint one or more further Directors under Article 23
(Number of Directors); or

(ii) to call a general meeting so as to enable the Shareholders to appoint further Directors.
Chairing of Directors' meetings

The Chair appointed under Article 25 (Appointment and removal of Chair) shall chair Directors’
meetings.

If the Chair is not participating in a Directors' meeting within ten minutes of the time at which it was
to start, the participating Directors (including one Investor Director) may appoint one of themselves
to chair it.

Records of decisions to be kept

The Directors must ensure that the Company keeps a record, in writing, for at least 10 years from the
date of the decision recorded, of every unanimous or majority decision taken by the Directors.

Directors' discretion to make further rules

Subject to the Articles, the Directors may make any rule which they think fit about how they take
decisions, and about how such rules are to be recorded or communicated to Directors.

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 18


===== page 23 =====
19.

20.

(a)

(b)

(d)

21,

(a)

DIRECTORS' INTERESTS
Directors’ interests in relation to transactions or arrangements with the Company

The relevant provisions of the Companies Act (including without limitation sections 177 and 182 of
the Companies Act) shall apply in relation to declarations of interests in proposed and existing
transactions or arrangements with the Company.

Inherent Conflicts

An Inherent Conflict is a situation where a Director has, or can have, a direct or indirect interest that
conflicts, or possibly may conflict, with the interests of the Company in circumstances where that
situation arises as a direct or indirect result of the Director's relationship with the Shareholder who
appointed the Director (or any of that Shareholder's Subsidiaries).

A Director is authorised to have an interest which constitutes an Inherent Conflict.

A Director who is subject to an Inherent Conflict may, subject to Article 22 (Directors' interests
generally and voting), vote as a Director (and be counted in the quorum) on a decision concerning any
such situation and attend a meeting, or participate in any discussion, relating to that situation and
receive information or advice received by the Company on such situations.

Any reference in paragraph (a) above to a conflict of interest includes a conflict of interest and duty
and a conflict of duties.

Directors’ interests other than in relation to transactions or arrangements with the Company

If a situation other than one relating to an Inherent Conflict (a Relevant Situation) arises in which a
Director has, or can have, a direct or indirect interest that conflicts, or possibly may conflict, with the
interests of the Company (including, without limitation, in relation to the exploitation of any property,
information or opportunity, whether or not the Company could take advantage of it but excluding any
situation which cannot reasonably be regarded as likely to give rise to a conflict of interest) the
following provisions shall apply if the conflict of interest does not arise in relation to a transaction or
arrangement with the Company:

(i) if the Relevant Situation arises from the appointment or proposed appointment of a person as
a Director of the Company:

(A) the Directors (other than the Director, and any other Director with a similar interest,
who shall not be counted in the quorum at the meeting and shall not vote on the
resolution), with Investor Consent; or

(B) the Shareholders (by ordinary resolution or by notice in writing given to the Company
by the holders of a majority of the Ordinary Shares of the Company),

may resolve to authorise the appointment of the Director and the Relevant Situation on such
terms as they may determine;

(ii) if the Relevant Situation arises in circumstances other than in paragraph (i) above:
(A) the Directors (other than the Director and any other Director with a similar interest

who shall not be counted in the quorum at the meeting and shall not vote on the
resolution), with Investor Consent; or

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 19


===== page 24 =====
(b)

(c)

(d)

(ec)

(f)

(g)

(h)

i)

(B) the Shareholders (by ordinary resolution or by notice in writing given to the Company
by the holders of a majority of the Ordinary Shares of the Company),

may resolve to authorise the Relevant Situation and the continuing performance by the
Director of the Director's duties on such terms as they may determine.

Any reference in paragraph (a) above to a conflict of interest includes a conflict of interest and duty
and a conflict of duties.

Any terms determined by the Directors or the Shareholders under paragraph (a)(i) or (a)(ii) may be
imposed at the time of the authorisation or may be imposed or varied subsequently by either the
Directors (with Investor Consent) or the Shareholders and may include (without limitation):

(i) whether the interested Directors may vote (and be counted in the quorum at any meeting) in
relation to any decision relating to the Relevant Situation;

(ii) the exclusion of the interested Directors from all information and discussion by the Company
of the Relevant Situation; and

(iii) (without prejudice to the general obligations of confidentiality) the application to the
interested Directors of a strict duty of confidentiality to the Company for any confidential
information of the Company in relation to the Relevant Situation.

Any authorisation given under paragraph (a)(i) or (a)(ii) above may be withdrawn by either the
Directors (with Investor Consent) or the Shareholders by giving notice to the Director concerned.

An interested Director must act in accordance with any terms determined by the Directors or the
Shareholders under paragraph (a)(i) or (a)(ii) above.

Except as specified in paragraph (a) above, any proposal made to the Directors and any authorisation
by the Directors (with Investor Consent) in relation to a Relevant Situation shall be dealt with in the
same way as any other matter may be proposed to and decided by the Directors in accordance with the
Articles.

Any authorisation of a Relevant Situation given by the Directors (with Investor Consent) or the
Shareholders under paragraph (a) above may provide that, where the interested Director obtains (other
than through the Director's position as a Director of the Company) information that is confidential to
a third party, the Director will not be obliged to disclose it to the Company or to use it in relation to
the Company's affairs in circumstances where to do so would amount to a breach of that confidence.

(i) If the Directors (with Investor Consent) make an authorisation under paragraph (a) above,
impose or vary the terms of an authorisation under paragraph (c) above, or withdraw an
authorisation under paragraph (d) above, they shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, notify
the Shareholders of this fact and provide, where applicable, any relevant particulars regarding
the authorisation or its terms.

(ii) If the Shareholders make an authorisation under paragraph (a) above, impose or vary the terms
of an authorisation under paragraph (c) above, or withdraw an authorisation under
paragraph (d) above, they shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, notify the Directors of this
fact and provide, where applicable, any relevant particulars regarding the authorisation or its
terms.

(a A Director shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, declare the nature and extent of the
Director's interest in a Relevant Situation within paragraph (a)(i) or (a)(ii) above to the other
Directors and the Shareholders.

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 20


===== page 25 =====
Failure to comply with this requirement does not affect the underlying duty to make the
declaration of interest.

(ii) If a declaration of interest in relation to a Relevant Situation proves to be, or becomes,
inaccurate or incomplete, a further declaration must be made.

22. Directors’ interests generally and voting

(a) Subject to the Companies Act and to Articles 19 (Directors! interests in relation to transactions or
arrangements with the Company) and 21 (Directors' interests other than in relation to transactions or
arrangements with the Company), a Director notwithstanding holding the office of Director:

(@ may be a party to, or otherwise interested or participate in, any transaction or arrangement
with the Company or in which the Company is otherwise interested;

(ii) may act personally or by the Director's firm in a professional capacity for the Company (except
as auditor) and the Director or the Director's firm shall be entitled to remuneration as if the
Director were not a Director;

(iii) may be a Director or other officer of, or Employed by, or a party to any transaction or
arrangement with, or otherwise interested in, any body corporate promoted by the Company
or in which the Company is otherwise interested; and

(iv) shall not, by reason of holding the office of Director (or of the fiduciary relationship
established by holding that office), be accountable to the Company for any remuneration,
profit or other benefit resulting from any Inherent Conflict authorised under Article 20
(Inherent Conflicts), any Relevant Situation authorised under Article 21 (Directors' interests
other than in relation to transactions or arrangements with the Company) or any interest
permitted under paragraph (a)(i), (a)(ii), or (a)(iii) above, and no contract, transaction or
arrangement shall be liable to be avoided on the grounds of any Director having an interest
authorised under Article 20 (Inherent Conflicts), Article 21 (Directors' interests other than in
relation to transactions or arrangements with the Company) or permitted under
paragraph (a)(i), (a)(ii) or (a)(iii) above.

(b) Subject to Articles 19 (Directors' interests in relation to transactions or arrangements with the
Company) and 21 (Directors' interests other than in relation to transactions or arrangements with the
Company) and to paragraph (c) below, a Director shall be entitled to vote on any decision concerning
any matter in which the Director has, directly or indirectly, an interest or a duty.

(c) The provisions of paragraph (b) above shall not apply if or to the extent that any matter to be decided
upon by the Directors relates to:

@ the Company or any of its Subsidiaries enforcing rights under or taking any action against the
relevant Shareholder in relation to any matter arising under any agreement from time to time
entered into between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and a Shareholder;

(ii) the Company defending itself against any action taken against it by the relevant Shareholder;

(iii) the Company (with Investor Consent) taking any action against a Director appointed by the
relevant Shareholder in relation to any (or any alleged) breach of duty by that Director; or

(iv) the Company defending itself against any action taken against it by a Director appointed by
the relevant Shareholder.

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 21


===== page 26 =====
(d)

(e)

23.

24,

25.

26.

27.

In those circumstances, the Director appointed by the relevant Shareholder shall not be entitled to:
(i) attend any meeting to discuss or participate in any discussion of that matter;

(ii) receive information or advice received by the Company on such matter; or

(iii) vote (or be counted in the quorum at any meeting) in relation to such matter.

In the case of an Alternate Director, an interest of the Alternate's Appointor shall be treated as an
interest of the Alternate in addition to any interest which the Alternate otherwise has.

Subject to the Companies Act, the Company may, by ordinary resolution or by notice in writing given
to the Company by the holders of a majority of the Ordinary Shares of the Company, suspend or relax
the provisions of this Article 22 to any extent or ratify any contract, transaction or arrangement not
duly authorised by reason of a contravention of this Article 22.

APPOINTMENT, REMOVAL AND REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS
Number of Directors

The number of Directors (including Investor Directors but excluding Alternate Directors) shall not,
unless otherwise determined by an ordinary resolution of the Company, be subject to any maximum
but shall not be less than two.

Appointment and removal of Directors and Investor Directors by Majority A Holders

The Majority A Holders are entitled, from time to time, by notice in writing given to the Company, to
appoint any number of persons as Directors of the Company and remove from office any such Director
and, if desired, appoint another in such Director's place. Directors so appointed may, if so specified
by the Majority A Holders, be designated as Investor Directors.

Appointment and removal of Chair

The Chair of the Board shall be such Director as may from time to time be nominated as such by the
Majority A Holders, who may remove such person from office and appoint another in such Director's
place.

Observer

The Majority A Holders may also appoint an Observer. An Observer must be given, and is entitled
access to, the same documents and information as a director of the Company, and is entitled to receive
notice of and attend and speak at, but not to vote at, meetings of the board of the Company. This right
extends to meetings of any committee of Company. This right shall extend to meeting of the Boards
of such Subsidiaries of the Company as the Observer may specific and to meetings of such committees
of such Subsidiaries as the Observer may specify. No fee (or additional fee) shall be payable by the
Company to, or in respect of, any person acting as an Observer.

Formalities of appointment

Every appointment or removal under Articles 24 (Appointment and removal of Directors and Investor
Directors by Majority A Holders) to 26 (Observer) shall be made in writing signed by or on behalf of
the Majority A Holders and shall take effect on and from the date on which the notice of appointment
or removal is lodged at the registered office of the Company or produced at a meeting of the Directors.

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 22


===== page 27 =====
28.

29.

(a)

(b)

(c)
(d)

30.

Termination of Director's appointment
A person ceases to be a Director as soon as:
(a) that person is removed from office in accordance with the provisions of these Articles;

(b) that person ceases to be a Director by virtue of any provision of the Companies Act or is
prohibited from being a Director by law;

(c) a bankruptcy order is made against that person;

(d) a composition is made with that person's creditors generally in satisfaction of that person's
debts;
(e) a registered medical practitioner who has examined the Director gives a written opinion to the

Company stating that that person has become physically or mentally incapable of acting as a
Director and may remain so for more than three months; or

(f) notification is received by the Company from the Director that the Director is resigning from
office, and such resignation has taken effect in accordance with its terms.

Directors’ services and remuneration

Directors may undertake any services for the Company that the Directors decide and the Company
may enter into a contract of service with any Director on such terms as the Directors think fit.

Directors are entitled to such remuneration as the Board (acting with Investor Consent) determines:
(i) for their services to the Company as Directors; and

(ii) for any other service which they undertake for the Company.

Subject to the Articles, a Director's remuneration may take any form.

Unless the Directors decide otherwise (with Investor Consent), Directors' remuneration accrues from
day to day.

Directors' expenses

The Company may pay any reasonable expenses (including, without limitation, travel, subsistence and
accommodation expenses) which the Investor Directors, Alternate Directors, Observers (if any)
properly incur in connection with the performance of their duties as an Investor Director, Alternate
Director or Observer (as applicable), including, without limitation, their attendance at:

(a) meetings of Directors or committees of Directors;

(b) general meetings; or

(c) separate meetings of the holders of any class of Shares or of debentures of the Company,

or otherwise in connection with the exercise of their powers and the discharge of their responsibilities

in relation to the Company, following the submission of an expenses claim in accordance with the
expenses policy of the Company or such other Group Company.

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 23


===== page 28 =====
31.

(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

32.

(a)

(b)

(c)

ALTERNATE DIRECTORS
Appointment and removal of Alternates
Any Investor Director (the Appointor) may appoint an any person as their Alternate to:
(i) exercise that Investor Director's powers; and
(ii) carry out that Investor Director's responsibilities,

in relation to the taking of decisions by the Investor Directors in the absence of the Alternate's
Appointor, and may remove a person appointed as an Investor Director's Alternate.

Any appointment or removal of an Alternate must be effected by notice in writing to the Company
signed by the Appointor, or in any other manner approved by the Directors.

The notice must:
(i) identify the proposed Alternate; and

(ii) in the case of a notice of appointment, contain a statement signed by the proposed Alternate
that the proposed Alternate is willing to act as the Alternate of the Director giving the notice.

No fee (or additional fee) shall be payable by the Company to, or in respect of, any person acting as
an Investor Director's alternate.

Rights and responsibilities of Alternate Directors

Subject to the Articles, an Alternate may act as an Alternate Director to more than one Investor
Director and has the same rights, in relation to any decision of the Directors as the Alternate's
Appointor.

Except as the Articles specify otherwise, Alternate Directors:

@ are deemed for all purposes to be Directors and Investor Directors (where applicable);

(ii) are liable for their own acts and omissions;

(iii) are subject to the same restrictions as their Appointors; and

(iv) are not deemed to be agents of or for their Appointors,

and, in particular, each Alternate Director shall be entitled to receive notice of all Directors' meetings
and of all committee meetings of Directors of which the Alternate Director's Appointor is a member.

Subject to the Articles, a person who is an Alternate Director but not a Director:

(i) may be counted as participating for the purposes of determining whether a quorum is present
(but only if that person's Appointor is not participating); and

(ii) may otherwise participate in a unanimous decision of the Directors (but only if the Alternate
Director's Appointor is an Eligible Director in relation to that decision and is not participating).

No Alternate may be counted as more than one Director for such purposes.

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 24


===== page 29 =====
33.

34,

35.

(a)

(b)

36.

37.

(a)

Alternates voting at Directors' meetings

Subject to the Articles, a Director who is also an Alternate Director has an additional vote at a
Directors' meeting on behalf of each Appointor who:

(a) is not participating in the Directors' meeting; and
(b) would have been an Eligible Director if participating in it personally.

No Alternate may be counted as more than one Director for the purpose of determining whether a
quorum is present.

Termination of alternate directorship

Subject to any other decision by the Directors, an Alternate Director's appointment as an Alternate
terminates:

(a) when the Alternate's Appointor revokes the appointment by notice to the Company in writing
specifying when it is to terminate;

(b) on the occurrence in relation to the Alternate of any event which, if it occurred in relation to
the Alternate's Appointor, would result in the termination of the Appointor's appointment as a
Director;

(c) on the death of the Alternate's Appointor;

(d) when the Alternate's Appointor's appointment as a Director terminates; or

(e) (other than in relation to an Alternate appointed by an Investor Director) where the Directors
so decide.

SHARES - GENERAL
Share capital
The share capital of the Company is divided into Priority Shares, MRP Strip Shares, MRP Shares, A
Shares, B Shares, C Shares and D Shares. The Priority Shares, MRP Strip Shares, MRP Shares, A
Shares, B Shares, C Shares and D Shares shall be separate classes of Shares and shall have the rights

and restrictions set out in these Articles.

The Company shall be authorised to alter, convert, reclassify or re-designate any class of Shares into
another class of Shares subject to prior written Investor Consent and the requirements of the Act.

Purchase of own shares

Subject to the Companies Act and to any rights conferred on the holders of any class of Shares, the
Company may purchase all or any of its Shares of any class, including any redeemable Shares, in each
case issued from time to time.

All Shares to be fully paid up

No share is to be issued for less than the aggregate of its nominal value and any premium to be paid
to the Company in consideration for its issue.

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 25


===== page 30 =====
(b)

38.
(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)
(e)

(f)

39.

40.

(a)

(b)

(c)

This does not apply to Shares taken on the formation of the Company by the subscribers to the
Company's memorandum.

Powers to allot Shares

Subject to the Articles but without prejudice to paragraph (b) below or to the rights attached to any
existing Share, the Company may (with Investor Consent) authorise the Directors to issue further
classes of shares with such rights or restrictions as may be determined by ordinary resolution.

The Directors, with Investor Consent, are generally and unconditionally authorised, in accordance with
section 551 of the Companies Act, to exercise all the powers of the Company to allot shares in the
Company or to grant rights to subscribe for or convert any security into shares in the Company, up to
a maximum nominal amount of £10,000,000.

The authority contained in paragraph (b) above shall expire on the day five years after the date the
adoption of these Articles but the Company may, before the authority expires and with Investor

Consent, make an offer or agreement which would or might require shares to be allotted or rights to
be granted after it expires.

Sections 561 and 562 of the Companies Act are excluded.
The Company may, with Investor Consent, authorise the Directors to issue shares which are to be
redeemed, or are liable to be redeemed at the option of the Company or the holder, and the Company

by ordinary resolution may, with Investor Consent, determine the terms, conditions and manner of
redemption of any such shares.

If the rights and restrictions attaching to shares are determined by ordinary resolution, pursuant to this
Article, those rights and restrictions shall apply, in particular in place of any rights or restrictions that
would otherwise apply by virtue of the Companies Act in the absence of any provisions in the Articles
of a Company, as if those rights and restrictions were set out in the Articles.

Company not bound by less than absolute interests

Except as required by law, no person is to be recognised by the Company as holding any Share upon
any trust, and except as otherwise required by law or the Articles, the Company is not in any way to
be bound by or recognise any interest in a Share other than the holder's absolute ownership of it and
all the rights attaching to it.

Share certificates

The Company must issue each Shareholder, free of charge, with one or more certificates in respect of
the Shares which that Shareholder holds.

Every certificate must specify:

(i) in respect of how many Shares, of what class, it is issued;
(ii) the nominal value of those Shares;

(iii) that the Shares are fully paid; and

(iv) any distinguishing numbers assigned to them.

No certificate may be issued in respect of Shares of more than one class.

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 26


===== page 31 =====
(d)
(e)

41.

(a)

(b)

42.

43.

If more than one person holds a Share, only one certificate may be issued in respect of it.
Certificates must:

(i) have affixed to them the Company's common or official seal and in the case of an official seal,
unless otherwise determined by the Directors, the certificate does not need to be signed; or

(ii) be otherwise executed in accordance with the Companies Act.

Replacement share certificates

If a certificate issued in respect of a Shareholder’s Shares is:

(i) damaged or defaced; or

(ii) said to be lost, stolen or destroyed,

that Shareholder is entitled to be issued with a replacement certificate in respect of the same Shares.
A Shareholder exercising the right to be issued with such a replacement certificate:

(i) may at the same time exercise the right to be issued with a single certificate or separate
certificates;

(ii) must return the certificate which is to be replaced to the Company if it is damaged or defaced;
and

(iii) must comply with such conditions as to evidence, indemnity and the payment of a reasonable
fee as the Directors decide.

SHARE RIGHTS AND RESTRICTIONS

Income rights

Subject to:
(a) any restrictions contained in the Finance Documents; and
(b) the Board (with Investor Consent) recommending the payment of the same,

any distributions to be made by the Company shall be determined and allocated to the holders of
Securities in accordance with Article 44 (Waterfall Event), provided that (A) the D Shares shall have
no right to participate in any distribution which the Company may determine with respect to any other
Shares in accordance with this Article 42 (Income rights); and (B) the Priority Shares and MRP Priority
Shares shall have no right to participate in any distribution which the Company may determine with
respect to any other Shares in accordance with this Article, but, subject to the Board (acting
reasonably) recommending payment of the same (with Investor Consent), the Company may
determine to distribute Available Profits among the holders of the Priority Shares and MRP Priority
Shares in accordance with Article 44 (Waterfall Event).

Vesting of MRP Strip Shares
Until an Exit, at which point all MRP Strip Shares shall be deemed to be Vested MRP Strip Shares (as

defined below), the MRP Strip Shares shall be subject to the following vesting schedule for the
purposes of Articles 44 (Waterfall Event) (MRP Vesting):

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 27


===== page 32 =====
44,

(a)

(b)

(i)

(ii)

in respect of the MRP Priority Shares: (i) 0% vested from (and including) the date the MRP
Priority Shareholder first acquired MRP Priority Shares (or at the date the Employee Trust
first acquired the MRP Priority Shares on the MRP Priority Shareholder’s behalf) up to (and
including) the MRP Vesting Date (the Unvested MRP Priority Shares); and (ii) 100% vested
after the MRP Vesting Date (the Vested MRP Priority Shares); and

in respect of the MRP Ordinary Shares: (i) 0% vested from (and including) the date the MRP
Ordinary Shareholder first acquired MRP Ordinary Shares (or at the date the Employee Trust
first acquired the MRP Ordinary Shares on the MRP Ordinary Shareholder’s behalf) up to
(and including) the MRP Vesting Date (the Unvested MRP Ordinary Shares); and (ii) 100%
vested after the MRP Vesting Date (the Vested MRP Ordinary Shares, and together with
the Vested MRP Priority Shares, the Vested MRP Strip Shares).

Waterfall Event

The rights as regards return of capital attaching to each class of Shares and Loan Notes shall be as set
out in this Article 44.

Subject to Article 44(h), on an Exit or a return of capital to Shareholders (a Waterfall Event), the
aggregate proceeds distributable or payable to holders of Securities after payment of all third party
transaction fees, costs and expenses properly incurred by the Group in connection with the Waterfall
Event (the Value) shall be apportioned between the holders of Securities in the following manner:

@

in paying an aggregate amount of the Value up to (and including) the Baseline Distribution
Amount (whether in one or a series of Waterfall Events), such payments to be made in the
following manner and order of priority):

(A) first:

I. to the holders of the Priority Shares, the Priority Subscription Amount in
respect of all such Priority Shares held by them (the Priority Share
Outstanding Subscription Price);

Il. to the holders of the MRP Priority Shares, the MRP Priority Subscription
Amount in respect of all such MRP Priority Shares held by them (the MRP
Priority Share Outstanding Subscription Price), provided that any such
proceeds attributable to Unvested MRP Priority Shares shall be held in an
Escrow Account (to be released in accordance with the agreed terms of such
Escrow Account on the earlier of: (i) such Unvested MRP Priority Shares
becoming Vested MRP Priority Shares; and (ii) immediately prior to an Exit
event, at which time such proceeds held in the Escrow Account shall be
released to the relevant MRP Priority Shareholders, provided that if any MRP
Priority Shareholder becomes an MRP Leaver prior to the earlier of MRP
Vesting and an Exit event, the proceeds attributable to that MRP Leaver's
Unvested MRP Priority Shares shall be released to the Company); and

TL. to the holders of Loan Notes, the amount equal to the entire principal
outstanding amount of the Loan Notes held by them (the Loan Note
Outstanding Principal),

such payments in Articles 44(b)(i)(A)I, 44(b)(i)(A)II and 44(b)(i)(A)IIT above to be
made pari passu as if the Priority Shares, the MRP Priority Shares and the Loan Notes
constituted one class of Security and as between the holders of Priority Shares, MRP
Priority Shares and the Loan Notes, pro rata to the aggregate amount of the Priority
Share Outstanding Subscription Price, MRP Priority Share Outstanding Subscription

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 28


===== page 33 =====
Price and Loan Note Outstanding Principal (as applicable) owed to them in respect of
the Priority Shares, the MRP Priority Shares and Loan Notes held by each relevant
holder respectively;

(B) second, to the extent any amounts forming part of the Value up to the Baseline
Distribution Amount remain to be paid following the operation of Article 44(b)(i)(A)
above, in paying:

I. to the holders of the Priority Shares, the Priority Amount accrued as at the
date of the Waterfall Event in respect of all such Priority Shares held by them
(the Outstanding Priority Amount);

IL. to the holders of the MRP Priority Shares, the MRP Priority Amount
(excluding the MRP Priority Conversion Date Amount) accrued as at the date
of the Waterfall Event in respect of all such MRP Priority Shares held by them
(the Outstanding MRP Priority Amount), provided that any such proceeds
attributable to Unvested MRP Priority Shares shall be held in an Escrow
Account (to be released in accordance with the agreed terms of such Escrow
Account on the earlier of: (i) such Unvested MRP Priority Shares becoming
Vested MRP Priority Shares; and (ii) immediately prior to an Exit event, at
which time such proceeds held in the Escrow Account shall be released to the
relevant MRP Priority Shareholders, provided that if any MRP Priority
Shareholder becomes an MRP Leaver prior to the earlier of MRP Vesting and
an Exit event, the proceeds attributable to that MRP Leaver's Unvested MRP
Priority Shares shall be released to the Company); and

TI. to the holders of Loan Notes, the amount equal to all unpaid arrears or
accruals of any interest as at the date of the Waterfall Event in respect of the
Loan Notes held by them (the Outstanding Loan Note Interest),

such payments in Articles 44(b)(i)(B)L, 44(b)(i)(B)II and 44(b)(i)(B)III above to be
made pari passu as if the Priority Shares, the MRP Priority Shares and the Loan Notes
constituted one class of Security and as between the holders of Priority Shares, MRP
Priority Shares and the Loan Notes, pro rata to the aggregate amount of the
Outstanding Priority Amount, the Outstanding MRP Priority Amount and
Outstanding Loan Note Interest (as applicable) owed to them in respect of the Priority
Shares, MRP Priority Shares and Loan Notes held by each relevant holder
respectively;

(C) third, to the extent any amounts forming part of the Value up to the Baseline
Distribution Amount remain to be distributed following the operation of
Article 44(b)(i)(A) and Article 44(b)(i)(B) above, all such amounts up to the Initial
Amount shall be distributed among the A Shareholders, B Shareholders, MRP
Ordinary Shareholders and C Shareholders pari passu as if the A Shares, B Shares,
MRP Ordinary Shares and C Shares constituted one class of Share, pro rata to the
number of A Shares, B Shares, MRP Ordinary Shares and C Shares held by them
respectively, provided that any such proceeds attributable to Unvested MRP Ordinary
Shares shall be held in an Escrow Account (to be released in accordance with the
agreed terms of such Escrow Account on the earlier of: (i) such Unvested MRP
Ordinary Shares becoming Vested MRP Ordinary Shares; and (ii) immediately prior
to an Exit event, at which time such proceeds held in the Escrow Account shall be
released to the relevant MRP Ordinary Shareholders, provided that if any MRP
Ordinary Shareholder becomes an MRP Leaver prior to the earlier of MRP Vesting

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 29


===== page 34 =====
and an Exit event, the proceeds attributable to that MRP Leaver's Unvested MRP
Ordinary Shares shall be released to the Company); and

(D) fourth, to the extent any amounts forming part of the Value up to the Baseline
Distribution Amount remain to be distributed following the operation of
Articles 44(b)(i)(A), 44(b)(i)(B) and 44(b)(i)(C) above, all such amounts shall be
allocated to the A Shares, B Shares, MRP Ordinary Shares, C Shares and D Shares in
an amount equal to those classes’ respective Balance Percentages, with the amount
allocated to each class being distributed pro rata among the holders of that class,
provided that any such proceeds attributable to Unvested MRP Ordinary Shares shall
be held in an Escrow Account (to be released in accordance with the agreed terms of
such Escrow Account on the earlier of: (i) such Unvested MRP Ordinary Shares
becoming Vested MRP Ordinary Shares; and (ii) immediately prior to an Exit event,
at which time such proceeds held in the Escrow Account shall be released to the
relevant MRP Ordinary Shareholders, provided that if any MRP Ordinary Shareholder
becomes an MRP Leaver prior to the earlier of MRP Vesting and an Exit event, the
proceeds attributable to that MRP Leaver's Unvested MRP Ordinary Shares shall be
released to the Company); and

(ii) in paying an aggregate amount of the Value above the Baseline Distribution Amount and up
to the Hurdle Distribution Amount, an amount up to the difference between the Hurdle
Distribution Amount and the Baseline Distribution Amount (such amount being no more than
£11,086,474 (the Maximum MRP Share Distribution Entitlement)) (whether in one or a
series of Waterfall Events), shall be made in the following manner:

(A) in circumstances where no Book Up Event has occurred prior to the Waterfall
Event(s), an amount equal to the Maximum MRP Share Distribution Entitlement shall
be paid to the holders of MRP Shares in issue at such time, pro rata to the number of
MRP Shares held by each MRP Shareholder (any such payment up to the Maximum
MRP Share Distribution Entitlement, being an MRP Share Distribution
Entitlement) provided that: (i) such payment shall be satisfied by a Distribution
Conversion pursuant to Article 45 (Distribution Conversion); and (ii) the Maximum
MRP Share Distribution Entitlement payable to the MRP Shares shall be reduced by
each MRP Share Distribution Entitlement previously paid to the MRP Shares pursuant
to this Article 44 (with a worked example set out in Article 45 (Distribution
Conversion)); or

(B) in circumstances where a Book Up Event has occurred prior to such Waterfall
Event(s), an amount equal to the sum of (i) the Maximum MRP Share Distribution
Entitlement(s) less (ii) any MRP Share Distribution Entitlements previously paid to
the MRP Shares in accordance with Article 44(b)(ii)(A) above shall be paid in the
following manner and order of priority:

I. first:

(0) to the holders of the Priority Shares, any remaining amounts in
respect of the Priority Share Outstanding Subscription Price in
respect of all such Priority Shares held by them, to the extent not
already paid pursuant to Article 44(b)(i)(A)I above;

(2) to the holders of the MRP Priority Shares, any remaining amounts in
respect of the MRP Priority Share Outstanding Subscription Price in
respect of all such MRP Priority Shares held by them, to the extent
not already paid pursuant to Article 44(b)(i)(A)II above, provided

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 30


===== page 35 =====
that any such proceeds attributable to Unvested MRP Priority Shares
shall be held in an Escrow Account (to be released in accordance with
the agreed terms of such Escrow Account on the earlier of: (i) such
Unvested MRP Priority Shares becoming Vested MRP Priority
Shares; and (ii) immediately prior to an Exit event, at which time such
proceeds held in the Escrow Account shall be released to the relevant
MRP Priority Shareholders, provided that if any MRP Priority
Shareholder becomes an MRP Leaver prior to the earlier of MRP
Vesting and an Exit event, the proceeds attributable to that MRP
Leaver's Unvested MRP Priority Shares shall be released to the
Company); and

(3) to the holders of Loan Notes, any remaining amounts in respect of the
Loan Note Outstanding Principal of the Loan Notes held by them, to
the extent not already paid pursuant to Article 44(b)(i)(A)III above,

such payments in Articles 44(b)(ii)(B)I(1), 44(b)(ii)(B)I2) and
44(b)(ii)(B)I(3) above to be made pari passu as if the Priority Shares, the
MRP Priority Shares and the Loan Notes constituted one class of Security and
as between the holders of Priority Shares, MRP Priority Shares and the Loan
Notes, pro rata to the remaining aggregate amount of the Priority Share
Outstanding Subscription Price, MRP Priority Share Outstanding
Subscription Price and Loan Note Outstanding Principal (as applicable) owed
to them in respect of the Priority Shares, the MRP Priority Shares and Loan
Notes held by each relevant holder respectively following the operation of
Article 44(b)(i)(A) above;

Il. second, to the extent any amounts forming part of the Value remain to be paid
following the operation of Article 44(b)(ii)(B)I above, in paying:

qd) to the holders of the Priority Shares, any remaining amounts in
respect of the Outstanding Priority Amount held by them, to the
extent not already paid pursuant to Article 44(b)(i)(B)I above;

(2) to the holders of the MRP Priority Shares, any remaining amounts in
respect of the Outstanding MRP Priority Amount held by them, to the
extent not already paid pursuant to Article 44(b)(i)(B)II above,
provided that any such proceeds attributable to Unvested MRP
Priority Shares shall be held in an Escrow Account (to be released in
accordance with the agreed terms of such Escrow Account on the
earlier of: (i) such Unvested MRP Priority Shares becoming Vested
MRP Priority Shares; and (ii) immediately prior to an Exit event, at
which time such proceeds held in the Escrow Account shall be
released to the relevant MRP Priority Shareholders, provided that if
any MRP Priority Shareholder becomes an MRP Leaver prior to the
earlier of MRP Vesting and an Exit event, the proceeds attributable
to that MRP Leaver's Unvested MRP Priority Shares shall be released
to the Company); and

(3) to the holders of Loan Notes, any remaining amounts in respect of the

Outstanding Loan Note Interest held by them, to the extent not
already paid pursuant to Article 44(b)(i)(B)III above,

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 31


===== page 36 =====
such payments in Articles 44(b)(ii)(B)II(1), 44(b)(@ii)(B)I(2) and
44(b)(ii)(B)II(3) to be made pari passu as if the Priority Shares, the MRP
Priority Shares and the Loan Notes constituted one class of Security and as
between the holders of Priority Shares, MRP Priority Shares and the Loan
Notes, pro rata to the remaining aggregate amount of the Outstanding Priority
Amount, the Outstanding MRP Priority Amount and Outstanding Loan Note
Interest (as applicable) owed to them in respect of the Priority Shares, MRP
Priority Shares and Loan Notes held by each relevant holder respectively
following the operation of Article 44(b)(i)(B) above;

Til. thirdly, to the extent any amounts forming part of the Value remain to be paid
following the operation of Articles 44(b)(ii)(B)I and 44(b)(ii)(B)II above, all
such amounts up to the Initial Amount shall be distributed among the A
Shareholders, B Shareholders, MRP Ordinary Shareholders and C
Shareholders pari passu as if the A Shares, B Shares, MRP Ordinary Shares
and C Shares constituted one class of Share, pro rata to the number of A
Shares, B Shares, MRP Ordinary Shares and C Shares held by them
respectively, provided that any such proceeds attributable to Unvested MRP
Ordinary Shares shall be held in an Escrow Account (to be released in
accordance with the agreed terms of such Escrow Account on the earlier of:
(i) such Unvested MRP Ordinary Shares becoming Vested MRP Ordinary
Shares; and (ii) immediately prior to an Exit event, at which time such
proceeds held in the Escrow Account shall be released to the relevant MRP
Ordinary Shareholders, provided that if any MRP Ordinary Shareholder
becomes an MRP Leaver prior to the earlier of MRP Vesting and an Exit
event, the proceeds attributable to that MRP Leaver's Unvested MRP
Ordinary Shares shall be released to the Company); and

Iv. fourthly, to the extent any amounts forming part of the Value remain to be
paid following the operation of Articles 44(b)(ii)(B)I, 44(b)(ii)(B)I and
44(b)(ii)(B)II above, all such amounts shall be allocated to the A Shares, B
Shares, MRP Ordinary Shares, C Shares and D Shares in an amount equal to
those classes’ respective Balance Percentages, with the amount allocated to
each class being distributed pro rata among the holders of that class, provided
that any such proceeds attributable to Unvested MRP Ordinary Shares shall
be held in an Escrow Account (to be released in accordance with the agreed
terms of such Escrow Account on the earlier of: (i) such Unvested MRP
Ordinary Shares becoming Vested MRP Ordinary Shares; and (ii)
immediately prior to an Exit event, at which time such proceeds held in the
Escrow Account shall be released to the relevant MRP Ordinary
Shareholders, provided that if any MRP Ordinary Shareholder becomes an
MRP Leaver prior to the earlier of MRP Vesting and an Exit event, the
proceeds attributable to that MRP Leaver's Unvested MRP Ordinary Shares
shall be released to the Company); and

(iii) in paying an aggregate amount of the Value above the Hurdle Distribution Amount (whether
in one or a series of Waterfall Events), such payments to be made in the following manner and
order of priority:

(A) first:

I. to the holders of the Priority Shares, any remaining amounts in respect of the
Priority Share Outstanding Subscription Price in respect of all such Priority

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 32


===== page 37 =====
Shares held by them, to the extent not already paid pursuant to
Articles 44(b)(i)(A)I and 44(b)(ii)(B)I(1) above;

Il. to the holders of the MRP Priority Shares, any remaining amounts in respect
of the MRP Priority Share Outstanding Subscription Price in respect of all
such MRP Priority Shares held by them, to the extent not already paid
pursuant to Articles 44(b)(i)(A)II and 44(b)(ii)(B)I(2) above, provided that
any such proceeds attributable to Unvested MRP Priority Shares shall be held
in an Escrow Account (to be released in accordance with the agreed terms of
such Escrow Account on the earlier of: (i) such Unvested MRP Priority
Shares becoming Vested MRP Priority Shares; and (ii) immediately prior to
an Exit event, at which time such proceeds held in the Escrow Account shall
be released to the relevant MRP Priority Shareholders, provided that if any
MRP Priority Shareholder becomes an MRP Leaver prior to the earlier of
MRP Vesting and an Exit event, the proceeds attributable to that MRP
Leaver's Unvested MRP Priority Shares shall be released to the Company);
and

Ill. to the holders of Loan Notes, any remaining amounts in respect of the Loan
Note Outstanding Principal of the Loan Notes held by them, to the extent not
already paid pursuant to Articles 44(b)(i)(A)III and 44(b)(ii)(B)I(3) above,

such payments in Articles 44(b)(iii)(A)I, 44(b)(iii)(A)I and 44(b)(iii)(A) III above to
be made pari passu as if the Priority Shares, the MRP Priority Shares and the Loan
Notes constituted one class of Security and as between the holders of Priority Shares,
MRP Priority Shares and the Loan Notes, pro rata to the remaining aggregate amount
of the Priority Share Outstanding Subscription Price, MRP Priority Share Outstanding
Subscription Price and Loan Note Outstanding Principal (as applicable) owed to them
in respect of the Priority Shares, the MRP Priority Shares and Loan Notes held by
each relevant holder respectively following the operation of Articles 44(b)(i)(A) and
44(b)(ii)(B)I above;

(B) second, to the extent any amounts forming part of the Value remain to be paid
following the operation of Article 44(b)(iii)(A) above, in paying:

I. to the holders of the Priority Shares, any remaining amounts in respect of the
Outstanding Priority Amount held by them, to the extent not already paid
pursuant to Articles 44(b)(i)(B)I and 44(b)(ii)(B)II(1) above;

IL. to the holders of the MRP Priority Shares, any remaining amounts in respect
of the Outstanding MRP Priority Amount held by them, to the extent not
already paid pursuant to Articles 44(b)(i)(B)II and 44(b)(ii)(B)II(2) above,
provided that any such proceeds attributable to Unvested MRP Priority Shares
shall be held in an Escrow Account (to be released in accordance with the
agreed terms of such Escrow Account on the earlier of: (i) such Unvested
MRP Priority Shares becoming Vested MRP Priority Shares; and (ii)
immediately prior to an Exit event, at which time such proceeds held in the
Escrow Account shall be released to the relevant MRP Priority Shareholders,
provided that if any MRP Priority Shareholder becomes an MRP Leaver prior
to the earlier of MRP Vesting and an Exit event, the proceeds attributable to
that MRP Leaver's Unvested MRP Priority Shares shall be released to the
Company); and

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 33


===== page 38 =====
(C)

(D)

TIL. to the holders of Loan Notes, any remaining amounts in respect of the
Outstanding Loan Note Interest held by them, to the extent not already paid
pursuant to Articles 44(b)(i)(B)III and 44(b)(ii)(B)II(3) above,

such payments in Articles 44(b)(iii)(B)I, 44(b)(iii)(B)II and 44(b)(iii)(B)III above to
be made pari passu as if the Priority Shares, the MRP Priority Shares and the Loan
Notes constituted one class of Security and as between the holders of Priority Shares,
MRP Priority Shares and the Loan Notes, pro rata to the remaining aggregate amount
of the Outstanding Priority Amount, the Outstanding MRP Priority Amount and
Outstanding Loan Note Interest (as applicable) owed to them in respect of the Priority
Shares, MRP Priority Shares and Loan Notes held by each relevant holder respectively
following the operation of Articles 44(b)(i)(B) and 44(b)(ii)(B)II above;

thirdly, to the extent any amounts forming part of the Value remain to be paid
following the operation of Articles 44(b)(iii)(A) and 44(b)(iii)(B) above, all such
amounts up to the Initial Amount shall be distributed among the A Shareholders, B
Shareholders, MRP Ordinary Shareholders and C Shareholders pari passu as if the A
Shares, B Shares, MRP Ordinary Shares and C Shares constituted one class of Share,
pro rata to the number of A Shares, B Shares, MRP Ordinary Shares and C Shares
held by them respectively, provided that any such proceeds attributable to Unvested
MRP Ordinary Shares shall be held in an Escrow Account (to be released in
accordance with the agreed terms of such Escrow Account on the earlier of: (i) such
Unvested MRP Ordinary Shares becoming Vested MRP Ordinary Shares; and (ii)
immediately prior to an Exit event, at which time such proceeds held in the Escrow
Account shall be released to the relevant MRP Ordinary Shareholders, provided that
if any MRP Ordinary Shareholder becomes an MRP Leaver prior to the earlier of
MRP Vesting and an Exit event, the proceeds attributable to that MRP Leaver's
Unvested MRP Ordinary Shares shall be released to the Company); and

fourthly, to the extent any amounts forming part of the Value remain to be paid
following the operation of Articles 44(b)(iii)(A), 44(b)(iii)(B) and 44(b)(iii)(C) above,
all such amounts shall be allocated to the A Shares, B Shares, MRP Ordinary Shares,
C Shares and D Shares in an amount equal to those classes’ respective Balance
Percentages, with the amount allocated to each class being distributed pro rata among
the holders of that class, provided that any such proceeds attributable to Unvested
MRP Ordinary Shares shall be held in an Escrow Account (to be released in
accordance with the agreed terms of such Escrow Account on the earlier of: (i) such
Unvested MRP Ordinary Shares becoming Vested MRP Ordinary Shares; and (ii)
immediately prior to an Exit event, at which time such proceeds held in the Escrow
Account shall be released to the relevant MRP Ordinary Shareholders, provided that
if any MRP Ordinary Shareholder becomes an MRP Leaver prior to the earlier of
MRP Vesting and an Exit event, the proceeds attributable to that MRP Leaver's
Unvested MRP Ordinary Shares shall be released to the Company); and

(c) The Balance Percentage applicable to the D Shares in accordance with Articles 44(b)(i)(D),
44(b)(ii)(B)IV and 44(b)(iii)(D) above (if applicable) (the D Balance Percentage) shall be:

@)

calculated on an increasing straight line basis between zero (0) percentage points (where the
aggregate amount of the Value distributed to the A Shareholders, B Shareholders, MRP
Ordinary Shareholders and C Shareholders in accordance with Articles 44(b)(i)(C),
44(b)(ii)(B) II and 44(b)(iii)(C) above results in the Investors’ Group actually realising in cash
terms, when aggregated with all Investors Equity Proceeds received in cash terms by the
Investors’ Group from the Completion Date, an Investors Return of 3) and up to the maximum
percentage points of five (5) (where the aggregate amount of the Value distributed to the A

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 34


===== page 39 =====
Shareholders, B Shareholders, MRP Ordinary Shareholders and C Shareholders in accordance
with Articles 44(b)(i), 44(b)(ii)(B) and 44(b)(iii) above(including, for the avoidance of doubt,
that Value which remains to be distributed to the A Shareholders, B Shareholders, MRP
Ordinary Shareholders and C Shareholders above the Initial Amount) results in the Investors’
Group actually realising in cash terms, when aggregated with all Investors Equity Proceeds
received in cash terms by the Investors’ Group from the Completion Date, an Investors Return
of 4 or more);

(ii) in circumstances where the aggregate amount of the Value distributed to the A Shareholders,
B Shareholders, MRP Ordinary Shareholders and C Shareholders in accordance with
Articles 44(b)(i), 44(b)(ii)(B) and 44(b)(iii) above (including, for the avoidance of doubt, that
Value which remains to be distributed to the A Shareholders, B Shareholders, MRP Ordinary
Shareholders and C Shareholders above the Initial Amount) results in the Investors’ Group
actually realising in cash terms, when aggregated with all Investors Equity Proceeds received
in cash terms by the Investors’ Group from the Completion Date, an Investors Return of more
than 4, no greater than five (5) percentage points (regardless of how much above the Investors
Return of 4 the Investors’ Group actually achieves); and

(iii) zero (0) percentage points unless the aggregate amount of the Value distributed to the A
Shareholders, B Shareholders, MRP Ordinary Shareholders and C Shareholders in accordance
with Articles 44(b)(i), 44(b)(ii)(B) and 44(b)(iii) above results in the Investors’ Group actually
realising in cash terms, when aggregated with all Investors Equity Proceeds received in cash
terms by the Investors’ Group from the Completion Date, an IRR of 25% or more. For the
avoidance of doubt, in the circumstances where the Investors’ Group achieves an IRR of 25%
or more, then the D Balance Percentage shall be determined in accordance with Article 44(c)(i)
above.

(d) For the purposes of this Article 44 the following definitions shall apply:
Balance Percentage means:

(i) for the A Shares, the percentage that the A Shares in aggregate constitute of the aggregate of:
(A) the total number of A Shares, B Shares, MRP Ordinary Shares and C Shares in issue
immediately prior to the Exit; and (B) minus their pro rata proportion (as between the A
Shares in aggregate, the B Shares in aggregate and the MRP Ordinary Shares in aggregate) of
the D Balance Percentage (the A Balance Percentage);

(ii) for the B Shares, the percentage that the B Shares in aggregate constitute of the aggregate of:
(A) the total number of A Shares, B Shares, MRP Ordinary Shares and C Shares in issue
immediately prior to the Exit; and (B) minus their pro rata proportion (as between the A
Shares in aggregate, the B Shares in aggregate and the MRP Ordinary Shares in aggregate) of
the D Balance Percentage (the B Balance Percentage);

(iii) for the MRP Ordinary Shares, the percentage that the MRP Ordinary Shares in aggregate
constitute of the aggregate of: (A) the total number of A Shares, B Shares, MRP Ordinary
Shares and C Shares in issue immediately prior to the Exit; and (B) minus their pro rata
proportion (as between the A Shares in aggregate, the B Shares in aggregate and the MRP
Ordinary Shares in aggregate) of the D Balance Percentage (the MRP Ordinary Share
Balance Percentage);

(iv) for the C Shares, the percentage that equals: (A) 100 per cent; (B) minus the A Balance
Percentage; (C) minus the B Balance Percentage; (D) minus the MRP Ordinary Share Balance
Percentage; and (E) minus the D Balance Percentage; and

(v) for the D Shares, the D Balance Percentage as calculated in accordance with paragraph (c);

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 35


===== page 40 =====
Initial Amount means the aggregate amount of the Value required to be distributed to the A
Shareholders, B Shareholders, MRP Ordinary Shares and C Shareholders in accordance with
Articles 44(b)(i)(C), 44(b)(ii)(B)III and 44(b)(iii)(C) above (if applicable) that would result in the
Investors‘ Group actually realising in cash terms, when aggregated with all Investors Equity Proceeds
received in cash by the Investors’ Group from the Completion Date, both (A) an Investors Return of 3
and (B) an IRR of 25%;

Investors Equity Proceeds means the aggregate cash amount actually received in cash (without
double counting) by the members of the Investors’ Group in respect of their Securities, expressed in
GBP, including:

(i) any cash proceeds, dividends, distributions, interest, repayments, redemption amounts or
returns of capital received by any member of the Investors’ Group with respect to its
Securities;

(ii) subject to paragraph (iv) below, any cash received by any member of the Investors’ Group
from a third party purchaser of its Securities on an Exit or otherwise; and

(iii) any cash received by any member of the Investors' Group from any non-cash consideration
issued to any member of the Investors’ Group on a Waterfall Event;

but in all cases:

(iv) _ excluding any cash received by any member of the Investors’ Group from any purchaser of its
Securities pursuant to any Syndication;

(v) excluding any arrangement, consultancy or monitoring fees paid pursuant to, and in
accordance with the terms of, the Investment Deed;

(vi) after the deduction of all taxes payable by the Investors directly associated with the Exit
(including any irrecoverable value added tax or stamp duty or their equivalents but not
including any taxes on the income or capital gains of any member of the Investors’ Group);
and

(vii) the Investors Equity Proceeds shall be calculated after having taken into account the operation
of this Article 44 and, therefore, such calculations shall be made on an iterative basis;

Investors Invested Equity means the aggregate of all amounts invested in the Group, expressed in
GBP, from time to time by the Investors’ Group, whether for subscription or acquisition of Securities
(excluding any Securities subsequently transferred by any member of the Investors’ Group to any
purchaser pursuant to any Syndication) and Investment for this purpose means, for the avoidance of
doubt, the making of any cash payment out by any member of the Investors’ Group regardless of and
without reference to any cash amounts previously received as Investors Equity Proceeds or otherwise
by any member of the Investors’ Group;

Investors Return means, as at any date, the number given by dividing (i) the aggregate Investors
Equity Proceeds then actually received in cash by the Investors’ Group by (ii) the aggregate Investors
Invested Equity then paid out by the Investors’ Group up to and including such date; and

IRR means the annual percentage rate by which the Investors Invested Equity (expressed as a negative
number) and the Investors Equity Proceeds (expressed as a positive number) are discounted back
(based on a daily computation) from the first date in which an Investors Invested Equity was paid out
to arrive at an aggregate net present value of zero at the date of the Exit.

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 36


===== page 41 =====
(e)

(f)

(g)

(h)

45.

(a)

The Board shall give at least 10 Business Days written notice to the Investors of the date on which any
Waterfall Event is expected to complete. Such notice shall provide all available information which is
reasonably required in order to perform the calculations set out in paragraph (b) above. At least five
Business Days prior to the completion of the Waterfall Event, the Investors shall notify the Board in
writing of its calculation and the Investors and the Manager and Minority Co-Investor Representative
shall endeavour to agree the calculation in the event of any discrepancy between the Board's and
Investors' calculation.

On each occasion on which any deferred consideration is actually received in cash from a Waterfall
Event or cash is actually received from any non-cash consideration issued to holders of Securities from
a Waterfall Event, the provisions of this Article 44 will be reopened and reapplied by the Board as at
the date of such cash receipt so as to include such amount actually realised in cash as part of the
calculation of Value (for the avoidance of doubt, based on both the actual amount of cash received and
the actual date on which such payment is received in cash for the purposes of such calculation,
provided that the Board shall not reopen or reapply the provisions of this Article 44 which relate to the
MRP Shares). Such consideration will be apportioned between each holder of Securities (excluding
the MRP Shares) so as to reflect such revised calculation of the Value, having regard to the Value
already allocated to them in respect of the previous application of this Article 44 and (if applicable)
the allocation of Value as per the Shareholders’ Balance Percentages in accordance with
Articles 44(b)(i)(D), 44(b)(ii)(B)IV and 44(b)(iii)(D) above, provided always that no Value already
allocated will be reallocated (such that this paragraph (f) will only serve to allocate the deferred
consideration later received in cash).

In the event that any distributions of Value under this Article 44 are made on more than one Waterfall
Event:

(i) each distribution of Value shall be made in accordance with this Article 44 as if it were the
only amount to be distributed and without regard to the amount of any Value expected to be
distributed on any subsequent Waterfall Event; and

(ii) a distribution of Value on any subsequent Waterfall Event shall be made in accordance with
this Article 44 after taking into account any previous distributions of Value made under this
Article 44,

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article 44, the Company acknowledges and agrees that
Midco | shall be entitled, prior to an Exit, to make a partial repayment or redemption of the Loan
Notes (including any accrued and unpaid interest on such Loan Notes) either in one instalment or a
series of instalments in an aggregate amount not exceeding £40,000,000 to the holders of the Loan
Notes only (without any requirement to repay or redeem any other Securities or to make such
repayment or redemption in accordance with Article 44), pro rata to their respective holdings of Loan
Notes (the Pre-Exit Loan Note Repayment), and the Company shall take all necessary action to
procure the implementation of such Pre-Exit Loan Note Repayment. The Company further
acknowledges and agrees that (i) the holders of Priority Shares and MRP Priority Shares shall have no
right to participate in, or receive any payment in respect of, the Pre-Exit Loan Note Repayment; and
(ii) any amounts repaid pursuant to the Pre-Exit Loan Note Repayment shall reduce the Loan Note
Outstanding Principal and Outstanding Loan Note Interest (as applicable) in respect of those Loan
Notes.

Distribution Conversion

If the MRP Shareholders are entitled to any MRP Share Distribution Entitlement pursuant to
Article 44(b)(ii), the Eligible MRP Shares (as defined below) held by each MRP Shareholder shall
automatically convert into such aggregate number of MRP Priority Shares and MRP Ordinary Shares
in the MRP Closing Strip Ratio (as defined below) whose aggregate Subscription Price is equal to that

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 37


===== page 42 =====
MRP Shareholder's pro rata portion of the MRP Share Distribution Entitlement, in full and final
satisfaction of such MRP Share Distribution Entitlement (the Distribution Conversion). By way of
worked examples only:

(i) if a Waterfall Event results in the MRP Shareholders being entitled to an aggregate MRP Share
Distribution Entitlement of £5,543,237, then the number of Eligible MRP Shares of each MRP
Shareholder would be calculated based on an MRP Distribution Proportion of (£5,543,237 /
£11,086,474) resulting in 50% of the MRP Shares held by each MRP Shareholder being
Eligible MRP Shares and automatically converting into MRP Strip Shares whose aggregate
Subscription Price is equal to £5,543,237, and the remaining 50% of the MRP Shares held by
the MRP Shareholders would remain entitled to further MRP Share Distribution Entitlements
(if any) on subsequent Waterfall Events, in an aggregate amount of up to £5,543,237 (or, ifa
Book Up Event occurs, such remaining MRP Shares would be entitled to a Book Up
Conversion based on the Book Up Value); or

(ii) if a Waterfall Event results in the MRP Shareholders being entitled to the Maximum MRP
Share Distribution Entitlement of £11,086,474, then the number of Eligible MRP Shares of
each MRP Shareholder would be calculated based on an MRP Distribution Proportion of
(£11,086,474 / £11,086,474) resulting in 100% of the MRP Shares held by each MRP
Shareholder converting into MRP Strip Shares whose aggregate Subscription Price is equal to
£11,086,474.

(b) Any Distribution Conversion pursuant to this Article 45 shall be made on the following terms:

(@ the Eligible MRP Shares shall convert into MRP Priority Shares and MRP Ordinary Shares in
the following ratio: 109.25262:1 (the MRP Closing Strip Ratio), provided that the number
of MRP Priority Shares and MRP Ordinary Shares issued shall be rounded to the nearest whole
number. See below table by way of a worked example:

MRP conversion to Strip Instruments

109.25262

(ii) as soon as reasonably practicable following a Distribution Conversion, the Company shall
issue to the relevant Shareholders new share certificates for their corresponding MRP Strip
Shares, enter their names in the Company’s register of members as the holders of such MRP
Strip Shares and procure that all relevant filings are complied with (it being understood that

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 38


===== page 43 =====
(c)

(d)

46.

(a)

(b)

(c)

an Employee Trust may hold MRP Shares and any MRP Strip Shares following a Distribution
Conversion on behalf of the relevant beneficial owners of such Shares); and

(iii) each MRP Shareholder shall be deemed to have given written consent prior to any Distribution
Conversion for the purposes of Article 48 (Variation of Share Rights).

Following the satisfaction of the Maximum MRP Share Distribution Entitlement in accordance with
Articles 44 (Waterfall Event) and this Article 45, all MRP Shares shall have been converted to MRP
Strip Shares, the rights of MRP Shares pursuant to Articles 44 (Waterfall Event) to 46 (Book Up
Conversion) (inclusive) shall have been extinguished and the Company shall take all necessary actions
to cancel all of the MRP Shares in issue at that time.

For the purposes of this Article 45 the following definitions shall apply:

Eligible MRP Shares means such number of MRP Shares held by each MRP Shareholder as is equal
to: (i) the total number of MRP Shares held by such MRP Shareholder immediately prior to the relevant
Distribution Conversion; multiplied by (ii) the MRP Distribution Proportion; and

MRP Distribution Proportion means, in relation to any MRP Share Distribution Entitlement, the
proportion equal to: (i) such MRP Share Distribution Entitlement; divided by (ii) the Maximum MRP
Share Distribution Entitlement (being £1 1,086,474).

Book Up Conversion

The Board shall notify the EQV to the MRP Representative in writing as soon as reasonably
practicable following each Quarterly Valuation after the Putter Closing Date, until such time as a Book
Up Event occurs (if any).

If the EQV at any time prior to or on an Exit equals or exceeds the Hurdle EQV (the Book Up Event),
then in such circumstances all of the MRP Shares held by each MRP Shareholder at that time shall
automatically convert into such aggregate number of MRP Priority Shares and MRP Ordinary Shares
in the MRP Closing Strip Ratio whose aggregate Subscription Price is equal to that MRP Shareholder’s
pro rata entitlement of the Book Up Value, in full and final satisfaction of the Book Up Value (the
Book Up Conversion).

Any Book Up Conversion pursuant to this Article 46 shall be made on the following terms:

a the MRP Shares held by each MRP Shareholder at that time shall convert into such number
of MRP Priority Shares and such number of MRP Ordinary Shares as determined by the MRP
Closing Strip Ratio, upon the occurrence of which the rights of MRP Shares pursuant to
Articles 44 (Waterfall Event) to 46 (Book Up Conversion) (inclusive) shall have been
extinguished;

(ii) as soon as reasonably practicable following a Book Up Conversion, the Company shall issue
to the relevant Shareholders new share certificates for their corresponding MRP Strip Shares,
enter their names in the Company's register of members as the holders of such MRP Strip
Shares, procure that all relevant filings are complied with (it being understood that an
Employee Trust may hold MRP Strip Shares following a Book Up Conversion on behalf of
the relevant beneficial owners of such Shares) and take all necessary actions to cancel all of
the MRP Shares in issue at that time; and

(iii) | each MRP Shareholder shall be deemed to have given written consent prior to any Book Up
Conversion for the purposes of Article 48 (Variation of Share Rights).

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 39


===== page 44 =====
47.

(a)

(b)

48.

(a)

(b)

Voting

Every holder of A Shares, every holder of B Shares, every holder of C2 Shares and every holder of
D2 Shares shall have one vote in respect of every Share held by that holder.

The Priority Shares, Cl Shares, D1 Shares, MRP Shares, MRP Priority Shares and MRP Ordinary
Shares shall carry no right to receive notice of, attend or vote in any circumstances at any general
meeting of the Company or vote for the purposes of any written resolution of the Company (other than
in respect of a variation of the class rights of the Priority Shares, C1 Shares, D1 Shares, MRP Shares,
MRP Priority Shares or MRP Ordinary Shares (as applicable) in accordance with Article 48 (Variation
of rights)).

VARIATION OF SHARE RIGHTS
Variation of rights

Subject to paragraph (c) below, whenever the capital of the Company is divided into different classes
of Shares, all or any of the rights for the time being attached to any class of Shares in issue may from
time to time (whether or not the Company is being wound up) be varied with the consent in writing of
the holders of three-fourths in nominal value of the issued Shares of that class or with the sanction of
a special resolution passed at a separate general meeting of the holders of those Shares.

All the provisions of these Articles relating to general meetings of the Company or to the proceedings
at general meetings shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to every such separate general meeting, except that:

@ the quorum at any such meeting (other than an adjourned meeting) shall be two members
present in person or by proxy holding at least one-third in nominal amount of the issued Shares
of the class;

(ii) at an adjourned meeting the quorum shall be one member present in person or by proxy
holding Shares of the class;

(iii) every holder of Shares of the class shall, on a poll, have one vote in respect of every Share of
the class held by that holder; and

(iv) a poll may be demanded by any one holder of Shares of the class whether present in person or
by proxy.

The rights attached to the B Shares, C Shares, D Shares, MRP Shares, MRP Strip Shares and (in the
case of the limb (iv) only, the rights attached to the A Shares) shall be deemed to not be varied by:

(i) the creation or issue of further Shares ranking pari passu with them or in priority to them; or

(ii) the purchase or redemption by the Company of any of its own Shares; or

(iii) any alteration or conversion or reclassification or re-designation of the ordinary share capital
of the Company to create one class of ordinary shares ranking pari passu in all respects

(including as regards income and capital) in connection with a Listing or Restructuring; or

(iv) any alteration or conversion or reclassification or re-designation of any class of Shares into
another class of Shares, with prior written Investor Consent; or

(v) the adoption of new Articles on and with effect from a Listing or Restructuring, provided that,
in the case of a Listing, an investment bank has confirmed to the Company that such Articles

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 40


===== page 45 =====
49,

(a)

(f)

(g)

(hy
@)

50.

(a)

(b)

comply with the rules of the relevant listing authority and are otherwise suitable for a listed
company; or

(vi) the passing of any other resolutions necessary to facilitate a Listing or Restructuring,

provided that any restriction under paragraphs (i) to (vi) above preserves the economic position of the
A Shares, B Shares, C Shares, D Shares, MRP Shares and MRP Strip Shares relative to each other.

TRANSFERS OF SHARES
Share transfers — general
Except in accordance with the provisions these Articles, no person shall be entitled to transfer any
interest in any Shares or any beneficial interest therein without Investor Consent (and, subject to
Article 57 where applicable, the Majority A Holders shall be free and entitled to give Investor Consent
for a transfer of any Share by the Majority A Holders or any other holder of Shares).

The Directors shall refuse to register a proposed transfer not made under or permitted or required by
these Articles.

The Directors may also refuse to register a transfer of a Share on which the Company has a lien.

If the Directors refuse to register the transfer of a Share, the instrument of transfer must be returned to
the transferee with the notice of refusal, unless they suspect that the proposed transfer may be
fraudulent.

A person executing an instrument of transfer of a Share is deemed to remain the holder of the Share
until the name of the transferee is entered in the register of members in respect of it.

Shares may be transferred by means of an instrument of transfer in any usual form or any other form
approved by the Directors, which is executed by or on behalf of the transferor.

No fee may be charged for registering any instrument of transfer or other document relating to or
affecting the title to any Share.

The Company may retain any instrument of transfer which is registered.

Every holder of Shares in the Company (whether or not the beneficial owner of those Shares) shall
ensure that that holder is at all times able and empowered to transfer with full title guarantee the Shares
held by that holder if so required by these Articles.

Transmission of Shares

If title to a Share passes to a transmittee, the Company may only recognise the transmittee as having
any title to that Share.

A transmittee who produces such evidence of entitlement to Shares as the Directors may properly
require:

@ may, subject to the Articles, choose either to become the holder of those Shares or (subject to
Investor Consent) to have them transferred to another person; and

(ii) subject to the Articles, and pending any transfer of the Shares to another person (subject to
Investor Consent), has the same rights as the holder had.

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 41


===== page 46 =====
51.

(a)

(b)

(c)

52.

53.

(a)

But transmittees do not have the right to attend or vote at a general meeting, or agree to a proposed
written resolution, in respect of Shares to which they are entitled, by reason of the holder's death or
bankruptcy or otherwise, unless they become the holders of those Shares.

Exercise of transmittees' rights

Transmittees who wish to become the holders of Shares to which they have become entitled must
notify the Company in writing of that wish.

Subject to the Articles, if the transmittee wishes to have a Share transferred to another person, the
transmittee must execute an instrument of transfer in respect of it.

Any transfer made or executed under this Article is to be treated as if it were made or executed by the
person from whom the transmittee has derived rights in respect of the Share, and as if the event which
gave rise to the transmission had not occurred.

Transmittees bound by prior notices

If a notice is given to a Shareholder in respect of Shares and a transmittee (or a transferee nominated
by such transmittee pursuant to Article 51) is entitled to those Shares, the transmittee (or transferee) is
bound by the notice if it was given to the Shareholder before the transmittee's (or transferee's) name
has been entered in the register of members.

Permitted transfers

Shares or any beneficial interest therein may only be transferred:

@ if the transfer is a Manager and Minority Co-Investor Permitted Transfer;

(ii) by any Minority Co-Investor, subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Article 54
(Minority Co-Investor Approval Procedure);

(iii) otherwise with prior written Investor Consent (subject to Article 57 (Tag along rights) where
applicable);

(iv) by any partner, unitholder, shareholder, or other participant in, or operator, manager or
custodian of, any Fund (a Fund Participant) (or by any trustee or nominee for any such Fund
Participant) of any interest in such Fund to any person who is, or as a result of such transfer
becomes, a Fund Participant;

(v) by the creation or enforcement of any Encumbrance over the legal or equitable interest in any
Shares registered in the name of an Investor or any of its Affiliates or over any interest in a
Fund, and a Director shall not refuse to register such a transfer;

(vi) by an Investor or any of its Affiliates to any third party lender on an enforcement action by
such third party lender in relation to any Encumbrance pursuant to any third party finance

arrangements, and a Director shall not refuse to register such a transfer;

(vii) by any Investor to any non-executive director of any Group Company or to any Manager or
Minority Co-Investor;

(viii) in accordance with the provisions of Article 55 (Syndication);

(ix) in accordance with the provisions of Article 56 (Compulsory transfers general);

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 42


===== page 47 =====
(b)

54,

(a)

(b)

(x) pursuant to the acceptance of a Tag Along Offer relating to those Shares;
(xi) in accordance with the provisions of Article 58 (Drag Along Rights);

(xii) in accordance with the Strip Leaver provisions in Article 59 (Strip Leaver Provisions) or Sweet
Leaver provisions in Article 60 (Sweet Leaver Provisions);

(xiii) in any other circumstances when a transfer is required under these Articles; or

(xiv) _ in accordance with clause 15 (Issues and Transfers of Securities) or clause 28 (Exit) of the
Investment Deed.

Manager and Minority Co-Investor Permitted Transfer means any of the following, in each case
for bona fide management of the relevant Manager or Minority Co-Investor's tax affairs only:

(i) a transfer by an individual Shareholder of up to 50% of that Shareholder's Shares to a Family
Member or to the trustees of a Family Trust;

(ii) a transfer by the trustees of a Family Trust, on any change of trustees, of any Shares held by
them in that capacity to the new trustees of that Family Trust; and

(iii) _a transfer by the trustees of a Family Trust of any Shares held by them in that capacity to a
person who has an immediate beneficial interest under the Family Trust or to a Connected
Person of that beneficiary or to the settlor.

Minority Co-Investor Approval Procedure

Save in the case of a permitted transfer pursuant to Article 53 (Permitted transfers), any transfer of any
Securities by a Minority Co-Investor shall require the prior approval of the Board (acting with Investor
Consent) in accordance with this Article 54 (the Approval) and provided that no vested C2 Shares or
vested D2 Shares shall be transferred by a Minority Co-Investor prior to any applicable Minority Co-
Investor Buyback Date.

Any Minority Co-Investor who wishes to transfer any of their Securities shall first provide written
notice to the Board and the Investors (a Minority Co-Investor Transfer Notice). Any Minority Co-
Investor Transfer Notice made in accordance with this paragraph (b) shall:

(i) identify the name, address and any relevant identifying information regarding the proposed
transferee (the Minority Co-Investor Proposed Transferee), including any information
regarding the identity of the person(s) (if any) having ultimate control of the Minority Co-
Investor Proposed Transferee;

(ii) the total number of each class of Securities to be transferred by the Minority Co-Investor to
the Minority Co-Investor Proposed Transferee (the Transferred Securities);

(iii) for each class of Transferred Securities, the consideration payable in aggregate for such class;

(iv) the terms and conditions pursuant to which the contemplated transfer of such Transferred
Securities is to be made (including, without limitation, payment terms, any price adjustment,
earn out payments, or any escrow or deferred and contingent payment provisions); and

(v) the warranties, indemnities and / or other specific covenants and undertakings to be granted
by the Minority Co-Investor and the Minority Co-Investor Proposed Transferee (if any) in
respect of the contemplated transfer.

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 43


===== page 48 =====
(c)

(d)

(f)

(g)

Following the date of receipt of the Minority Co-Investor Transfer Notice by the Board (the Transfer
Notice Date), the Board (acting with Investor Consent), shall be entitled to approve or refuse (in its
absolute discretion) the transfer of the Transferred Securities to the Minority Co-Investor Proposed
Transferee. The Approval shall be:

(i) deemed to be approved upon receipt of notification in writing of such approval from the Board
(acting with Investor Consent) to the relevant Minority Co-Investor (with a copy of such
notification addressed to the Investors); and

(ii) deemed to be refused upon the earlier of:

(A) __ receipt of notification in writing of such denial from the Board to the relevant Minority
Co-Investor (with a copy of such notification addressed to the Investors); or

(B) the date which is three months following the Transfer Notice Date, where no approval
in accordance with paragraph (c)(i) above has been notified by the Board to the
relevant Minority Co-Investor.

The parties acknowledge and agree that the Board's decision to approve or to refuse the Approval in
accordance with Article 54(c) shall be definitive and shall not need to be substantiated, and the relevant
Minority Co-Investor shall not be entitled to challenge such a decision.

If the Approval is approved in accordance with paragraph (c)(i) above, the relevant Minority Co-
Investor shall be entitled to proceed with the proposed transfer of the Transferred Securities to the
Minority Co-Investor Proposed Transferee pursuant to the terms and conditions set out in the Minority
Co-Investor Transfer Notice, provided that such transfer of the Transferred Securities shall take place
within 20 Business Days following the date on which the Approval was granted by the Board. If the
proposed transfer does not occur prior to the expiry of such time, the Approval shall lapse and the
procedure provided in this Article 54 will need to be fully repeated.

If the Approval is refused, the relevant Minority Co-Investor:

(i) shall not make the proposed transfer of the Transferred Securities (or any of them) to the
Minority Co-Investor Proposed Transferee, and any such purported transfer shall be deemed
null and void; and

(ii) may elect to pursue the contemplated transfer of all (but not only some) of the Transferred
Securities to another transferee to be determined by the Board (acting with Investor Consent)
(a Board Selected Transfer) by providing written notice to the Board of its election to make
the Board Selected Transfer (a Board Selected Transfer Notice) within 5 Business Days of
the Approval being refused or deemed to be refused pursuant to paragraph (c)(ii) above.
Failing the sending of such a Board Selected Transfer Notice within such five Business Day
period, the concerned Minority Co-Investor shall be deemed to have elected not to proceed
with the Board Selected Transfer.

If the relevant Minority Co-Investor elects to pursue the Board Selected Transfer in accordance with
paragraph (f), the Board shall, within three months from the date of receipt of the Board Selected
Transfer Notice, cause the Transferred Securities to be acquired by:

(i) the Investors; or

(ii) one or several Shareholders or third parties,

in each case selected by the Board (acting with Investor Consent) in its absolute discretion (to the
extent such persons are willing to acquire the Transferred Securities) (a Minority Co-Investor Sale).

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 44


===== page 49 =====
(h)

55.
(a)

56.
(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

Any Minority Co-Investor Sale shall be made pursuant to the following conditions:

(i) the Board shall send a written notice to the relevant Minority Co-Investor indicating the
identity of the purchaser(s) of the Transferred Securities and the proposed date of completion
of the transfer of the Transferred Securities;

(ii) the Transferred Securities shall be acquired at a purchase price equal to 75% of the Fair Price
of such Transferred Securities as at the transfer date; and

(iii) on the date of completion of the transfer of the Transferred Securities, the relevant Minority
Co-Investor shall deliver to the relevant purchaser(s) of the Transferred Securities, duly
executed stock transfer form(s) and/or any other transfer documents reasonably determined
by the Board as being necessary to give effect to such transfer, together with the related share
certificate(s) and other loan note or security certificate(s) (if applicable) (or a customary
indemnity for any lost certificate(s)), and the proposed purchaser(s) shall pay the
corresponding purchase price for the Transferred Securities in accordance with the foregoing
provisions.

Syndication

At any time within 12 months from the Completion Date, an A Shareholder may (by way of one or
more transfers) transfer up to a total of 40% of the Shares issued to it on or around the Completion
Date to one or more transferees (each a Syndication), provided that:

(@ the Investor will remain the lead Investor in the Company;

(ii) any such transfer must be a proportionate strip of each type or form of Share or other Securities
held by, or on behalf of, such Investor;

(iii) any transferee under this Article 55 must adhere to the Investment Deed (if not already a party
thereto); and

(iv) no additional fees shall be payable by any Group Company as a result of such Syndication.
Compulsory transfers general

A holder of Shares must transfer all (or, where appropriate, the Relevant Proportion) of their Shares
following, and as required by, the issue of a Drag Along Notice.

If any Shares have been transferred to a person pursuant to a Manager and Minority Co-Investor
Permitted Transfer falling within Article 53(b) and, following a change in circumstances, a transfer to
that person would no longer qualify as a Manager and Minority Co-Investor Permitted Transfer in
accordance with that Article, that person must without delay notify the Company that such a change
in circumstances has occurred and, if the Board with Investor Consent so resolves, that person holding
such Shares shall be required to transfer such Shares back to the original transferor or to any person to
whom a Manager and Minority Co-Investor Permitted Transfer could be made by the original
transferor or to any other person agreed by the Board with Investor Consent on terms reasonably
acceptable to the Board (with Investor Consent).

A holder of Shares must transfer their Shares in any other circumstances required by these Articles
(for example, in the event of bankruptcy or certain insolvency events or if the Shareholder attempts to
transfer any Shares other than in accordance with the provisions of these Articles).

If the CEO determines that a Clawback Manager has failed to meet certain performance criteria (as
agreed in writing between the CEO and the relevant Clawback Manager) then in such circumstances,

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 45


===== page 50 =====
(e)

(f)

(g)

(h)

0)

the Manager and Minority Co-Investor Representative may elect (with Investor Consent) in writing
that the relevant Clawback Manager shall be required to transfer an amount of the C Shares and D
Shares held by the relevant Clawback Manager (such amount shall be determined by the Manager and
Minority Co-Investor Representative (acting with Investor Consent)) to such persons and for such
price as the Manager and Minority Co-Investor Representative (acting with Investor Consent) may
nominate by written notice to the relevant Clawback Manager within 60 days of the CEO determining
that the relevant Clawback Manager has failed to meet certain performance criteria.

If there is a change in the Controller (or, if more than one, any of them) of a corporate Shareholder
(not being a member of the Investors’ Group) that is beneficially interested in Shares in the Company,
or of any holding Company of such a corporate Shareholder, then that Shareholder shall without delay
notify the Company that such event has occurred and, if the Board (with Investor Consent) so resolves,
the holder of such Shares shall be required to transfer them to such person, and on such terms including
price, as the Board (acting with Investor Consent) may direct. For the purposes of this paragraph (d)
a person is the Controller of a corporate Shareholder if that person has the power or ability to direct
the management or the policies of the corporate Shareholder, whether through the ownership of voting
capital, by contract or otherwise.

If a person becomes entitled to Shares in the Company as a result of the bankruptcy of an individual
Shareholder, such person shall, unless the Board (with Investor Consent) resolves otherwise, be
required to transfer such Shares to such person, and on such terms including price, as the Board (acting
with Investor Consent) may direct.

If a corporate Shareholder (not being a member of the Investors’ Group) is beneficially interested in
Shares in the Company and:

(i) a receiver, receiver and manager or administrative receiver has been appointed in respect of
such corporate Shareholder or in respect of the whole or any part of its assets or undertaking;
or

(ii) an administration order has been made, or petition or application has been presented for such

an order or documents have been filed with the court for the appointment of an administrator
in respect of such corporate Shareholder; or

(iii) a resolution has been passed, or a petition has been presented or an order has been made for
the winding-up of such corporate Shareholder or a liquidator has been appointed to such
corporate Shareholder; or

(iv) a person has been appointed, or proceedings have commenced, or an order has been obtained
or any other action has been taken of a type mentioned in any of the paragraphs (i) to (iii)
above in respect of such corporate Shareholder in any jurisdiction other than the United
Kingdom,

such corporate Shareholder shall be required to transfer such Shares to such person, and on such terms
including price, as the Board (acting with Investor Consent) may direct.

If a person at any time attempts or purports to transfer a Share otherwise than in accordance with these
Articles, the holder of that Share shall, unless the Board (with Investor Consent) resolves otherwise,
be required to transfer such Shares to such person, and on such terms including price, as the Board
(acting with Investor Consent) may direct.

As security for the relevant Shareholder obligations under these Articles, each Shareholder hereby
irrevocably appoints, jointly and severally, the Company and such person as may be nominated for the
purpose by the Majority A Holders as that Shareholder's duly appointed agent to do such things in that
Shareholder's name (including the completion, execution and delivery of documents) as may be

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 46


===== page 51 =====
57.

(a)

(b)

(c)

required or reasonably considered by the agent to be desirable to effect any transfer of Shares held by
that holder required:

(i) pursuant to the compulsory transfer provisions in this Article 56;
(ii) following the issue to such Shareholder of a Drag Along Notice;

(iii) pursuant to the Strip Leaver provisions in Article 59 (Strip Leaver Provisions) or Sweet Leaver
provisions in Article 60 (Sweet Leaver Provisions); or

(iv) to fulfil any of that holder's obligations under these Articles.
Tag along rights
Other than:

(i) in relation to any transfer that is a permitted transfer pursuant to Article 53 (Permitted
transfers);

(ii) where a Drag Along Notice has been served; or
(iii) where such transfer is made in connection with a Listing,

if the Investors propose to transfer (whether by one transfer or a series of related transfers) any of their
A Shares to a third party purchaser or group of Connected Persons or persons acting in concert (other
than to any other member of its Investors’ Group, but provided this provision shall apply without such
exclusion to any transfer to a Continuation Fund) (the Proposed Tag Along Transferee) that would
after such intended transfer(s):

@ not result in the Proposed Tag Along Transferee(s) holding more than 50% of the Ordinary
Shares in issue (a Proposed Minority Transfer), an offer (a Strip Tag Along Offer) must
have been made to all holders of Participating Tag Shares to acquire the same proportion of
each class of their Participating Tag Shares as the proportion of the A Shares the Investors are
proposing to sell bears to the total number of A Shares in issue prior to the transfer;

(ii) result in the Proposed Tag Along Transferee(s) holding more than 50% of the Ordinary Shares
in issue (a Proposed Majority Transfer), an offer (a Full Tag Along Offer, and together
with a Strip Tag Along Offer, a Tag Along Offer) must have been made to all the other holders
of Participating Tag Shares to acquire all the Participating Tag Shares held by them.

Any Strip Tag Along Offer or Full Tag Along Offer (as applicable) made in accordance with
paragraph (a) above shall:

(i) be on terms no less favourable than those applying to the transfer by the Investors; and
(ii) be expressed to be open for acceptance for at least 15 Business Days.

An offer shall be a Strip Tag Along Offer or Full Tag Along Offer (as applicable) and shall be deemed
to be on no less favourable terms, notwithstanding that:

(i) the amount of the consideration to be received by each holder of Shares shall be determined
by reference to Article 43 (Vesting of MRP Strip Shares) (in relation to the relevant class or
classes of Shares which are proposed to be transferred pursuant to the Strip Tag Along Offer
or Full Tag Along Offer (as applicable));

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 47


===== page 52 =====
58.

(a)

(b)

(c)

(ii) the consideration set out in the Strip Tag Along Offer or Full Tag Along Offer (as applicable)
is solely cash consideration, notwithstanding that particular other holders of Shares are
receiving an element of non-cash consideration in the form of shares of the relevant offeror or
an associate of the offeror;

(iii) the consideration set out in the Strip Tag Along Offer or Full Tag Along Offer (as applicable)
includes a loan note alternative which is also to be received by the Investors; and/or

(iv) the Strip Tag Along Offer or Full Tag Along Offer (as applicable) does not contain a provision
providing for the payment or reimbursement by the offeror, the Company or some other person
of fees, out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by some or all of the holders of the
Participating Tag Shares in connection with the transfer of the relevant Shares held by them,
notwithstanding that certain other holders of Shares benefit from such a provision.

Drag Along Rights
Exit on a Sale

If the holders of more than 50% of the A Shares (the Drag Along Sellers) propose to transfer (whether
by one transfer or a series of related transfers) a majority of their A Shares by way of a bona fide sale
on arm's length terms to any third party person or group of Connected Persons or persons acting in
concert (other than to a member of an Investors' Group or to a Continuation Fund) (the Transferee),
all the other holders of Shares (including any persons who become holders of Shares upon exercise of
any rights of subscription or conversion, including without limitation pursuant to Articles 45
(Distribution Conversion) and 46 (Book Up Conversion)) (the Compulsory Sellers) shall, if so
required by the Drag Along Sellers by notice in writing given to the Compulsory Sellers at any time
before or at the same time as the proposed transfer (a Drag Along Notice), transfer (on such date,
being at the same time as the date of the transfer by the Drag Along Sellers of their Shares, or
otherwise) all of their Ordinary Shares, Priority Shares and all of their other Shares to the Transferee
on terms no less favourable than those applying to the transfer by any of the Drag Along Sellers. The
Compulsory Sellers shall not be required to give any warranties or indemnities in favour of the
Transferee (other than customary title and capacity warranties) in respect of their C Shares and D
Shares (if any).

Exit on a Listing

If, in connection with a Listing, the Drag Along Sellers propose to transfer a proportion of their Shares
(the Relevant Proportion), the Compulsory Sellers shall, if so required by the Drag Along Sellers by
a Drag Along Notice, transfer (on such date, being at the same time as the date of the transfer by the
Drag Along Sellers of their Shares, as may be specified by the Drag Along Sellers in the Drag Along
Notice or otherwise) the Relevant Proportion of their Ordinary Shares, Priority Shares, MRP Shares,
MRP Strip Shares and/or other Shares in connection with the Listing as the Drag Along Sellers may
direct on terms no less favourable than those applying to the transfer by any of the Drag Along Sellers.

No less favourable terms

A transfer by the Compulsory Sellers shall be on terms no less favourable than those applying to a
transfer by any of the Drag Along Sellers in paragraph (a) or (b) above notwithstanding that:

a the amount of consideration to be received by each holder of Shares shall be determined by
reference to Article 44 (Waterfall Event);

(ii) the consideration for the transfer by the Compulsory Sellers includes a loan note alternative
which is also to be received by the Drag Along Sellers;

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 48


===== page 53 =====
59.

(a)

(iii)

(iv)

the consideration for the transfer by the Compulsory Sellers is solely cash consideration,
notwithstanding that particular other holders of Securities are receiving an element of non-
cash consideration in the form of shares of the relevant offeror or an associate of the offeror;
and/or

the terms of the transfer by the Compulsory Sellers do not contain a provision providing for
the payment or reimbursement by the Transferee, the Company or some other person of the
fees, out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by any of the Compulsory Sellers in
connection with the transfer of the Securities held by them, notwithstanding that certain other
holders of Securities benefit from such a provision.

Strip Leaver Provisions

For the purposes of this Article 59:

Bad Strip Leaver means a Strip Leaver who is not a Minority Co-Investor Strip Leaver (and who has
not been designated as a Good Strip Leaver by the Board (or any committee to which the Board
delegates responsibility for such purposes) and who is not a Very Bad Strip Leaver) whose cessation
of Employment occurs as a result of:

0)

Gi)

resignation at any time prior to the fifth anniversary of the Completion Date (in circumstances
that are not determined by an appropriate court or tribunal to amount to constructive
dismissal); or

dismissal for reasons of wilful misconduct, gross negligence or any reasons justifying, or
which would justify, summary dismissal under such Strip Leaver's service agreement or terms
of appointment.

Good Strip Leaver means:

a Strip Leaver who is not a Minority Co-Investor Strip Leaver and who:

(i)

(ii)

becomes a Strip Leaver as a result of:

(A) retirement at the statutory retirement age applicable to such Strip Leaver in the country
in which the Strip Leaver is Employed;

(B) death;

(C) having suffered a physical or mental deterioration which is sufficiently serious to
permanently prevent such Strip Leaver from continuing Employment, as determined
by two independent medical physicians reasonably acceptable to the Investors
(engaged at the Strip Leaver's sole expense);

(D) becoming a full time carer for a Family Member who has suffered a physical or mental
deterioration which is sufficiently serious to permanently prevent such Strip Leaver
from continuing Employment, as determined by two independent medical physicians
reasonably acceptable to the Investors (engaged at the Strip Leaver's sole expense);
or

(E) wrongful dismissal;

is designated a Good Strip Leaver by the Board (or any committee to which the Board
delegates responsibility for such purposes) (with Investor Consent);

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 49


===== page 54 =====
(iii) becomes a Strip Leaver through the Group's "glidepath programme" as in effect prior to the
Completion Date (provided that the Strip Leaver has been designated as a Good Strip Leaver
by the Board (or any committee to which the Board delegates responsibility for such
purposes), acting with Investor Consent); or

(iv) is a Strip Leaver who is neither a Bad Strip Leaver nor a Very Bad Strip Leaver;

Mandatory Strip Transferor means, in relation to a Strip Leaver, each person holding Strip Leaver's
Securities (which may, for the avoidance of doubt, include any Employee Trust);

Minority Co-Investor Strip Leaver means any Strip Leaver that is a Minority Co-Investor;

Strip Leaver means any member of the Company who at the Completion Date, or who later becomes,
an Employee of a Group Company and any person on whose behalf any Employee Trust holds Shares
or other Securities and who is at the Completion Date, or who later becomes, an Employee of a Group
Company shall become a Strip Leaver immediately upon the earliest of:

(i) giving or receiving notice that the relevant person will cease to be, or the relevant person
otherwise ceasing to be, an Employee of a Group Company (in each case other than as a result
of the Group disposing of all or substantially all of its assets); or

(ii) becoming entitled by reason of illness or disablement giving rise to permanent incapacity to
receive benefits under the permanent health insurance scheme of the Company or any member
of the Group;

Strip Leaver's Loan Notes Face Value means the principal amount of any Strip Leaver's Loan Notes
plus any accrued but unpaid interest thereon;

Strip Leaver Period means 12 months from the Strip Termination Date;

Strip Leaver's Securities means the Strip Leaver's Shares, Loan Notes and any other class of priority
shares or other preferred return instruments in the capital of any Group Company issued to such Strip
Leaver in accordance with the Investment Deed (including without limitation Loan Notes (if
applicable) but, in respect of Managers only, excluding any B Shares) held at the Strip Termination
Date by the Strip Leaver and any of the Strip Leaver's Permitted Transferees or on the Strip Leaver's
behalf by an Employee Trust or in which the Strip Leaver or any of them has a beneficial interest;

Strip Leaver's Shares means at the Strip Termination Date:

(i) Priority Shares and, in respect of Minority Co-Investors only, B Shares, held by the Strip
Leaver and any of the Strip Leaver's Permitted Transferees or on the Strip Leaver's behalf by
an Employee Trust or in which the Strip Leaver or any of them has a beneficial interest;

(ii) Priority Shares and, in respect of Minority Co-Investors only, B Shares, which have been
transferred by the Strip Leaver or on the Strip Leaver's behalf by an Employee Trust to any of
the Strip Leaver's Permitted Transferees (whether or not still held by that Permitted
Transferee); and

(iii) Shares which have been granted in respect of the Shares referred to in paragraphs (i) and (ii)
above by way of rights, bonus or otherwise;

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 50


===== page 55 =====
Strip Performance Condition means the condition that the Strip Leaver (other than any Minority Co-
Investor Strip Leaver) shall not, either directly or indirectly:

(i) while Employed by any Group Company and during the Restricted Period, make any
disparaging comments or statements about:

(A) the business of the Group;
(B) any member of the Group; or
(C) any of the Investors (or any member of any Investors' Group),

to any person (including, without limitation, the media and customers and suppliers of the
Group) or make any comments and statements that such Strip Leaver (other than any Minority
Co-Investor Strip Leaver) knows is likely to be harmful to the goodwill of any Group
Company, provided that nothing herein shall prevent any such Strip Leaver from:

(A) making any bona fide disclosure required or protected under applicable law (including
under any whistleblowing or similar law or under any reporting procedures of any
applicable regulatory or similar body);

(B) communicating in an open and candid way with professional advisers engaged by any
Group Company, to the extent that such communications are in respect of the matters
on which such professional advisers have been retained to advise such Group
Company;

(C) taking his or her own independent legal advice, on a confidential basis;

(D) making any mandatory disclosure in any legal proceeding (including any arbitral or
tribunal proceedings);

(E) responding truthfully in any internal process of the Group (including any complaint,
disciplinary or grievance or whistleblowing processes or confidential internal
management operating and reporting processes); or

(F) taking part in (or making any statement in any materials prepared for) any meeting of
the board of any Group Company or any committee thereof;

(ii) at any time while Employed by any Group Company and during the Restricted Period be
concerned in any business operating in the Restricted Territories which is competitive with
any part of the business or businesses carried on by any Group Company at the Relevant Date
or during the period of 12 months prior to the Relevant Date;

(iii) at any time while Employed by any Group Company and during the Restricted Period:

(A) solicit or attempt to solicit from his or her employment with any Group Company any
person who is at the Relevant Date or was during the period of 12 months prior to the
Relevant Date a Group Employee of any Group Company with a title of Manager’, or
any equivalent or higher level of seniority from time to time; or

(B) employ or attempt to employ any person who is at the Relevant Date or during the

period of 12 months prior to the Relevant Date a Group Employee with a title of
‘Manager’, or any equivalent or higher level of seniority from time to time,

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 51


===== page 56 =====
(b)

provided that this provision shall not apply to the Employment or attempted Employment of
any such Group Employee who makes an unsolicited response to a general recruitment
advertisement or campaign;

(iv) at any time while Employed by any Group Company and during the Restricted Period induce
or attempt to induce any person who is at the Relevant Date or was during the period of 12
months prior to the Relevant Date a supplier of goods or services to a Group Company
(including, without limitation, any contractor of a Group Company), to cease to supply, or to
restrict or vary the terms of supply to, a Group Company;

(v) at any time while Employed by any Group Company and during the Restricted Period solicit
or attempt to solicit the custom of, or deal or endeavour to deal with, any person who is at the
Relevant Date or who:

(A) at any time during the period of two years prior to the Relevant Date, was a customer
of any Group Company; or

(B) at any time during the period of 12 months prior to the Relevant Date, had any
dealings, negotiations or discussions with any Group Company with a view to
entering into a contract with any Group Company (provided that such Strip Leaver
was involved in those dealings, negotiations or discussions with that person or
otherwise knew or ought reasonably to have known that the relevant Group Company
had engaged in such dealings, negotiations or discussions),

in each case so as to compete with, or harm the goodwill of, the Company or any other Group
Company; or

(vi) at any time use or (insofar as the Strip Leaver can do so) allow to be used (except by the Group
Companies) any trade name used by a Group Company prior to the Relevant Date or any other
name intended or likely to be confused with such a trade name;

Strip Termination Date means the date on which the relevant person becomes a Strip Leaver; and
Very Bad Strip Leaver means a Strip Leaver who is not a Minority Co-Investor Strip Leaver and:

(i) who fails to satisfy the Strip Performance Condition at, or at any time after, becoming a Strip
Leaver; or

(ii) whose cessation of Employment occurs as a result of dismissal for reasons of fraud or
conviction of a criminal offence punishable by imprisonment (excluding any offence under
road traffic legislation in respect of which a custodial sentence is not imposed); or

(iii) a Strip Leaver who has been treated as a Good Strip Leaver or a Bad Strip Leaver but who is
redesignated as a Very Bad Strip Leaver in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (f)
below.

Upon a person becoming a Strip Leaver, if the Board (or any committee to which the Board delegates
responsibility for such purposes) (acting with Investor Consent) within the Strip Leaver Period so
resolves, each Mandatory Strip Transferor shall transfer the Strip Leaver's Securities held by the
Mandatory Strip Transferor (or such of them as the Board (or any committee to which the Board
delegates responsibility) (with Investor Consent) may resolve) to such persons as the Board (or any
committee to which the Board delegates responsibility for such purposes) may nominate by written
notice to the Strip Leaver within 60 days of such resolution.

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 52


===== page 57 =====
(c)

(d)

The price for the Strip Leaver's Securities applying to any transfer under paragraph (b) above (the
Strip Leaver Price) shall, unless the transferor and the Board (or any committee to which the Board
delegates responsibility for such purposes) (with Investor Consent) agree some other price, be the
Priority Share Price, (if applicable) the B Share Price and (if applicable) the Loan Note Price, where:

0)

(ii)

(iii)

(iv)

(v)

if the Strip Leaver is a Minority Co-Investor Strip Leaver, the B Share Price shall be equal to
75% of the Fair Price in respect of such Strip Leaver's B Shares;

the Priority Share Price shall be determined as follows:

(A)

(B)

(©)

if the Strip Leaver is a Good Strip Leaver or a Minority Co-Investor Strip Leaver, the
Priority Share Price shall be the Priority Subscription Amount plus the Priority
Amount in respect of such Strip Leaver's Priority Shares from the date of issue of such
Priority Shares;

if the Strip Leaver is a Bad Strip Leaver, the Priority Share Price shall be the Priority
Subscription Amount plus the Priority Amount in respect of such Strip Leaver's
Priority Shares, provided that the Priority Amount shall be recalculated (including in
respect of any compounding interest) as if the Priority Amount on each such Priority
Share had been accruing at a rate of 5% per annum (rather than 12% per annum) from
the date of issue of such Priority Shares (the Adjusted Priority Amount); and

if the Strip Leaver is a Very Bad Strip Leaver, the Priority Share Price shall be the
Priority Subscription Amount in respect of such Strip Leaver's Priority Shares (the
Very Bad Strip Leaver Priority Price);

the Loan Note Price shall be determined as follows:

(A)

(B)

(C)

if the Strip Leaver is a Good Strip Leaver or a Minority Co-Investor Strip Leaver, the
Loan Note Price shall be the Strip Leaver's Loan Notes Face Value from the date of
issue of such Loan Notes;

if the Strip Leaver is a Bad Strip Leaver, the Loan Note Price shall be that Strip
Leaver's Loan Notes Face Value, provided that the interest thereon shall be
recalculated (including in respect of any compounding interest) as if the interest on
such Loan Notes had been accruing at a rate of 5% per annum (rather than 12% per
annum) from the date of issue of such Loan Notes (the Adjusted Loan Note
Coupon); and

if the Strip Leaver is a Very Bad Strip Leaver, the Loan Note Price shall be the
principal amount only in respect of such Loan Notes (and nil interest) (the Very Bad
Strip Leaver Loan Note Price, and together with the Very Bad Strip Leaver Priority
Price, the Very Bad Strip Leaver Price);

the relevant Priority Share Price, B Share Price and Loan Note Price (as applicable) shall be
calculated as at the date of the transfer of the Strip Leaver’s Securities; and

the relevant Strip Leaver Price shall be allocated among the Mandatory Strip Transferors
proportionately relative to the corresponding Strip Leaver's Securities held by them.

The relevant Strip Leaver Price shall be paid in cash on the date on which the Strip Leaver transfers
their relevant Strip Leaver's Securities pursuant to this Article 59.

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 53


===== page 58 =====
(e)

(fp)

(g)

The parties acknowledge that:

(i) any Strip Leaver's Securities transferred to an A Shareholder, B Shareholder, Priority
Shareholder or member of the Investors' Group in accordance with these Articles may be
subsequently transferred, provided such further transfer is permitted pursuant to these Articles;
and

(ii) if so determined by the Board (or any committee to which the Board delegates responsibility
for such purposes) (with Investor Consent), a person to whom Strip Leaver's Securities are
transferred in accordance with these Articles may be required to pay a higher price for those
Strip Leaver's Securities than the relevant Strip Leaver Price, in which event the difference
between such price and the relevant Strip Leaver Price shall be paid by the transferee of the
Strip Leaver's Securities to the Company.

If the Investors or the Board (or any committee to which the Board delegates responsibility for such
purposes) become aware of facts, matters or circumstances in respect of a Strip Leaver (other than any
Minority Co-Investor Strip Leaver) who was previously treated as a Good Strip Leaver or a Bad Strip
Leaver which would, had they been known to the Investors or any Group Company and applied at
relevant time, enabled that person to be treated as a Very Bad Strip Leaver, then the Board (or any
committee to which the Board delegates responsibility for such purposes) (with Investor Consent) may
resolve that such Strip Leaver be re-designated as a Very Bad Strip Leaver. If the Board (or any
committee to which the Board delegates responsibility for such purposes) (with Investor Consent) so
resolves, the relevant Strip Leaver Price determined in accordance with paragraph (c) above (the
Original Strip Price) shall be adjusted to reduce that Strip Leaver Price to the relevant Very Bad Strip
Leaver Price, calculated as at the date of transfer of the Strip Leaver's Securities (unless the Strip
Leaver and the Board (or any committee to which the Board delegates responsibility for such purposes)
(with Investor Consent) agree some other price) (the Adjusted Strip Price) and if the Adjusted Strip
Price is lower than the Original Strip Price, the Strip Leaver shall repay the difference to the Company
or to Midco | (as applicable).

If at any time on or after a Strip Leaver's Strip Termination Date such Strip Leaver retains any Strip
Leaver's Securities (the Retained Securities), unless otherwise determined by the Board (or any
committee to which the Board delegates responsibility for such purposes) (with Investor Consent):

¢) if the Strip Leaver is a Good Strip Leaver or a Minority Co-Investor Strip Leaver, the Priority
Amount or interest (as applicable) in respect of such Strip Leaver's Retained Securities shall
continue to accrue at the same rate as immediately prior to such Strip Leaver's Strip
Termination Date;

(ii) if the Strip Leaver is a Bad Strip Leaver, the Priority Amount or interest (as applicable) in
respect of such Strip Leaver's Retained Securities shall, with automatic effect from the Strip
Leaver's Strip Termination Date, be reduced to the Adjusted Priority Amount or Adjusted
Loan Note Coupon (as applicable) and any Priority Amount or interest thereon shall be
recalculated (including in respect of any compounding amount or interest) as if the Priority
Amount or interest (as applicable) on such Strip Leaver's Retained Securities had been
accruing at the Adjusted Priority Amount or Adjusted Loan Note Coupon (as applicable) from
the date of issue of such Strip Leaver's Retained Securities;

(iii) if the Strip Leaver is a Very Bad Strip Leaver or becomes one by operation of paragraph (f)
above, the Priority Amount or interest (as applicable) in respect of such Strip Leaver's
Retained Securities shall, with automatic effect from the Strip Leaver's Strip Termination
Date, cease to accrue (and shall be deemed to have ceased to accrue) any Priority Amount or
interest (as applicable), and any Priority Amount or interest accrued from the date of issue of
such Retained Securities shall be deemed waived, written off, deferred or otherwise forfeited

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 54


===== page 59 =====
(h)

(iv)

as directed by the Investors (and the parties shall (if so directed by the Investors) take any
necessary steps to effect the same); and

to the extent that any accrued interest or Priority Amount (as applicable) in respect of the
Retained Securities had previously been paid in cash to the Strip Leaver, such amounts shall
become automatically repayable by the Strip Leaver to the Company or to Midco 1 (as
applicable).

Where the Board (or any committee to which the Board may delegate such responsibility), acting with
Investor Consent, notifies a Minority Co-Investor Strip Leaver of its determination of the B Share
Price applicable to a Minority Co-Investor Strip Leaver's Securities in accordance with paragraph (c)
above in writing (Notice of Strip Price), and the Minority Co-Investor Strip Leaver disputes such
Notice of Strip Price by serving written notice on the Board within 10 Business Days following the
service of that Notice of Strip Price, the Fair Price in respect of the relevant Minority Co-Investor Strip
Leaver’s B Shares (for the purpose of determining their corresponding B Share Price) shall be
determined by the Independent Expert as follows:

(i)

(ii)

the Board (or any committee to which the Board may delegate such responsibility), acting
with Investor Consent, shall promptly instruct the Independent Expert to determine the Fair
Price on the basis which, in their opinion, represents a fair price for such Minority Co-Investor
Strip Leaver's B Shares at the Strip Termination Date as between a willing seller and a willing
buyer and on a going concern basis (provided that this is the case) and, in making such
determination, the Independent Expert shall take into account:

(A) the rights and restrictions attached to such Shares in respect of income and capital;
(B) the fact that the Shares are not quoted on any regulated investment exchange;

(C) the group turnover, future and actual cash generation, current and future profitability
and growth prospects of the Group;

(D) any unencumbered and freely transferable cash balances and marketable securities
owned by the Company and any other Group Company;

(E) all borrowings, guarantees and any other actual or contingent liabilities of the
Company and any other Group Company;

(F) the value and existence of any minority interests in any Group Company; and

(G) the market value of other companies of a similar size operating in similar markets to
the Company (taking into account all other factors in this Article 59);

but shall take no account of:

(H) — whether the Minority Co-Investor Strip Leaver's B Shares comprise a majority or
minority interest in the Company; or

00) the fact that the transferability of the Minority Co-Investor Strip Leaver’s B Shares is
restricted in accordance with the Investment Deed and these Articles;

the Independent Expert shall certify the Fair Price for the B Shares as soon as possible after
being instructed by the Board (or any committee to which the Board may delegate such
responsibility) and, in so certifying, the Independent Expert shall be deemed to be acting as
expert and not as arbiter and the Arbitration Act 1996 shall not apply;

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 55


===== page 60 =====
(iii) the certificate of the Independent Expert shall, in the absence of manifest error, be final and
binding; and

(iv) the Board (or any committee to which the Board may delegate such responsibility) shall
procure that any certificate required hereunder is obtained with due expedition and the cost of
obtaining such certificate shall be borne by the Company unless (i) such an arrangement would
not be permitted by law or (ii) where the Fair Price as determined by the Independent Expert
is less than 110% of the price (if any) which the Board (or any committee to which the Board
delegates responsibility) had previously notified to the Strip Leaver pursuant to the Notice of
Strip Price as being in its opinion the Fair Price for the B Shares (for the purpose of
determining their corresponding B Share Price) (or, if the price which the Board (or any
committee to which the Board may delegate such responsibility) had previously notified
pursuant to the Notice of Strip Price was zero, the Fair Price as determined by the Independent
Expert is less than 10% of the price at which the relevant B Share was issued, being the
aggregate of the amount paid up or credited as paid up in respect of the nominal value thereof
and any share premium thereon of such B Share), in which event the cost shall be borne by
the Minority Co-Investor Strip Leaver and deducted from the consideration payable to such
Minority Co-Investor Strip Leaver for the B Shares being transferred pursuant to this
Article 59.

60. Sweet Leaver Provisions

(a) For the purposes of this Article 60:
Bad Sweet Leaver means a Sweet Leaver who is not a Minority Co-Investor Sweet Leaver (and who
has not been designated as a Good Sweet Leaver or an Intermediate Sweet Leaver by the Board (or
any committee to which the Board delegates responsibility for such purposes), acting with Investor

Consent) whose cessation of Employment occurs as a result of:

(i) dismissal for reasons justifying, or which would justify, summary dismissal under such Sweet
Leaver’s service agreement or terms of appointment;

(ii) resignation at any time prior to the fifth anniversary of the Completion Date (in circumstances
that are not determined by an appropriate court or tribunal to amount to constructive
dismissal);

(iii) who fails to satisfy the Sweet Performance Condition at, or at any time after, becoming a
Sweet Leaver; or

(iv) dismissal for reasons of fraud or conviction of a criminal offence punishable by imprisonment
(excluding any offence under road traffic legislation in respect of which a custodial sentence
is not imposed);

Good Sweet Leaver means a Sweet Leaver who is not a Minority Co-Investor Sweet Leaver and who:

(i) becomes a Sweet Leaver as a result of:

(A) retirement at the statutory retirement age applicable to such Sweet Leaver in the
country in which the Sweet Leaver is Employed;

(B) death;
(C) having suffered a physical or mental deterioration which is sufficiently serious to

permanently prevent such Sweet Leaver from continuing Employment, as determined

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 56


===== page 61 =====
by two independent medical physicians reasonably acceptable to the Investors
(engaged at the Sweet Leaver's sole expense);

(D) becoming a full time carer for a Family Member who has suffered a physical or mental
deterioration which is sufficiently serious to permanently prevent such Sweet Leaver
from continuing Employment, as determined by two independent medical physicians
reasonably acceptable to the Investors (engaged at the Sweet Leaver's sole expense);

(E) wrongful dismissal;

(F) becomes a Sweet Leaver through the Group’s "glidepath programme" (provided that
the Sweet Leaver has been designated as a Good Sweet Leaver by the Board (or any
committee to which the Board delegates responsibility for such purposes)); or

(G) is designated a Good Sweet Leaver by the Board (or any committee to which the
Board delegates responsibility for such purposes) (with Investor Consent);

Intermediate Sweet Leaver means a Sweet Leaver who is not a Minority Co-Investor Sweet Leaver
and otherwise is neither a Good Sweet Leaver nor a Bad Sweet Leaver;

Mandatory Sweet Transferor means, in relation to a Sweet Leaver, each person holding Sweet
Leaver's Shares (which may, for the avoidance of doubt, include any Employee Trust);

Minority Co-Investor Sweet Leaver means any Sweet Leaver that is a Minority Co-Investor;

Relevant Percentage shall be 0% at the date the Sweet Leaver first acquired or subscribed for Sweet
Leaver’s Shares (or at the date the Employee Trust first acquired or subscribed for Sweet Leaver’s
Shares on the Sweet Leaver's behalf) and:

@ shall increase from 0% to 16% on the first anniversary of such date;

(ii) between the first anniversary and the fifth anniversary of such date, shall increase (on a fully
completed monthly step-up basis) from 16% to 80%; and

(iii) after the fifth anniversary of such date, there will be no further increase beyond 80% until an
Exit, at which point the Relevant Percentage shall increase to 100%;

Sweet Leaver means any member of the Company who is at the Sweet Issuance Date, or who later
becomes, an Employee of a Group Company and any person on whose behalf any Employee Trust
holds Shares or other Securities and who is at the Sweet Issuance Date, or who later becomes, an
Employee of a Group Company shall become a Sweet Leaver immediately upon the earliest of:

(i) giving or receiving notice that the relevant person will cease to be, or the relevant person
otherwise ceasing to be, an Employee of a Group Company (in each case other than as a result
of the Group disposing of all or substantially all of its assets); or

(ii) becoming entitled by reason of illness or disablement giving rise to permanent incapacity to
receive benefits under the permanent health insurance scheme of the Company or any member
of the Group;

Sweet Leaver Period means:

(i) in respect of a Sweet Leaver who is not a Minority Co-Investor, 12 months from the Sweet
Termination Date; and

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 57


===== page 62 =====
(ii) in respect of a Sweet Leaver who is a Minority Co-Investor, 12 months from the later of (as
the case may be) (A) any applicable Minority Co-Investor Buyback Date and (B) the Sweet
Termination Date;

Sweet Leaver's Shares means at the Sweet Termination Date or the applicable Minority Co-Investor
Buyback Date (as applicable):

(i) C Shares and D Shares held by the Sweet Leaver and any of the Sweet Leaver's Permitted
Transferees or on the Sweet Leaver's behalf by an Employee Trust or in which the Sweet
Leaver or any of them has a beneficial interest;

(ii) C Shares and D Shares which have been transferred by the Sweet Leaver or on the Sweet
Leaver's behalf by an Employee Trust to any of the Sweet Leaver's Permitted Transferees
(whether or not still held by that Permitted Transferee); and

(iii) | Shares which have been granted in respect of the Shares referred to in paragraphs (a) and (b)
below by way of rights, bonus or otherwise;

Sweet Performance Condition means the condition that the Sweet Leaver (other than any Minority
Co-Investor Sweet Leaver) shall not, either directly or indirectly:

(i) while Employed by any Group Company and during the Restricted Period, make any
disparaging comments or statements about:

(A) the business of the Group;
(B) any member of the Group; or
(C) any of the Investors (or any member of any Investors' Group),

to any person (including, without limitation, the media and customers and suppliers of the
Group) or make any comments and statements that such Sweet Leaver (other than any
Minority Co-Investor Sweet Leaver) knows is likely to be harmful to the goodwill of any
Group Company, provided that nothing herein shall prevent any such Sweet Leaver from:

(D) making any bona fide disclosure required or protected under applicable law (including
under any whistleblowing or similar law or under any reporting procedures of any
applicable regulatory or similar body);

(E) communicating in an open and candid way with professional advisers engaged by any
Group Company, to the extent that such communications are in respect of the matters
on which such professional advisers have been retained to advise such Group
Company;

(F) taking his or her own independent legal advice, on a confidential basis;

(G) _ making any mandatory disclosure in any legal proceeding (including any arbitral or
tribunal proceedings);

(A) responding truthfully in any internal process of the Group (including any complaint,
disciplinary or grievance or whistleblowing processes or confidential internal

management operating and reporting processes); or

(00) taking part in (or making any statement in any materials prepared for) any meeting of
the board of any Group Company or any committee thereof;

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 58


===== page 63 =====
(ii) at any time while Employed by any Group Company and during the Restricted Period be
concerned in any business operating in the Restricted Territories which is competitive with
any part of the business or businesses carried on by any Group Company at the Relevant Date
or during the period of 12 months prior to the Relevant Date;

(iii) at any time while Employed by any Group Company and during the Restricted Period:

(A) solicit or attempt to solicit from his or her employment with any Group Company any
person who is at the Relevant Date or was during the period of 12 months prior to the
Relevant Date a Group Employee of any Group Company with a title of Manager’, or
any equivalent or higher level of seniority from time to time; or

(B) employ or attempt to employ any person who is at the Relevant Date or during the
period of 12 months prior to the Relevant Date a Group Employee with a title of
‘Manager’, or any equivalent or higher level of seniority from time to time,

provided that this provision shall not apply to the Employment or attempted Employment of
any such Group Employee who makes an unsolicited response to a general recruitment
advertisement or campaign;

(iv) at any time while Employed by any Group Company and during the Restricted Period induce
or attempt to induce any person who is at the Relevant Date or was during the period of 12
months prior to the Relevant Date a supplier of goods or services to a Group Company
(including, without limitation, any contractor of a Group Company), to cease to supply, or to
restrict or vary the terms of supply to, a Group Company;

(v) at any time while Employed by any Group Company and during the Restricted Period solicit
or attempt to solicit the custom of, or deal or endeavour to deal with, any person who is at the
Relevant Date or who:

(A) at any time during the period of two years prior to the Relevant Date, was a customer
of any Group Company; or

(B) at any time during the period of 12 months prior to the Relevant Date, had any
dealings, negotiations or discussions with any Group Company with a view to
entering into a contract with any Group Company (provided that such Sweet Leaver
was involved in those dealings, negotiations or discussions with that person or
otherwise knew or ought reasonably to have known that the relevant Group Company
had engaged in such dealings, negotiations or discussions),

in each case so as to compete with, or harm the goodwill of, the Company or any other Group
Company; or

(vi) at any time use or (insofar as the Sweet Leaver can do so) allow to be used (except by the
Group Companies) any trade name used by a Group Company prior to the Relevant Date or
any other name intended or likely to be confused with such a trade name;

Sweet Termination Date means the date on which the relevant person becomes a Sweet Leaver.

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 59


===== page 64 =====
(b)

(d)

Upon a person becoming a Sweet Leaver, unless the Board (or any committee to which the Board
delegates responsibility for such purposes) (acting with Investor Consent) resolves otherwise, the
relevant C1 Shares and D1 Shares held by a Sweet Leaver (who is not a Minority Co-Investor Sweet
Leaver) shall not entitle the holder thereof:

(i) to attend or vote, either personally or by proxy, at any general meeting or class meeting of the
Company, or vote for the purposes of any written resolution of the Company; or

(ii) to any information rights beyond those required by law.

Upon a person becoming a Sweet Leaver, if the Board (or any committee to which the Board delegates
responsibility for such purposes) (acting with Investor Consent) within the Sweet Leaver Period so
resolves, each Mandatory Sweet Transferor shall transfer the Sweet Leaver's Shares held by the
Mandatory Sweet Transferor (or such of them as the Board (or any committee to which the Board
delegates responsibility) (with Investor Consent) may resolve) to such persons, being:

(i) Employees or prospective Employees of any Group Company or persons who undertake to
transfer those Sweet Leaver's Shares to Employees of any Group Company;

(ii) the Employee Trust (other than on behalf of any Sweet Leaver);

(iii) any A Shareholder or member of the Investors’ Group for onward transfer to any person falling
within paragraph (i) or (ii) above; and/or

(iv) the Company (subject to compliance with the Companies Act 2006),

as the Board (or any committee to which the Board delegates responsibility for such purposes) may
nominate by written notice to the Sweet Leaver within 60 days of such resolution.

The price for the Sweet Leaver's Shares applying to any transfer under paragraph (c) (the Sweet
Leaver Price) shall, unless the transferor and the Board (or any committee to which the Board
delegates responsibility for such purposes) (with Investor Consent) agree some other price, be the C1
Share Price, C2 Share Price, D1 Share Price and the D2 Share Price (as applicable), where:

(i) the C1 Share Price and the D1 Share Price shall be determined as follows:

(A) if the Sweet Leaver is a Good Sweet Leaver, the C1 Share Price and the D1 Share
Price (as applicable) shall be the Fair Price;

(B) if the Sweet Leaver is a Bad Sweet Leaver, the C1 Share Price and the D1 Share Price
(as applicable) shall be the lower of the Subscription Price and the Fair Price (unless
the Board (or any committee to which the Board delegates responsibility for such
purposes) (with Investor Consent) resolves that the C1 Share Price and/or the D1
Share Price (as applicable) shall be the Subscription Price (the Bad Sweet Leaver
Price); or

(Cc) if the Sweet Leaver is an Intermediate Sweet Leaver, the price for the Relevant
Percentage of the Cl Shares and the D1 Shares (as applicable) (or Shares which have
been granted in respect of Cl Shares and D1 Shares (as applicable)) to be transferred
shall be the Fair Price and the price for the remainder of such Shares shall be the lower
of the Subscription Price and the Fair Price;

(ii) if the Sweet Leaver is a Minority Co-Investor Sweet Leaver, the C2 Share Price and the D2
Share Price shall be equal to 75% of the Fair Price in respect of such Sweet Leaver's C2
Shares or D2 Shares (as applicable);

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 60


===== page 65 =====
(e)

(f)

(g)

(h)

(iii) the relevant C1 Share Price, C2 Share Price, D1 Share Price and D2 Share Price (as applicable)
shall be calculated as at the date the Sweet Leaver becomes a Sweet Leaver (or the date on
which a Minority Co-Investor Sweet Leaver’s Sweet Leaver's Shares are transferred in
accordance with this Article 60 following the Minority Co-Investor Buyback Date (if later));
and

(iv) the relevant Sweet Leaver Price shall be allocated among the Mandatory Sweet Transferors
proportionately relative to the corresponding Sweet Leaver’s Shares held by them.

The relevant Sweet Leaver Price shall be paid in cash on the date on which the Sweet Leaver transfers
their relevant Sweet Leaver's Shares pursuant to this Article 60.

The parties acknowledge that:

(i) any Sweet Leaver’s Shares transferred to an A Shareholder, B Shareholder, C Shareholder or
member of the Investors' Group in accordance with these Articles may be subsequently
transferred, provided such further transfer is permitted pursuant to these Articles; and

(ii) if so determined by the Board (or any committee to which the Board delegates responsibility
for such purposes) (with Investor Consent), a person to whom Sweet Leaver's Shares are
transferred in accordance with these Articles may be required to pay a higher price for those
Sweet Leaver's Shares than the relevant Sweet Leaver Price, in which event the difference
between such price and the relevant Sweet Leaver Price shall be paid by the transferee of the
Sweet Leaver's Shares to the Company.

If the Investors or the Board (or any committee to which the Board delegates responsibility for such
purposes) become aware of facts, matters or circumstances in respect of a Sweet Leaver (other than
any Minority Co-Investor Sweet Leaver) who was previously treated as a Good Sweet Leaver or an
Intermediate Sweet Leaver which would, had they been known to the Investors or any Group Company
and applied at the relevant time, enabled that person to be treated as a Bad Sweet Leaver, then the
Board (or any committee to which the Board delegates responsibility for such purposes) (with Investor
Consent) may resolve that such Sweet Leaver be re-designated as a Bad Sweet Leaver. If the Board
(or any committee to which the Board delegates responsibility for such purposes) (with Investor
Consent) so resolves, the relevant Sweet Leaver Price determined in accordance with paragraph (d)
(the Original Sweet Price) shall be adjusted to reduce that Sweet Leaver Price to the relevant Bad
Sweet Leaver Price, calculated as at the date of transfer of the Sweet Leaver’s Shares (unless the Sweet
Leaver and the Board (or any committee to which the Board delegates responsibility for such purposes)
(with Investor Consent) agree some other price) (the Adjusted Sweet Price) and if the Adjusted Sweet
Price is lower than the Original Sweet Price, the Sweet Leaver shall repay the difference to the
Company.

Where the Board (or any committee to which the Board may delegate such responsibility), acting with
Investor Consent, notifies a Sweet Leaver of its determination of the C1 Share Price, C2 Share Price,
D1 Share Price and/or D2 Share Price (as applicable) applicable to his/her Sweet Leaver’s Shares in
accordance with paragraph (d) in writing (Notice of Sweet Price), and the Sweet Leaver (acting with
the prior written consent of the Manager and Minority Co-Investor Representative) disputes such
Notice of Sweet Price by serving written notice on the Board within 10 Business Days following the
service of that Notice of Sweet Price, the Fair Price in respect of the relevant Sweet Leaver’s Cl
Shares, C2 Shares, D1 Shares and/or D2 Shares (as applicable) (for the purpose of determining their
corresponding C1 Share Price, C2 Share Price, D1 Share Price and/or D2 Share Price (as applicable))
shall be determined by the Independent Expert as follows:

(0) the Board (or any committee to which the Board may delegate such responsibility), acting
with Investor Consent, shall promptly instruct the Independent Expert to determine the Fair

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 61


===== page 66 =====
Price on the basis which, in their opinion, represents a fair market value for (a) such Sweet
Leaver’s C1 Shares and/or D1 Shares (as applicable) at the Sweet Termination Date or (b)
such Sweet Leaver’s C2 Shares and/or D2 Shares (applicable) at the later, as the case may be,
of (x) the Sweet Termination Date and (y) any applicable Minority Co-Investor Buyback Date,
in each case as between a willing seller and a willing buyer and on a going concern basis
(provided that this is the case) and, in making such determination, the Independent Expert
shall take into account:

(A) the rights and restrictions attached to such Shares in respect of income and capital;
(B) the fact that the Shares are not quoted on any regulated investment exchange;

(C) the group turnover, future and actual cash generation, current and future profitability
and growth prospects of the Group;

(D) any unencumbered and freely transferable cash balances and marketable securities
owned by the Company and any other Group Company;

(E) all borrowings, guarantees and any other actual or contingent liabilities of the
Company and any other Group Company;

(F) the value and existence of any minority interests in any Group Company; and

(G) the market value of other companies of a similar size operating in similar markets to
the Company (taking into account all other factors in this paragraph (h));

but shall take no account of:

(H) whether the Sweet Leaver’s C1 Shares, C2 Shares, D1 Shares and/or D2 Shares (as
applicable) comprise a majority or minority interest in the Company; or

00) the fact that the transferability of the Sweet Leaver's C1 Shares, C2 Shares, D1 Shares
and/or D2 Shares (as applicable) is restricted in accordance with the Investment Deed
and these Articles;

(ii) the Independent Expert shall certify the Fair Price for the C1 Shares, C2 Shares, DI Shares
and/or D2 Shares (as applicable) as soon as possible after being instructed by the Board (or
any committee to which the Board may delegate such responsibility) and, in so certifying, the
Independent Expert shall be deemed to be acting as expert and not as arbiter and the
Arbitration Act 1996 shall not apply;

(iii) _ the certificate of the Independent Expert shall, in the absence of manifest error, be final and
binding; and

(iv) the Board (or any committee to which the Board may delegate such responsibility) shall
procure that any certificate required hereunder is obtained with due expedition and the cost of
obtaining such certificate shall be borne by the Company unless (A) such an arrangement
would not be permitted by law or (B) where the Fair Price as determined by the Independent
Expert is less than 110% of the price (if any) which the Board (or any committee to which the
Board delegates responsibility) had previously notified to the Sweet Leaver pursuant to the
Notice of Sweet Price as being in its opinion the Fair Price for the C1 Shares, C2 Shares, D1
Shares and/or D2 Shares (as applicable) (for the purpose of determining their corresponding
Cl Share Price, C2 Share, D1 Share Price and/or D2 Share Price (as applicable)) (or, if the
price which the Board (or any committee to which the Board may delegate such responsibility)
had previously notified pursuant to the Notice of Sweet Price was zero, the Fair Price as

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 62


===== page 67 =====
determined by the Independent Expert is less than 10% of the price at which the relevant C1
Share, C2 Share, D1 Share or D2 Share (as applicable) was issued, being the aggregate of the
amount paid up or credited as paid up in respect of the nominal value thereof and any share
premium thereon of such Cl Share, C2 Share, D1 Share or D2 Share (as applicable)), in which
event the cost shall be borne by the Sweet Leaver and deducted from the consideration payable
to such Sweet Leaver for the Cl Shares, C2 Shares, DI Shares and/or D2 Shares (as
applicable) being transferred pursuant to this Article 60.

61. MRP Leaver Provisions
(a) For the purposes of this Article 61:

Bad MRP Leaver means an MRP Leaver who has not been designated as a Good MRP Leaver by the
Board (or any committee to which the Board delegates responsibility for such purposes) and who is
not a Very Bad MRP Leaver, whose cessation of Employment occurs as a result of:

(i) resignation at any time prior to the fifth anniversary of the Completion Date (in circumstances
that are not determined by an appropriate court or tribunal to amount to constructive
dismissal); or

(ii) dismissal for reasons of wilful misconduct, gross negligence or any reasons justifying, or
which would justify, summary dismissal under such MRP Leaver's service agreement or terms
of appointment;

Buyer means Actium Bidco (US) Ltd;
Cause means, in relation to an MRP Leaver:
@ the MRP Leaver's conviction or entering a plea of nolo contendere to a felony;

(ii) the MRP Leaver’s refusal to perform the MRP Leaver's lawful duties or responsibilities
assigned to the MRP Leaver in accordance with the terms of such MRP Leaver’s employment
agreement, excluding any such failure by reason of death, disability, or incapacity;

(iii) any material violation of any written policy of the Group that results in a material negative
effect on the business or reputation of any Group Company;

(iv) the MRP Leaver’s wilful malfeasance or gross negligence or intentional misconduct in the
performance of the MRP Leaver’s duties under such MRP Leaver’s employment agreement
that has a material negative effect on the business or reputation of any Group Company;

(v) the MRP Leaver engaging in intentional acts of material fraud against its employer within the
Group in connection with the performance of the MRP Leaver's duties under such MRP
Leaver’s employment agreement; or

(vi) any other material breach by the MRP Leaver of such MRP Leaver's employment agreement,

provided that a failure by the MRP Leaver to provide any notification which the MRP Leaver is
required to make under section 2.4.3 of the MRP Leaver’s employment agreement (if applicable) shall
not of itself constitute "Cause" for the purposes of these Articles. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
"Cause" shall not exist unless prior to any termination by the relevant Group Company for "Cause"
such Group Company provides the MRP Leaver with written notice of the specific conduct alleged to
constitute "Cause" within 30 days of the Group Company’s actual knowledge of such specific conduct
and the MRP Leaver fails to cure such conduct to the reasonable satisfaction of the Buyer within 30
days;

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 63


===== page 68 =====
Good MRP Leaver means:

(i) in the period beginning on the Putter Closing Date and ending on the MRP Vesting Date, a
person who becomes an MRP Leaver as a result of:

(A)

(B)
(C)

(D)

(E)
(F)
(G)

retirement at the statutory retirement age applicable to such MRP Leaver in the
country in which the MRP Leaver is Employed;

death;

having suffered a physical or mental deterioration which is sufficiently serious to
permanently prevent such MRP Leaver from continuing Employment, as determined
by two independent medical physicians reasonably acceptable to the Buyer (engaged
at the MRP Leaver’s sole expense);

becoming a full-time carer for a Family Member who has suffered a physical or
mental deterioration which is sufficiently serious to permanently prevent such MRP
Leaver from continuing Employment, as determined by two independent medical
physicians reasonably acceptable to the Buyer (engaged at the MRP Leaver's sole
expense); or

dismissal or termination without Cause;

resignation for Good Reason; or

otherwise being designated a Good MRP Leaver by the Buyer;

(ii) after the MRP Vesting Date, an MRP Leaver who:

(A)

(B)

(C)

becomes an MRP Leaver as a result of:

qd) retirement at the statutory retirement age applicable to such MRP Leaver in
the country in which the MRP Leaver is Employed;

(2) death;

(3) having suffered a physical or mental deterioration which is sufficiently
serious to permanently prevent such MRP Leaver from continuing
Employment, as determined by two independent medical physicians
reasonably acceptable to the Investors (engaged at the MRP Leaver's sole
expense);

(4) becoming a full time carer for a Family Member who has suffered a physical
or mental deterioration which is sufficiently serious to permanently prevent
such MRP Leaver from continuing Employment, as determined by two
independent medical physicians reasonably acceptable to the Investors
(engaged at the MRP Leaver's sole expense); or

(5) wrongful dismissal;

is designated a Good MRP Leaver by the Board (or any committee to which the Board
delegates responsibility for such purposes) (with Investor Consent);

is an MRP Leaver who is neither a Bad MRP Leaver nor a Very Bad MRP Leaver;

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 64


===== page 69 =====
(b)

Good Reason means, in relation to an MRP Leaver:

(i) material diminution in the MRP Leaver's base salary set forth in such MRP Leaver’s
employment agreement, other than as agreed in writing with the MRP Leaver;

(ii) changing the MRP Leaver’s principal place of work to a location other than that which is set
forth in such MRP Leaver’s employment agreement, other than as agreed in writing with the
MRP Leaver; or

(iii) material breach by the relevant Group Company of its obligation to pay the MRP Leaver in
accordance with such MRP Leaver’s employment agreement,

provided, however, that no act or omission described in paragraphs (i) through (iii) will be treated as
"Good Reason" under these Articles unless: (A) the MRP Leaver delivers to the relevant Group
Company a written statement of the basis for the MRP Leaver’s belief that Good Reason exists within
90 days of the MRP Leaver’s knowledge of the event giving rise to the claim of Good Reason; (B) the
MRP Leaver gives the relevant Group Company 30 days after the delivery of such statement to cure
the condition; and (C) the MRP Leaver resigns during the 30-day period which begins immediately
after the end of such 30-day cure period if Good Reason continues to exist after the end of such 30-
day cure period;

Mandatory MRP Transferor means, in relation to an MRP Leaver, each person holding the MRP
Leaver's MRP Securities (which may, for the avoidance of doubt, include any Employee Trust);

MRP Leaver means any person on whose behalf any Employee Trust holds MRP Securities and who
is at the Putter Closing Date, or who later becomes, an Employee of a Group Company shall become
an MRP Leaver immediately upon the earliest of:

(i) giving or receiving notice that the relevant person will cease to be, or the relevant person
otherwise ceasing to be, an Employee of a Group Company (in each case other than as a result
of the Group disposing of all or substantially all of its assets); or

(ii) becoming entitled by reason of illness or disablement giving rise to permanent incapacity to
receive benefits under the permanent health insurance scheme of the Company or any member
of the Group;

MRP Leaver Period means 12 months from the MRP Termination Date;
MRP Termination Date means the date on which the relevant person becomes an MRP Leaver;

MRP Vesting Date means the date which falls three years and six calendar months after the Putter
Closing Date; and

Very Bad MRP Leaver means an MRP Leaver:

@ whose cessation of Employment occurs as a result of dismissal for reasons of fraud or
conviction of a criminal offence punishable by imprisonment (excluding any offence under
road traffic legislation in respect of which a custodial sentence is not imposed); or

(ii) who has been treated as a Good MRP Leaver or a Bad MRP Leaver but who is redesignated
as a Very Bad MRP Leaver in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (f) above.

Upon a person becoming an MRP Leaver, if the Board (or any committee to which the Board delegates
responsibility for such purposes) (acting with Investor Consent) within the MRP Leaver Period so
resolves, each Mandatory MRP Transferor shall transfer the MRP Leaver's MRP Securities held by

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 65


===== page 70 =====
the Mandatory MRP Transferor (or such of them as the Board (or any committee to which the Board
delegates responsibility) (with Investor Consent) may resolve) to such persons as the Board (or any
committee to which the Board delegates responsibility for such purposes) may nominate by written
notice to the MRP Leaver within 60 days of such resolution. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in this Article 61(b) or Article 61(c), in the event that a person becomes an MRP Leaver prior to the
MRP Vesting Date and is a Good MRP Leaver, or a person becomes an MRP Leaver on or following
the MRP Vesting Date, (i) no MRP Shares held by the MRP Leaver shall be subject to transfer in
accordance with this Article 61(b), (ii) any MRP Priority Shares received by the MRP Leaver as a
result of a Distribution Conversion or a Book Up Conversion shall be subject to transfer in accordance
with this Article 61(b) immediately following the date of the Distribution Conversion or Book Up
Conversion, as applicable, (iii) the MRP Leaver Period shall begin on the date of the Distribution
Conversion or Book Up Conversion, and (iv) the MRP Priority Share Price set forth in Article 61(c)(iti)
shall be determined as of the MRP Termination Date (and not, for the avoidance of doubt, the date on
which the MRP Priority Shares are transferred pursuant to this Article 61).

(c) The price for the MRP Leaver's MRP Securities applying to any transfer under paragraph (b) above
(the MRP Leaver Price) shall, unless the transferor and the Board (or any committee to which the
Board delegates responsibility for such purposes) (with Investor Consent) agree some other price, be
the MRP Share Price, the MRP Priority Share Price and the MRP Ordinary Share Price (in each case
as applicable), where:

(i) the MRP Share Price shall be zero;

(ii) if the MRP Leaver becomes an MRP Leaver before or on the MRP Vesting Date, the MRP
Ordinary Share Price shall be zero;

(iii) the MRP Priority Share Price shall be determined as follows:

(A) if the MRP Leaver is a Good MRP Leaver, the MRP Priority Share Price shall be (i)
the MRP Priority Subscription Amount plus (ii) the MRP Priority Amount (excluding
the MRP Priority Conversion Date Amount), in each case in respect of such MRP
Leaver's MRP Priority Shares from the Putter Closing Date;

(B) if the MRP Leaver becomes an MRP Leaver before or on the MRP Vesting Date and
is not a Good MRP Leaver, the MRP Priority Share Price shall be zero;

(C) if the MRP Leaver becomes an MRP Leaver after the MRP Vesting Date and is a Bad
MRP Leaver, the MRP Priority Share Price shall be (i) the MRP Priority Subscription
Amount plus (ii) the MRP Priority Amount (excluding the MRP Priority Conversion
Date Amount), in each case in respect of such MRP Leaver's MRP Priority Shares,
provided that the MRP Priority Amount (excluding the MRP Priority Conversion Date
Amount) shall be recalculated (including in respect of any compounding interest) as
if the MRP Priority Amount (excluding the MRP Priority Conversion Date Amount)
on each such MRP Priority Share had been accruing at a rate of 5% per annum (rather
than 12% per annum) from the Putter Closing Date (the Adjusted MRP Priority
Amount); and

(D) if the MRP Leaver becomes an MRP Leaver after the MRP Vesting Date and is a Very
Bad MRP Leaver, the MRP Priority Share Price shall be the MRP Priority
Subscription Amount in respect of such MRP Leaver's MRP Priority Shares;

(iv) the relevant MRP Priority Share Price shall be calculated as at the date of the transfer of the
MRP Leaver’s MRP Securities; and

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 66


===== page 71 =====
(v) the relevant MRP Leaver Price shall be distributed among the Mandatory MRP Transferors
proportionately relative to the corresponding MRP Leaver's MRP Securities held by them.

(d) The relevant MRP Leaver Price shall be paid in cash on the date on which the MRP Leaver transfers
their relevant MRP Securities pursuant to this Article 61.

(e) The parties acknowledge that:

(i) any MRP Leaver's MRP Securities transferred to an A Shareholder, B Shareholder, Priority
Shareholder or member of the Investors' Group in accordance with these Articles may be
subsequently transferred, provided such further transfer is permitted pursuant to these Articles;
and

(ii) if so determined by the Board (or any committee to which the Board delegates responsibility
for such purposes) (with Investor Consent), a person to whom an MRP Leaver's MRP
Securities are transferred in accordance with these Articles may be required to pay a higher
price for those MRP Leaver's MRP Securities than the relevant MRP Leaver Price, in which
event the difference between such price and the relevant MRP Leaver Price shall be paid by
the transferee of the MRP Leaver's MRP Securities to the Company.

(f) If the Investors or the Board (or any committee to which the Board delegates responsibility for such
purposes) become aware of facts, matters or circumstances in respect of an MRP Leaver who was
previously treated as a Good MRP Leaver or a Bad MRP Leaver which would, had they been known
to the Investors or any Group Company and applied at the relevant time, enabled that person to be
treated as a Very Bad MRP Leaver, then the Board (or any committee to which the Board delegates
responsibility for such purposes) (with Investor Consent) may resolve that such MRP Leaver be re-
designated as a Very Bad MRP Leaver. If the Board (or any committee to which the Board delegates
responsibility for such purposes) (with Investor Consent) so resolves, the relevant MRP Leaver Price
determined in accordance with paragraph (c) above (the Original MRP Price) shall be adjusted to
reduce that MRP Leaver Price to the relevant MRP Leaver Price for a Very Bad MRP Leaver,
calculated as at the date of transfer of the MRP Leaver's Securities (unless the MRP Leaver and the
Board (or any committee to which the Board delegates responsibility for such purposes) (with Investor
Consent) agree some other price) (the Adjusted MRP Price) and if the Adjusted MRP Price is lower
than the Original MRP Price, the MRP Leaver shall repay the difference to the Company or to Midco
1 (as applicable).

(g) If at any time on or after an MRP Leaver's MRP Termination Date such MRP Leaver retains any MRP
Securities (the Retained MRP Securities), unless otherwise determined by the Board (or any
committee to which the Board delegates responsibility for such purposes) (with Investor Consent):

(i) if the MRP Leaver is a Good MRP Leaver, the MRP Priority Amount or interest (as applicable)
in respect of such MRP Leaver's Retained MRP Securities shall continue to accrue at the same
rate as immediately prior to such MRP Leaver's MRP Termination Date;

(ii) if the MRP Leaver is a Bad MRP Leaver, the MRP Priority Amount or interest (as applicable)
in respect of such MRP Leaver's Retained MRP Securities shall, with automatic effect from
the MRP Leaver's MRP Termination Date, be reduced to the Adjusted MRP Priority Amount
and any MRP Priority Amount or interest thereon (excluding the MRP Priority Conversion
Date Amount) shall be recalculated (including in respect of any compounding amount or
interest) as if the MRP Priority Amount or interest (as applicable) on such MRP Leaver's
Retained MRP Securities (excluding the MRP Priority Conversion Date Amount) had been
accruing at the Adjusted MRP Priority Amount from the Putter Closing Date;

(iii) if the MRP Leaver is a Very Bad MRP Leaver or becomes one by operation of paragraph (f)
above, the MRP Priority Amount (excluding the MRP Priority Conversion Date Amount) or

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 67


===== page 72 =====
62.

(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

63.

(a)

interest (as applicable) in respect of such MRP Leaver's Retained MRP Securities shall, with
automatic effect from the MRP Leaver's MRP Termination Date, cease to accrue (and shall
be deemed to have ceased to accrue) any MRP Priority Amount (excluding the MRP Priority
Conversion Date Amount) or interest (as applicable), and any MRP Priority Amount
(excluding the MRP Priority Conversion Date Amount) or interest accrued from the Putter
Closing Date shall be deemed waived, written off, deferred or otherwise forfeited as directed
by the Investors (and the parties shall (if so directed by the Investors) take any necessary steps
to effect the same); and

(iv) to the extent that any accrued interest or MRP Priority Amount (excluding the MRP Priority
Conversion Date Amount) (as applicable) in respect of the Retained MRP Securities had
previously been paid in cash to the MRP Leaver, such amounts shall become automatically
repayable by the MRP Leaver to the Company or to Midco | (as applicable).

DIVIDENDS AND OTHER DISTRIBUTIONS
Procedure for declaring dividends

Subject to Article 42 (Income rights), the Company may (with Investor Consent) by ordinary
resolution declare dividends, and the Directors may decide to pay or otherwise satisfy interim
dividends in accordance with the Articles.

A dividend must not be declared unless the Directors have (with Investor Consent) made a
recommendation as to its amount. Such a dividend must not exceed the amount recommended by the
Directors.

No dividend may be declared, paid or otherwise satisfied unless it is in accordance with Shareholders’
respective rights.

Unless the Shareholders' resolution to declare or Directors' decision to pay or satisfy a dividend, or the
terms on which Shares are issued, specify otherwise, it must be paid or satisfied by reference to each
Shareholder's holding of Shares on the date of the resolution or decision to declare or pay it.

Payment of dividends and other distributions

Where a dividend or other sum which is a distribution is payable in respect of a Share in cash, it must
be paid by one or more of the following means at the relevant time (subject to MRP Vesting, if
applicable):

(i) transfer to a bank or building society account specified by the Distribution Recipient either in
writing or as the Directors may otherwise decide;

(ii) sending a cheque made payable to the Distribution Recipient by post to the Distribution
Recipient at the Distribution Recipient's registered address (if the Distribution Recipient is a
holder of the Share), or (in any other case) to an address specified by the Distribution Recipient
either in writing or as the Directors may otherwise decide;

(iii) sending a cheque made payable to such person by post to such person at such address as the
Distribution Recipient has specified either in writing or as the Directors may otherwise decide;

(iv) transferring to an Escrow Account in accordance with the agreed terms of such Escrow
Account; or

(v) any other means of payment as the Directors agree with the Distribution Recipient either in
writing or by such other means as the Directors decide.

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 68


===== page 73 =====
(b)

64.

65.

(a)

(b)

(c)

66.

(a)

In these Articles, the Distribution Recipient means, in respect of a Share in respect of which a
dividend or other sum is payable:

(i) the holder of the Share; or

(ii) if the Share has two or more joint holders, whichever of them is named first in the register of
members; or

(iii) if the holder is no longer entitled to the Share by reason of death or bankruptcy, or otherwise
by operation of law, the Transmittee.

No interest on distributions

The Company may not pay interest on any dividend or other sum payable in respect of a Share unless
otherwise provided by:

(a) the terms on which the Share was issued; or

(b) the provisions of another agreement between the holder of that Share and the Company.
Unclaimed distributions

All dividends or other sums which are:

(i) payable in respect of Shares; and

(ii) unclaimed after having been declared or become payable,

may be invested or otherwise made use of by the Directors for the benefit of the Company until
claimed.

The payment of any such dividend or other sum into a separate account does not make the Company
a trustee in respect of it.

If:

(i) 12 years have passed from the date on which a dividend or other sum became due for payment;
and

(ii) the Distribution Recipient has not claimed it,

the Distribution Recipient is no longer entitled to that dividend or other sum and it ceases to remain
owing by the Company.

Non-cash distributions

Subject to the terms of issue of the Share in question, the Company may, by ordinary resolution on the
recommendation of the Directors, decide to pay all or part of a dividend or other distribution payable
in respect of a Share by transferring non-cash assets of equivalent value (including, without limitation,
Shares or other securities in any Company) (provided no such ordinary resolution or recommendation
of the Directors shall be required in connection with a Distribution Conversion which shall occur
automatically).

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 69


===== page 74 =====
(b)

67.

68.

(a)

(b)

(d)

Without prejudice to Articles 44(b)(ii) and 45 (Distribution Conversion), for the purposes of paying a
non-cash distribution, the Directors may make whatever arrangements they think fit, including, where
any difficulty arises regarding the distribution:

(i) fixing the value of any assets;

(ii) paying cash to any Distribution Recipient on the basis of that value in order to adjust the rights
of recipients; and

(iii) _ vesting any assets in trustees.
Waiver of distributions

Distribution Recipients may waive their entitlement to a dividend or other distribution payable in
respect of a Share by giving the Company notice in writing to that effect, but if:

(a) the Share has more than one holder; or

(b) more than one person is entitled to the Share, whether by reason of the death or bankruptcy of
one or more joint holders, or otherwise,

the notice is not effective unless it is expressed to be given, and signed, by all the holders or persons
otherwise entitled to the Share.

CAPITALISATION OF PROFITS

Authority to capitalise and appropriation of capitalised sums

Subject to the Articles, the Directors may, if they are so authorised by an ordinary resolution:

(i) decide to capitalise any profits of the Company (whether or not they are available for
distribution) which are not required for paying any Priority Amount or MRP Priority Amount,
or any sum standing to the credit of the Company's share premium account or capital
redemption reserve; and

(ii) appropriate any sum which they so decide to capitalise (a Capitalised Sum) to the persons
who would have been entitled to it if it were distributed by way of dividend (the Persons
Entitled) and in the same proportions.

Capitalised Sums must be applied:

(i) on behalf of the Persons Entitled; and

(ii) in the same proportions as a dividend would have been distributed to them.

Any Capitalised Sum may be applied in paying up new shares of a nominal amount equal to the

Capitalised Sum which are then allotted credited as fully paid to the Persons Entitled or as they may

direct.

A Capitalised Sum which was appropriated from profits available for distribution may be applied in

paying up new debentures of the Company which are then allotted credited as fully paid to the Persons
Entitled or as they may direct.

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 70


===== page 75 =====
(e)

69.

70.

(a)

(b)

71.

(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

(e)

Subject to the Articles the Directors may:

(i) apply Capitalised Sums in accordance with paragraphs (c) and (d) above partly in one way
and partly in another;

(ii) make such arrangements as they think fit to deal with shares or debentures becoming
distributable in fractions under this Article 68 (including the issuing of fractional certificates
or the making of cash payments); and

(iii) authorise any person to enter into an agreement with the Company on behalf of all the Persons
Entitled which is binding on them in respect of the allotment of shares and debentures to them
under this Article 68.

ORGANISATION OF GENERAL MEETINGS

Convening of general meeting

The Directors or any Investor Director may call a general meeting.

Notice of general meeting

Subject to the provisions of these Articles and to any restrictions imposed on any Shares, notice of

general meeting shall be given to all Shareholders, to all persons entitled to a Share by reason of the

death or bankruptcy of a Shareholder and to the Directors and auditors.

A Shareholder present either in person or by proxy, at any general meeting of the Company shall be

deemed to have received notice of the meeting and, where requisite, of the purposes for which the

meeting was convened.

Attendance and speaking at general meetings

A person is able to exercise the right to speak at a general meeting when that person is in a position to

communicate to all those attending the meeting, during the meeting, any information or opinions which

that person has on the business of the meeting.

A person is able to exercise the right to vote at a general meeting when:

(i) that person is able to vote, during the meeting, on resolutions put to the vote at the meeting;
and

(ii) that person's vote can be taken into account in determining whether or not such resolutions are
passed at the same time as the votes of all the other persons attending the meeting.

The Directors may make whatever arrangements they consider appropriate to enable those attending
a general meeting to exercise their rights to speak or vote at it.

In determining attendance at a general meeting, it is immaterial whether any two or more Shareholders
attending it are in the same place as each other.

Two or more persons who are not in the same place as each other attend a general meeting if their
circumstances are such that if they have (or were to have) rights to speak and vote at that meeting, they
are (or would be) able to exercise them.

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 71


===== page 76 =====
72.

(a)

(b)

73.

(a)

(b)

(c)

14.
(a)
(b)

75.

(a)

(b)

(c)

Quorum for general meetings

No business other than the appointment of the Chair of the Meeting is to be transacted at a general
meeting if the persons attending it do not constitute a quorum. Two Shareholders present in person
(or by a duly authorised representative (in the case of a corporation)) or by proxy shall be a quorum at
any general meeting, of whom at least one shall be or represent an A Shareholder.

If at any adjourned meeting such a quorum is not present within 30 minutes from the time appointed
for the adjourned meeting the meeting shall be dissolved.

Chairing general meetings

If the Directors have appointed a Chair, the Chair shall chair general meetings if present and willing
to do so. The Chair is not entitled to a second or casting vote.

If the Directors have not appointed a Chair, or if the Chair is unwilling to chair the meeting or is not
present within 15 minutes of the time at which a meeting was due to start:

(i) the Directors present; or
(ii) (if no Directors are present), the meeting,

must appoint a Director or Shareholder (including a proxy or a corporate representative) to chair the
meeting, and the appointment of the Chair of the Meeting must be the first business of the meeting.

The person chairing a meeting in accordance with this Article 73 is referred to as the Chair of the
Meeting.

Attendance and speaking by Directors and non-Shareholders

Directors may attend and speak at general meetings, whether or not they are Shareholders.

The Chair of the Meeting may permit other persons who are not:

(i) Shareholders of the Company; or

(ii) otherwise entitled to exercise the rights of Shareholders in relation to general meetings,

to attend and speak at a general meeting.

Adjournment

If the persons attending a general meeting within half an hour of the time at which the meeting was

due to start do not constitute a quorum, or if during a meeting a quorum ceases to be present, the Chair

of the Meeting must adjourn it.

The Chair of the Meeting may adjourn a general meeting at which a quorum is present if:

@) the meeting consents to an adjournment; or

(ii) it appears to the Chair of the Meeting that an adjournment is necessary to protect the safety of
any person attending the meeting or ensure that the business of the meeting is conducted in an

orderly manner.

The Chair of the Meeting must adjourn a general meeting if directed to do so by the meeting.

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 72


===== page 77 =====
(d)

(e)

(fp)

76.

77.

(a)

(b)

78.

(a)

(b)

When adjourning a general meeting, the Chair of the Meeting must:

(i) either specify the time and place to which it is adjourned or state that it is to continue at a time
and place to be fixed by the Directors; and

(ii) have regard to any directions as to the time and place of any adjournment which have been
given by the meeting.

If the continuation of an adjourned meeting is to take place more than 14 days after it was adjourned,
the Company must give at least seven clear days' notice of it (that is, excluding the day of the adjourned
meeting and the day on which the notice is given):

(i) to the same persons to whom notice of the Company's general meetings is required to be given;
and
(ii) containing the same information which such notice is required to contain.

No business may be transacted at an adjourned general meeting which could not properly have been
transacted at the meeting if the adjournment had not taken place.

VOTING AT GENERAL MEETINGS
Voting — general

A resolution put to the vote of a general meeting must be decided on a show of hands unless a poll is
duly demanded in accordance with the Articles.

Errors and disputes

No objection may be raised to the qualification of any person voting at a general meeting except at the
meeting or adjourned meeting at which the vote objected to is tendered, and every vote not disallowed
at the meeting is valid.

Any such objection must be referred to the Chair of the Meeting, whose decision is final.

Poll votes

A poll on a resolution may be demanded:

(i) in advance of the general meeting where it is to be put to the vote; or

(ii) at a general meeting, either before a show of hands on that resolution or immediately after the
result of a show of hands on that resolution is declared.

A poll may be demanded by:

(i) the Chair of the Meeting;

(ii) the Directors; or

(iii) any Shareholder.

A demand for a poll may be withdrawn if:

@ the poll has not yet been taken; and

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 73


===== page 78 =====
(d)

79.

(a)

(b)

(d)

80.

(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

81.

(a)

(ii) the Chair of the Meeting consents to the withdrawal.

Polls must be taken immediately and in such manner as the Chair of the Meeting directs.
Content of Proxy Notices

Proxies may only validly be appointed by a notice in writing (a Proxy Notice) which:
(i) states the name and address of the Shareholder appointing the proxy;

(ii) identifies the person appointed to be that Shareholder's proxy and the general meeting in
relation to which that person is appointed;

(iii) _ is signed by or on behalf of the Shareholder appointing the proxy, or is authenticated in such
manner as the Directors may determine; and

(iv) is delivered to the Company in accordance with the Articles and any instructions contained in
the notice of the general meeting (or adjourned meeting) to which they relate.

The Company may require Proxy Notices to be delivered in a particular form, and may specify
different forms for different purposes.

Proxy Notices may specify how the proxy appointed under them is to vote (or that the proxy is to
abstain from voting) on one or more resolutions.

Unless a Proxy Notice indicates otherwise, it must be treated as:

(i) allowing the person appointed under it as a proxy discretion as to how to vote on any ancillary
or procedural resolutions put to the meeting; and

(ii) appointing that person as a proxy in relation to any adjournment of the general meeting to
which it relates as well as the meeting itself.

Delivery of Proxy Notices etc.
A person who is entitled to attend, speak or vote (either on a show of hands or on a poll) at a general
meeting remains so entitled in respect of that meeting or any adjournment of it, even though a valid

Proxy Notice has been delivered to the Company by or on behalf of that person.

An appointment under a Proxy Notice may be revoked by delivering to the Company a notice in
writing given by or on behalf of the person by whom or on whose behalf the Proxy Notice was given.

A notice revoking a proxy appointment only takes effect if it is delivered before the start of the meeting
or adjourned meeting to which it relates.

If a Proxy Notice is not executed by the person appointing the proxy, it must be accompanied by
written evidence of the authority of the person who executed it to execute it on the appointor's behalf.

Amendments to resolutions
An ordinary resolution to be proposed at a general meeting may be amended by ordinary resolution if:
(@ notice of the proposed amendment is given to the Company in writing by a person entitled to

vote at the general meeting at which it is to be proposed not less than 48 hours before the
meeting is to take place (or such later time as the Chair of the Meeting may determine); and

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 74


===== page 79 =====
(b)

(c)

82.

(a)

(b)

(c)

83.

(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

(ii) the proposed amendment does not, in the reasonable opinion of the Chair of the Meeting,
materially alter the scope of the resolution.

A special resolution to be proposed at a general meeting may be amended by ordinary resolution, if:

a the Chair of the Meeting proposes the amendment at the general meeting at which the
resolution is to be proposed; and

(ii) the amendment does not go beyond what is necessary to correct a grammatical or other
non-substantive error in the resolution.

If the Chair of the Meeting, acting in good faith, wrongly decides that an amendment to a resolution
is out of order, this error does not invalidate the vote on that resolution.

ADMINISTRATIVE ARRANGEMENTS
Means of communication to be used

Subject to the Articles, anything sent or supplied by or to the Company under the Articles may be sent
or supplied in any way in which the Companies Act provides for documents or information which are
authorised or required by any provision of that Act to be sent or supplied by or to the Company.

Subject to the Articles, any notice or document to be sent or supplied to a Director in connection with
the taking of decisions by Directors may also be sent or supplied by the means by which that Director
has asked to be sent or supplied with such notices or documents for the time being.

A Director may agree with the Company that notices or documents sent to that Director in a particular
way are to be deemed to have been received within a specified time of their being sent, and for the
specified time to be less than 48 hours.

When a communication from the Company is deemed received

Any document or information, if sent by first class post, shall be deemed to have been received on the
day following that on which the envelope containing it is put into the post, or, if sent by second class
post, shall be deemed to have been received on the second day following that on which the envelope
containing it is put into the post and in proving that a document or information has been received it
shall be sufficient to prove that the letter, envelope or wrapper containing the document or information
was properly addressed, prepaid and put into the post.

Any document or information not sent by post but left at a registered address or address at which a
document or information may be received shall be deemed to have been received on the day it was so
lefi.

Any document or information, if sent or supplied by electronic means, shall be deemed to have been
received on the day on which the document or information was sent or supplied by or on behalf of the
Company.

If the Company receives a delivery failure notification following a communication by electronic means
in accordance with paragraph (c) above, the Company shall send or supply the document or
information in hard copy or electronic form (but not by electronic means) to the Shareholder either
personally or by post addressed to the Shareholder at the Shareholder's registered address or by leaving
it at that address. This shall not affect when the document or information was deemed to be received
in accordance with paragraph (c) above.

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 75


===== page 80 =====
(e)

a)

84.

85.

(a)

(b)
(c)

(d)

(e)

86.

87.

Where a document or information is sent or supplied by means of a website, it shall be deemed to have
been received:

(i) when the material was first made available on the website; or

(ii) if later, when the recipient was deemed to have received notice of the fact that the material
was available on the website.

Every person who becomes entitled to a Share shall be bound by every notice in respect of that Share
which before that person's name is entered in the register of members was given to the person from
whom the person derives title to the Share.

Notices in writing given to the Company by Shareholders

Any notice in writing given to the Company by a Shareholder shall take effect when it is lodged at the
registered office or produced to any Directors’ meeting.

Company seals

Any common seal may only be used by the authority of the Directors or of a committee of the
Directors.

The Directors may decide by what means and in what form any common seal is to be used.

Unless otherwise decided by the Directors, if the Company has a common seal and it is affixed to a
document, the document must also be signed by at least one authorised person in the presence of a
witness who attests the signature.

For the purposes of this Article 85, an authorised person is:

@ any Director of the Company;

(ii) the Company's secretary (if any); or

(iii) any person authorised by the Directors for the purpose of signing documents to which the
common seal is applied.

The Company may exercise the powers conferred by the Companies Act with regard to having official
seals and those powers shall be vested in the Directors. Subject to the Companies Act, any instrument
to which an official seal is affixed shall be signed by such persons, if any, and affixed in such manner
as the Directors may from time to time determine.

No right to inspect accounts and other records

Except as provided by law or authorised by the Directors or an ordinary resolution of the Company,
no person is entitled to inspect any of the Company's accounting or other records or documents merely
by virtue of being a Shareholder.

Provision for Employees on cessation of business

The Directors, with Investor Consent, may decide to make provision for the benefit of persons
Employed or formerly Employed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than a Director or
former Director or shadow Director) in connection with the cessation or transfer to any person of the
whole or part of the undertaking of the Company or that Subsidiary.

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 76


===== page 81 =====
88.

89.

(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

(f)

WINDING UP
Winding up

If the Company is wound up, the liquidator may, with the sanction of a special resolution of the
Company and any other sanction required by the Companies Act, divide among the Shareholders in
specie the whole or any part of the assets of the Company and may, for that purpose, value any assets
and determine how the division shall be carried out as between the Shareholders or different classes
of Shareholders. The liquidator may, with the like sanction, vest the whole or any part of the assets in
trustees upon such trusts for the benefit of the Shareholders as the liquidator with like sanction
determines, but no Shareholder shall be compelled to accept any assets upon which there is liability.

DIRECTORS' INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE
Indemnity

Subject to paragraph (e) below, a Relevant Director of the Company or of an associated company may
be indemnified out of the Company's assets against:

(i) any liability incurred by that Director in connection with any negligence, default, breach of
duty or breach of trust in relation to the Company or an associated company;

(ii) any liability incurred by that Director in connection with the activities of the Company or an
associated company in its capacity as a trustee of an occupational pension scheme (as defined
in section 235(6) of the Companies Act); or

(iii) any other liability incurred by that Director as an officer of the Company or an associated
company.

The Company may fund the expenditure of a Relevant Director of the Company or of any associated
company for the purposes permitted under the Companies Act and may do anything to enable such
Relevant Director to avoid incurring such expenditure as provided in the Companies Act.

No Relevant Director of the Company or of any associated company shall be accountable to the
Company or the Shareholders for any benefit provided pursuant to this Article 89 and the receipt of
any such benefit shall not disqualify any person from being or becoming a Director of the Company.

The powers given by this Article 89 shall not limit any general powers of the Company to grant
indemnities, purchase and maintain insurance or provide funds (whether by way of loan or otherwise)
to any person in connection with any legal or regulatory proceedings or applications for relief.

This Article 89 does not authorise any indemnity which would be prohibited or rendered void by any
provision of the Companies Act or by any other provision of law.

In this Article 89 and in Article 90 (Insurance):

@ companies are associated if one is a Subsidiary of the other or both are Subsidiaries of the
same body corporate; and

(ii) a Relevant Director means any Director or former Director of the Company or of an
associated company.

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 7


===== page 82 =====
90. Insurance

(a) The Directors may decide to purchase and maintain insurance, at the expense of the Company, for the
benefit of any Relevant Director in respect of any Relevant Loss.

(b) In this Article 90 a Relevant Loss means any loss or liability which has been or may be incurred by a
Relevant Director in connection with that Director's duties or powers in relation to the Company, any
associated company or any pension fund or Employees’ share scheme of the Company or associated
company.

91. Taxation

The Company shall be treated as a partnership for US federal income tax purposes, and the Company
has made an affirmative election in the form specified by the Investors to be treated as a partnership
for US federal income tax purposes and shall take no action that would cause the Company to be
treated as a corporation for US federal income tax purposes. For purposes of compliance with U.S.
federal income tax law, the Company and the Shareholders agree to the following provisions (and shall
comply therewith):

(a) it is intended that the Company will be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal, state and local
income tax purposes and shall cooperate in making an election to be treated as such;

(b) the "partnership representative" of the Company within the meaning of Section 6223 of the
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) and the Treasury Regulations (and similar
provisions of state or local law) (the Partnership Representative) shall be such person
designated as such by the Investors in accordance with the Code and the Treasury Regulations
(and similar provisions of state or local law) and, in such capacity, shall exercise all rights
conferred, and perform all duties imposed, upon a Partnership Representative under the Code
and the Treasury Regulations (and similar provisions of state or local law). The Partnership
Representative may cause the Company to make such elections under the Code and the
Treasury Regulations, including those permitted under Section 754 of the Code, and state tax
or similar laws as it shall reasonably determine. All decisions and other matters concerning
the computation and allocation of items of income, gain, loss, deduction and credits among
the Shareholders, and U.S. tax accounting procedures not specifically and expressly provided
for by the terms of these Articles, shall be determined by the Partnership Representative in its
reasonable discretion;

(c) the Company shall establish and maintain a capital account (Capital Account) in accordance
with the rules under with Section 704(b) of the Code and Treasury Regulations thereunder,
and shall be interpreted and applied in a manner consistent with such provisions. The
Partnership Representative may determine in its reasonable discretion that it is prudent to
modify the manner in which the Shareholders' Capital Accounts, or credits or debits thereto,
are computed in order to comply with the provisions of Section 704(b) of the Code and
Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b) and may make such modification. Except as
otherwise provided in the Treasury Regulations, a transferee of all or a portion of a
Shareholder's interest in the Company shall succeed to the Capital Account of the transferor
Shareholder to the extent allocable to the transferred interest;

(d) for United States federal income tax purposes, allocations of items of income, gain, loss,
deduction, expense, and credit for each fiscal year of the Company shall be in accordance with
each Shareholder's interest in the Company, as reasonably determined by the Partnership
Representative in good faith pursuant to Section 704(b) of the Code, and the Treasury
Regulations and subject to the requirements of Section 704(c) of the Code and the Treasury
Regulations; provided that the Priority Amount payable in respect of the Priority Shares shall

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 78


===== page 83 =====
be treated as distributive shares of Company income (determined on a net income rather than
gross income basis) under applicable provisions of the Code and the Treasury Regulations and
no portion of the Priority Amount payable in respect of the Priority Shares will be treated as
a guaranteed payment, capital shift or any similar construct unless otherwise required by a
final "determination" (within the meaning of Section 1313(a) of the Code) or a change in
applicable law after the Completion Date; and

(e) any amounts that are subject to United States withholding may be withheld by the Company
and remitted to the relevant tax authorities which shall be treated as a distribution from the
Company to the party on which such withholding obligation was imposed. The Partnership
Representative will use its reasonable discretion to determine whether a withholding is
necessary and provide each party an opportunity to provide documentation to reduce or
eliminate any withholding.

0103821-0000115 UKO3: 2010851972.4 79
