

===== page 1 =====
File Copy

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OFA
PRIVATE LIMITED COMPANY

Company No. 8555831

The Registrar of Companies for England and Wales, hereby certifies
that

EMS POWERSTAR GROUP LIMITED

is this day incorporated under the Companies Act 2006 as a private
company, that the company is limited by shares, and the situation of
its registered office is in England and Wales

Given at Companies House, Cardiff, on 4th June 2013

*N08555831M* REGISTRAR OF COMPANIES

Companies House
— for the record ——

The above information was communicated by electronic means and authenticated by the
Registrar of Companies under Section 1115 of the Companies Act 2006


===== page 2 =====
INO1(ef)

—— forthe record. — Application to register a company

Received for filing in Electronic Format on the: 04/06/2013 XQ9TLOIT
Company Name EMS POWERSTAR GROUP LIMITED

in full:

Company Type: Private limited by shares

Situation of Registered England and Wales

Office:
Proposed Register MINT HOUSE 77 MANSELL STREET
Office Address: LONDON

UNITED KINGDOM

El 8AF

1 wish to adopt entirely bespoke articles

Electronically Filed Document for Company Number: 08555831

Page:1


===== page 3 =====
Company Director ]

Type: Person

Full forename(s): ANDREW

Surname: FERGUSON

Former names:

Service Address: MINT HOUSE 77 MANSELL STREET
LONDON
UNITED KINGDOM
El 8AF

Country/State Usually Resident: UNITED KINGDOM

Date of Birth: 08/04/1965 Nationality: BRITISH
Occupation: DIRECTOR

Consented to Act: ¥ Date authorised: 94/06/2013 Authenticated: YES

Electronically Filed Document for Company Number: 08555831 Page:2


===== page 4 =====
Company Director 2

Type:

Full forename(s):

Surname:

Former names:

Service Address:

Person
JAMES OLIVER

BENFIELD

MINT HOUSE 77 MANSELL STREET
LONDON

UNITED KINGDOM

El 8AF

Country/State Usually Resident: UNITED KINGDOM

Date of Birth: 2TM6/1974
Occupation: DIRECTOR

Consented to Act: ¥

Nationality: BRITISH

Date authorised: 94/06/2013 Authenticated: YES

Electronically Filed Document for Company Number: 08555831

Page:3


===== page 5 =====
Statement of Capital (Share Capital)

Class of shares = ORDINARY Number allotted 1
Aggregate nominal 1
value

Currency GBP Amount paid per share 0

Amount unpaid per share 1
Prescribed particulars
THE SHARES HAVE ATTACHED TO THEM FULL VOTING, DIVIDEND AND CAPITAL DISTRIBUTION
(INCLUDING ON WINDING UP) RIGHTS, THEY DO NOT CONFER ANY RIGHTS OF REDEMPTION.

Statement of Capital (Totals)

Currency GBP Total number 1
of shares
Total aggregate
nominal value

Electronically Filed Document for Company Number: 08555831 Page:4


===== page 6 =====
Initial Shareholdings

Name: ANDREW FERGUSON
Address: MINT HOUSE 77 MANSELL STREET Class of share: ORDINARY
LONDON
UNITED KINGDOM
El 8AF Number of shares: 1
Currency: GBP
Nominal value of
1
each share:
Amount unpaid: 1
Amount paid: 0

Electronically Filed Document for Company Number: 08555831 Page:5


===== page 7 =====
Statement of Compliance

I confirm the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 as to registration have been complied with.

memorandum delivered by an agent for the subscriber(s): Yes

Agent's Name: EVERSHEDS LLP
Agent's Address: 85 QUEEN VICTORIA STREET
LONDON
UNITED KINGDOM
ECAV 4JL
Authorisation

Authoriser Designation: agent

Agent's Name: EVERSHEDS LLP

Agent's Address: 85 QUEEN VICTORIA STREET
LONDON
UNITED KINGDOM
EC4V 4JL

Authenticated: Yes

End of Electronically Filed Document for Company Number: 08555831

Page:6


===== page 8 =====
THE COMPANIES ACT 2006

PRIVATE COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES

MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION
OF

EMS POWERSTAR GROUP LIMITED

The subscriber to this memorandum of association wishes to form a company under the
Companies Act 2006 and agrees to become a member of a company and to take at least one
share.

Name of subscriber Authentication by each subscriber

Andrew Ferguson

Dated: 4 June 2013


===== page 9 =====
THE COMPANIES ACT 2006

PRIVATE COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES

ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
OF

EMS POWERSTAR GROUP LIMITED

21

PRELIMINARY

The model articles of association for private companies limited by shares contained
in Schedule 1 to The Companies (Model Articles) Regulations 2008 in force on the
date when these Articles become binding on the Company (“Model Articles”) apply
to the Company except in so far as they are excluded or varied by these Articles.

INTERPRETATION

In these Articles the following expressions have the following meanings unless
inconsistent with the context:

“2006 Act” the Companies Act 2006 (as amended from time
to time)

“these Articles” these Articles of Association as amended from
time to time

“electronic means” has the meaning given in section 1168 of the
2006 Act

“eligible directors” has the meaning given in Model Article 8(3)

“Majority Shareholder” a shareholder or shareholders together holding

a majority of the voting rights in the Company
(within the meaning of section 1159(1) of and
paragraph (2) of Schedule 6 to the 2006 Act)

“Statutes” the Companies Acts as defined in section 2 of the
2006 Act and every other statute, order,
regulation or other subordinate legislation for
the time being in force relating to companies and
affecting the Company


===== page 10 =====
2.2

2.3

61

“United Kingdom” Great Britain and Northern Ireland

Unless the context otherwise requires, words or expressions contained in these
Articles bear the same meaning as in the Statutes but excluding any statutory
modification of the same not in force when these Articles become binding on the
Company.

References to any statute or statutory provision include, unless the context
otherwise requires, a reference to that statute or statutory provision as modified,
replaced, re-enacted or consolidated and in force from time to time and any
subordinate legislation made under the relevant statute or statutory provision.

UNANIMOUS DECISIONS OF DIRECTORS

A decision of the directors may take the form of a resolution in writing, where each
eligible director has signed one or more copies of it, or to which each eligible
director has otherwise indicated agreement in writing. Model Article 8(2) shall not
apply to the Company.

NUMBER OF DIRECTORS

Unless otherwise determined by ordinary resolution, the number of directors
(other than alternate directors) shall not be the subject to any maximum but shall
not be less than one.

PARTICIPATION IN DIRECTORS’ MEETINGS

Model Article 9(2)(c) shall be amended by the insertion of the word
“simultaneously” after the words “how it is proposed that they should” and before
the words “communicate with each other during the meeting”.

QUORUM FOR DIRECTORS’ MEETINGS
The following shall be added as paragraph (4) to Model Article 11:-

“(4) If, as a consequence of section 175(6) of the 2006 Act, a director cannot vote
or be counted in the quorum at a directors’ meeting then the following shall apply:-

(a) _ if the eligible directors participating in the meeting do not constitute a
quorum then the quorum for the purposes of the meeting shall be reduced by
one for each director who cannot vote or be counted in the quorum; and

(b) if despite sub-paragraph (a) the eligible directors participating in the meeting
still do not constitute a quorum or there are no eligible directors then the
meeting must be adjourned to enable the shareholders to authorise any
situation in which a director has a direct or indirect interest that conflicts, or
possibly may conflict, with the interests of the Company.”


===== page 11 =====
71

7.2

7.3

7.4

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS

Subject to these Articles and the 2006 Act, and provided that he has disclosed to
the directors the nature and extent of any interest of his, a director:

7A may be a party to or otherwise interested in any transaction or
arrangement with the Company or in which the Company is in any way
interested ;

7.1.2 may hold any other office or employment with the Company (other than
the office of auditor);

7.13 may be a director or other officer of, or employed by, or be a party to any
transaction or arrangement with or otherwise interested in any body
corporate in which the Company is in any way interested;

7.1.4 may, or any firm or company of which he is a member or director may,
act in a professional capacity for the Company or any body corporate in
which the Company is in any way interested (other than as auditor);

7.1.5 shall not be accountable to the Company for any benefit which he
receives or profits made as a result of anything permitted by Articles
7.1.1 to 7.1.4 and no such transaction or arrangement shall be liable to
be avoided on the ground of any such interest or benefit.

Except for a vote under section 175(4) of the 2006 Act authorising any conflict of
interest which a director or any other interested director may have or where the
terms of authorisation of such conflict provide that a director may not vote in
situations prescribed by the directors when granting such authorisation, a director
will be entitled to participate in the decision making process for voting and quorum
purposes on any of the matters referred to in Articles 7.1.1 to 7.1.4 and in any of
the circumstances set out in Model Articles 14(3) and 14(4).

For the purposes of these Articles references to decision making process includes
any directors’ meeting or part of a directors meeting.

For the purposes of Article 7.1:

741 a general notice given in accordance with the 2006 Act is to be treated as
a sufficient declaration of interest;

7.4.2 a director is not required to declare an interest either where he is not
aware of such interest or is not aware of the transaction or arrangement
in question; and

7.4.3 an interest of a director who appoints an alternate director shall be
treated as an interest of the alternate director.


===== page 12 =====
7.5

10.

11.

Model Articles 14(1), 14(2) and 14(5) shall not apply to the Company.
APPOINTMENT AND REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS

In addition to the powers granted by Model Article 17(1), the Majority Shareholder
may at any time, and from time to time, appoint any person to bea director, either
as an additional director or to fill a vacancy and may remove from office any
director however appointed. Any such appointment or removal shall be effected by
notice in writing to the Company signed by the Majority Shareholder or, if the
Majority Shareholder is a body corporate, signed by one of its directors or duly
authorised officers or by its duly authorised attorney.

TERMINATION OF DIRECTOR’S APPOINTMENT

In addition to the circumstances set out in Model Article 18 (a) to (f) (inclusive) a
person ceases to be a director as soon as that person is removed from office as a
director pursuant to Article 8.1.

DIRECTORS’ PENSIONS AND GRATUITIES

In addition to the provisions of Model Article 19(3)(b), the directors may exercise
all the powers of the Company to give and provide pensions, annuities, gratuities
or any other benefits whatsoever to or for present or former directors or employees
(or their dependants) of the Company or any subsidiary undertaking (as defined in
section 1162 of the 2006 Act) or associated undertaking (as defined in section
497(4) of the 2006 Act) of the Company and the directors shall be entitled to retain
any benefits received by them or any of them by reason of the exercise of any such
powers.

ALTERNATE DIRECTORS
Appointment and removal of alternates

11.1.1 Any director (the “appointor”) may appoint as an alternate any other
director, or any other person approved by the directors, to

11.1.1.1 exercise that director’s powers, and
11.1.1.2 carry out that director’s responsibilities,

in relation to participation in directors’ meetings and the taking of
decisions by the directors in the absence of the alternate’s appointor.

11.1.2. Any appointment or removal of an alternate must be effected by notice in
writing to the Company signed by the appointor, or in any other manner
approved by the directors.


===== page 13 =====
11.1.3

Rights and responsibi

11.2.1

11.2.2

11.2.3

11.2.4

11.2.5

The notice must:-
11.1.3.1 identify the proposed alternate; and

11.1.3.2 in the case of a notice of appointment, contain a statement
signed by the proposed alternate that the proposed
alternate is willing to act as the alternate of the director
giving the notice.

jes of alternate directors

An alternate director has the same rights, in relation to participation in
directors’ meetings and the taking of decisions by the directors and in
relation to directors’ written resolutions, as the alternate’s appointor.

An alternate director may act as an alternate director for more than one
appointor.

Except as these Articles specify otherwise, alternate directors:-
11.2.3.1 are deemed for all purposes to be directors;

11,.2.3.2 are liable for their own acts and omissions;

11.2.3.3 are subject to the same restrictions as their appointors; and
11.2.3.4 are not deemed to be agents of or for their appointors.

and, each alternate director shall be entitled to receive notice of all
meetings of directors and of all meetings of committees of directors of
which his appointor is a member.

A person who is an alternate director but not a director:-

11.2.4.1 may be counted as participating for the purposes of
determining whether a quorum is participating (but only if
that person’s appointor is not participating), and

11.2.4.2 may participate in a unanimous decision of the directors
(but only if his appointor is an eligible director in relation to
that decision, but does not participate).

No alternate may be counted as more than one director for such
purposes.

A director who is also an alternate director is entitled, in his absence of
his appointor, to a separate vote on behalf of his appointor, in addition to
his own vote on any decision of the directors (provided that his appointor


===== page 14 =====
11.3

12.

13.

14.

11.2.6

is an eligible director in relation to that decision), but shall not count as
more than one director for the purposes of determining whether a
quorum is present.

An alternate director is not entitled to receive any remuneration from the
Company for serving as an alternate director except such part of the
alternate’s appointor’s remuneration as the appointor may direct by
notice in writing made to the Company.

Termination of alternate directorship

11.3.1

An alternate director’s appointment as alternate terminates:-

11.3.1.1

11.3.1.2

11.3.1.3

11.3.1.4

when the alternate’s appointor revokes the appointment by
notice to the Company in writing specifying when it is to
terminate;

on the occurrence in relation to the alternate of any event
which, if it occurred in relation to the alternate’s appointor,
would result in the termination of the appointor’s
appointment as a director;

on the death of the alternate’s appointor; or

when the alternate’s appointor’s appointment as a director
terminates.

ALTERNATE DIRECTORS’ EXPENSES

Model Article 20 shall be amended by the insertion of the words “(including
alternate directors)” before the words “properly incur”.

SHARES

In accordance with section 567(1) and (2) of the 2006 Act, sections 561(1) and
562 (1) to (5) (inclusive) of that Act shall not apply to the Company.

TRANSFER OF SHARES

Model Article 26(5) shall be amended by the addition of the following words: “The
directors may not refuse to register the transfer of a share made with the prior
written approval of the Majority Shareholder. In any other case” before the words
“the directors may refuse to register”.


===== page 15 =====
15.

16.

16.1

16.2

17.

17.1

17.2

17.3

17.4

18.

18.1

TRANSMITTEES BOUND BY PRIOR NOTICES

Model Article 29 shall be amended by the insertion of the words “, or the name of
any person nominated under Model Article 27(2),” after the words “the
transmittee’s name”.

NOTICE OF GENERAL MEETINGS
Every notice convening a general meeting shall:

comply with section 325(1) of the 2006 Act as to giving information to shareholders
relating to their right to appoint proxies; and

be given in accordance with section 308 of the 2006 Act, that is in hard copy form,
electronic form or by means of a website.

PROCEEDINGS AT GENERAL MEETINGS

If a quorum is not present within half an hour of the time at which a general
meeting is due to start or if, during a general meeting, a quorum ceases to be
present the chairman of the meeting must adjourn it.

When adjourning the general meeting the chairman of the meeting must specify
that the meeting is adjourned either:

17.2.1 to the same day, place and time the following week; or
17.2.2 to another day, place and time to be decided by the directors.

If a quorum is not present within half an hour of the time at which the adjourned
meeting is due to start the shareholder or shareholders present in person or by
proxy or by corporate representative and who are entitled to vote shall:

17.3.1 constitute a quorum; and

17.3.2 have power to decide on all matters which could have been transacted at
the meeting which was adjourned.

Model Article 41 shall not apply to the Company.
WRITTEN RESOLUTIONS

Awritten resolution, proposed in accordance with section 288(3) of the 2006 Act,
will lapse if it is not passed before the end of the period of 28 days beginning with
the circulation date.


===== page 16 =====
18.2

19.

19.1

19.2

19.3

19.4

19.5

20.

20.1

For the purposes of this Article “circulation date” is the date on which copies of the
written resolution are sent or submitted to shareholders or, if copies are sent or
submitted on different days, to the first of those days.

COMPANY COMMUNICATION PROVISIONS
Where:-

19.1.1 a document or information is sent by post (whether in hard copy or
electronic form) to an address in the United Kingdom and

19.1.2. the Company is able to show that it was properly addressed, prepaid and
posted.

it is deemed to have been received by the intended recipient 24 hours after it was
posted.

Where:-
19.2.1. a document or information is sent or supplied by electronic means, and
19.2.2. the Company is able to show that it was properly addressed,

it is deemed to have been received by the intended recipient immediately after it
was sent.

Where a document or information is sent or supplied by means of a website, it is
deemed to have been received by the intended recipient -

19.3.1. when the material was first made available on the website, or

19.3.2 if later, when the recipient received (or is deemed to have received)
notice of the fact that the material was available on the website.

Pursuant to section 1147(6) of the 2006 Act, subsections (2) (3) and (4) of that
section shall be deemed modified by Articles 18.1, 18.2 and 18.3.

Subject to any requirements of the 2006 Act, documents and notices may be sent
to the Company in electronic form to the address specified by the Company for that
purpose and such documents or notices sent to the Company are sufficiently
authenticated if the identity of the sender is confirmed in the way the Company has
specified.

DIRECTORS’ INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE

Subject to, and so far as may be permitted by, the 2006 Act and without prejudice
to any indemnity to which the person concerned may be otherwise entitled, the
Company may indemnify every director, former director, alternate director,


===== page 17 =====
20.2

20.3

21.

22.

secretary or other officer of the Company or of any associated company (as defined
in section 256 of the 2006 Act) against any liabilities incurred by him in the
execution and discharge of his duties or the exercise of his powers or otherwise in
relation to or in connection with his duties, powers or office, including any liability
which may attach to him in respect of any negligence, default, breach of duty or
breach of trust in relation to anything done or omitted to be done or alleged to have
been done or omitted to be done by him as a director, former director, alternate
director, secretary or other officer of the Company or of any such associated
company and against any such liability incurred by him in connection with the
Company’s activities as trustee of an occupational pension scheme as defined in
section 235(b) of the 2006 Act.

Subject to the 2006 Act the directors may purchase and maintain at the cost of the
Company insurance cover for or for the benefit of every director, former director,
alternate director, secretary or other officer of the Company or of any associated
company (as defined in section 256 of the 2006 Act) against any liability which may
attach to him in respect of any negligence, default, breach of duty or breach of
trust by him in relation to the Company (or such associated company), including
anything done or omitted to be done or alleged to have been done or omitted to be
done by him as a director, former director, alternate director, secretary or other
officer of the Company or associated company.

Subject to, and so far as may be permitted by, the 2006 Act, the Company shall be
entitled to fund the expenditure of every director, former director, alternate
director, secretary, or other officer of the Company incurred or to be incurred:

20.3.1 in defending any criminal or civil proceedings; or

20.3.2. in connection with any application under sections 661(3), 661(4) or
section 1157 of the 2006 Act.

REGISTERED OFFICE
The situation of the registered office is in England and Wales.
LIMITED LIABILITY

The liability of the members is limited.

10


===== page 18 =====
Name, address and description of Subscriber

No. of issued Ordinary
shares of £1.00 each

Andrew Ferguson
Mint House

77 Mansell Street
London

E1 SAF

One

Dated: 4 June 2013

1



===== page 19 =====
MODEL ARTICLES FOR PRIVATE COMPANIES LIMITED BY SHARES
INDEX TO THE ARTICLES
PART 1
INTERPRETATION AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

. Defined terms
. Liability of members

Ne

PART 2
DIRECTORS
DIRECTORS’ POWERS AND RESPONSIBILITIES

. Directors’ general authority
. Shareholders’ reserve power
. Directors may delegate

. Committees

DuRw

DECISION-MAKING BY DIRECTORS

7. Directors to take decisions collectively

8, Unanimous decisions

9. Calling a directors’ meeting

10. Participation in directors’ meetings

11. Quorum for directors’ meetings

12. Chairing of directors’ meetings

13. Casting vote

14. Conflicts of interest

15. Records of decisions to be kept

16. Directors’ discretion to make further rules

APPOINTMENT OF DIRECTORS

17. Methods of appointing directors

18. Termination of director’s appointment
19. Directors’ remuneration

20, Directors’ expenses

PART 3
SHARES AND DISTRIBUTIONS

SHARES

21. All shares to be fully paid up

22. Powers to issue different classes of share

23, Company not bound by less than absolute interests

24, Share certificates

25. Replacement share certificates

26. Share transfers

27. Transmission of shares

28. Exercise of transmittees’ rights

29. Transmittees bound by prior notices

DIVIDENDS AND OTHER DISTRIBUTIONS

30. Procedure for declaring dividends

31. Payment of dividends and other distributions
32. No interest on distributions

33. Unclaimed distributions

12


===== page 20 =====
34,
35.

36.

48.
49.
50.
Si.

52.
53.

Non-cash distributions
Waiver of distributions

CAPITALISATION OF PROFITS
Authority to capitalise and appropriation of capitalised sums
PART 4

DECISION-MAKING BY SHAREHOLDERS
ORGANISATION OF GENERAL MEETINGS

. Attendance and speaking at general meetings

. Quorum for general meetings

. Chairing general meetings

. Attendance and speaking by directors and non-shareholders
. Adjournment

VOTING AT GENERAL MEETINGS

. Voting: general

. Errors and disputes

. Poll votes

. Content of proxy notices

. Delivery of proxy notices

. Amendments to resolutions

PART 5
ADMINISTRATIVE ARRANGEMENTS

Means of communication to be used

Company seals

No right to inspect accounts and other records
Provision for employees on cessation of business

DIRECTORS’ INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE

Indemnity
Insurance

13


===== page 21 =====
PART 1
INTERPRETATION AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

Defined terms
1. In the articles, unless the context requires otherwise—
“articles” means the company’s articles of association;

“bankruptcy” includes individual insolvency proceedings in a jurisdiction other than
England and Wales or Northern Ireland which have an effect similar to that of
bankruptcy;

“chairman” has the meaning given in article 12;

“chairman of the meeting” has the meaning given in article 39;

“Companies Acts” means the Companies Acts (as defined in section 2 of the Companies
Act 2006), in so far as they apply to the company;

“director” means a director of the company, and includes any person occupying the
position of director, by whatever name called;

“distribution recipient” has the meaning given in article 31;

“document” includes, unless otherwise specified, any document sent or supplied in
electronic form;

“electronic form” has the meaning given in section 1168 of the Companies Act 2006;
“fully paid” in relation to a share, means that the nominal value and any premium to be
paid to the company in respect of that share have been paid to the company;

“hard copy form” has the meaning given in section 1168 of the Companies Act 2006;
“holder” in relation to shares means the person whose name is entered in the register
of

members as the holder of the shares;

“instrument” means a document in hard copy form;

“ordinary resolution” has the meaning given in section 282 of the Companies Act 2006;
“paid” means paid or credited as paid;

“participate”, in relation to a directors’ meeting, has the meaning given in article 10;
“proxy notice” has the meaning given in article 45;

“shareholder” means a person who is the holder of a share;

“shares” means shares in the company;

“special resolution” has the meaning given in section 283 of the Companies Act 2006;
“subsidiary” has the meaning given in section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006;
“transmittee” means a person entitled to a share by reason of the death or bankruptcy
ofa

shareholder or otherwise by operation of law; and

14


===== page 22 =====
“writing” means the representation or reproduction of words, symbols or other
information in a visible form by any method or combination of methods, whether sent
or supplied in electronic form or otherwise.

Unless the context otherwise requires, other words or expressions contained in these
articles bear the same meaning as in the Companies Act 2006 as in force on the date when
these articles become binding on the company.

Liability of members

2. The liability of the members is limited to the amount, if any, unpaid on the shares
held by them,

PART 2
DIRECTORS
DIRECTORS’ POWERS AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Directors’ general authority

3. Subject to the articles, the directors are responsible for the management of the
company’s business, for which purpose they may exercise all the powers of the company.

Shareholders’ reserve power

4.—(1) The shareholders may, by special resolution, direct the directors to take, or refrain
from taking, specified action.
(2) No such special resolution invalidates anything which the directors have done
before the passing of the resolution.

Directors may delegate

5.—(1) Subject to the articles, the directors may delegate any of the powers which are
conferred on them under the articles—

(a) to such person or committee;

(b) by such means (including by power of attorney);

(c) to such an extent;

(d) in relation to such matters or territories; and

(e) on such terms and conditions;
as they think fit.

(2) If the directors so specify, any such delegation may authorise further delegation of the
directors’ powers by any person to whom they are delegated.

(3) The directors may revoke any delegation in whole or part, or alter its terms and
conditions.

Committees
6.—(1) Committees to which the directors delegate any of their powers must follow
procedures which are based as far as they are applicable on those provisions of the articles
which govern the taking of decisions by directors.
(2) The directors may make rules of procedure for all or any committees, which prevail
over rules derived from the articles if they are not consistent with them.
DECISION-MAKING BY DIRECTORS

Directors to take decisions collectively

15


===== page 23 =====
7.—(1) The general rule about decision-making by directors is that any decision of the
directors must be either a majority decision at a meeting or a decision taken in accordance
with article 8,
(2) If—

(a) the company only has one director, and

(b) no provision of the articles requires it to have more than one director,
the general rule does not apply, and the director may take decisions without regard to any
of the provisions of the articles relating to directors’ decision-making.

Unanimous decisions

8.—(1) A decision of the directors is taken in accordance with this article when all eligible
directors indicate to each other by any means that they share a common view on a matter.
(2) Such a decision may take the form of a resolution in writing, copies of which have been
signed by each eligible director or to which each eligible director has otherwise indicated
agreement in writing.

(3) References in this article to eligible directors are to directors who would have been
entitled to vote on the matter had it been proposed as a resolution at a directors’ meeting.
(4) A decision may not be taken in accordance with this article if the eligible directors would
not have formed a quorum at such a meeting.

Calling a directors’ meeting

9.—(1) Any director may call a directors’ meeting by giving notice of the meeting to the
directors or by authorising the company secretary (if any) to give such notice.
(2) Notice of any directors’ meeting must indicate—
(a) its proposed date and time;
(b) where it is to take place; and
(c) if it is anticipated that directors participating in the meeting will not be in the same
place, how it is proposed that they should communicate with each other during the
meeting.
(3) Notice of a directors’ meeting must be given to each director, but need not be in writing.
(4) Notice of a directors’ meeting need not be given to directors who waive their entitlement
to notice of that meeting, by giving notice to that effect to the company not more than 7
days after the date on which the meeting is held. Where such notice is given after the
meeting has been held, that does not affect the validity of the meeting, or of any business
conducted at it.

Participation in directors’ meetings

10.—(1) Subject to the articles, directors participate in a directors’ meeting, or part of a
directors’ meeting, when—
(a) the meeting has been called and takes place in accordance with the articles, and
(b) they can each communicate to the others any information or opinions they have
on any particular item of the business of the meeting.
(2) In determining whether directors are participating in a directors’ meeting, it is irrelevant
where any director is or how they communicate with each other.
(3) If all the directors participating in a meeting are not in the same place, they may decide
that the meeting is to be treated as taking place wherever any of them is.

Quorum for directors’ meetings
11.—(1) At a directors’ meeting, unless a quorum is participating, no proposal is to be
voted on, except a proposal to call another meeting.

(2) The quorum for directors’ meetings may be fixed from time to time by a decision of the
directors, but it must never be less than two, and unless otherwise fixed it is two.

16


===== page 24 =====
(3) If the total number of directors for the time being is less than the quorum required, the
directors must not take any decision other than a decision—
(a) to appoint further directors, or
(b) to call a general meeting so as to enable the shareholders to appoint further
directors.

Chairing of directors’ meetings

12.—(1) The directors may appoint a director to chair their meetings.

(2) The person so appointed for the time being is known as the chairman,

(3) The directors may terminate the chairman’s appointment at any time.

(4) If the chairman is not participating in a directors’ meeting within ten minutes of the time
at which it was to start, the participating directors must appoint one of themselves to chair
it.

Casting vote

13.—(1) If the numbers of votes for and against a proposal are equal, the chairman or other
director chairing the meeting has a casting vote.

(2) But this does not apply if, in accordance with the articles, the chairman or other director
is not to be counted as participating in the decision-making process for quorum or voting
purposes.

Conflicts of interest

14.—(1) If a proposed decision of the directors is concerned with an actual or proposed
transaction or arrangement with the company in which a director is interested, that director
is not to be counted as participating in the decision-making process for quorum or voting
purposes.
(2) But if paragraph (3) applies, a director who is interested in an actual or proposed
transaction or arrangement with the company is to be counted as participating in the
decision-making process for quorum and voting purposes.
(3) This paragraph applies when—
(a) the company by ordinary resolution disapplies the provision of the articles which
would otherwise prevent a director from being counted as participating in the
decision-making process;
(b) the director’s interest cannot reasonably be regarded as likely to give rise to a
conflict of interest; or
(c) the director’s conflict of interest arises from a permitted cause.
(4) For the purposes of this article, the following are permitted causes—
(a) a guarantee given, or to be given, by or to a director in respect of an obligation
incurred by or on behalf of the company or any of its subsidiaries;
(b) subscription, or an agreement to subscribe, for shares or other securities of the
company or any of its subsidiaries, or to underwrite, sub-underwrite, or guarantee
subscription for any such shares or securities; and
(c) arrangements pursuant to which benefits are made available to employees and
directors or former employees and directors of the company or any of its subsidiaries
which do not provide special benefits for directors or former directors.
(5) For the purposes of this article, references to proposed decisions and decision-making
processes include any directors’ meeting or part of a directors’ meeting.
(6) Subject to paragraph (7), if a question arises at a meeting of directors or of a committee
of directors as to the right of a director to participate in the meeting (or part of the meeting)
for voting or quorum purposes, the question may, before the conclusion of the meeting, be
referred to the chairman whose ruling in relation to any director other than the chairman is
to be final and conclusive.
(7) If any question as to the right to participate in the meeting (or part of the meeting)
should arise in respect of the chairman, the question is to be decided by a decision of the

17


===== page 25 =====
directors at that meeting, for which purpose the chairman is not to be counted as
participating in the meeting (or that part of the meeting) for voting or quorum purposes.

Records of decisions to be kept

15. The directors must ensure that the company keeps a record, in writing, for at least 10
years from the date of the decision recorded, of every unanimous or majority decision taken
by the directors.

Directors’ discretion to make further rules

16. Subject to the articles, the directors may make any rule which they think fit about how
they take decisions, and about how such rules are to be recorded or communicated to
directors,

APPOINTMENT OF DIRECTORS
Methods of appointing directors

17.—(1) Any person who is willing to act as a director, and is permitted by law to do so, may
be appointed to be a director—

(a) by ordinary resolution, or

(b) by a decision of the directors.
(2) In any case where, as a result of death, the company has no shareholders and no
directors, the personal representatives of the last shareholder to have died have the right,
by notice in writing, to appoint a person to be a director.
(3) For the purposes of paragraph (2), where 2 or more shareholders die in circumstances
rendering it uncertain who was the last to die, a younger shareholder is deemed to have
survived an older shareholder.

Termination of director’s appointment

18. A person ceases to be a director as soon as—
(a) that person ceases to be a director by virtue of any provision of the Companies Act
2006 or is prohibited from being a director by law;
(b) a bankruptcy order is made against that person;
(c) a composition is made with that person’s creditors generally in satisfaction of that
person’s debts;
(d) a registered medical practitioner who is treating that person gives a written opinion
to the company stating that that person has become physically or mentally incapable of
acting as a director and may remain so for more than three months;
(e) by reason of that person’s mental health, a court makes an order which wholly or
partly prevents that person from personally exercising any powers or rights which that
person would otherwise have;
(f) notification is received by the company from the director that the director is
resigning from office, and such resignation has taken effect in accordance with its
terms.

Directors’ remuneration

19.—(1) Directors may undertake any services for the company that the directors decide.
(2) Directors are entitled to such remuneration as the directors determine—

(a) for their services to the company as directors, and

(b) for any other service which they undertake for the company.
(3) Subject to the articles, a director’s remuneration may—

18


===== page 26 =====
(a) take any form, and

(b) include any arrangements in connection with the payment of a pension, allowance

or gratuity, or any death, sickness or disability benefits, to or in respect of that director.
(4) Unless the directors decide otherwise, directors’ remuneration accrues from day to day.
(5) Unless the directors decide otherwise, directors are not accountable to the company for
any remuneration which they receive as directors or other officers or employees of the
company’s subsidiaries or of any other body corporate in which the company is interested.

Directors’ expenses

20. The company may pay any reasonable expenses which the directors properly incur in
connection with their attendance at—
(a) meetings of directors or committees of directors,
(b) general meetings, or
(c) separate meetings of the holders of any class of shares or of debentures of the
company, or otherwise in connection with the exercise of their powers and the
discharge of their responsibilities in relation to the company.

PART 3
SHARES AND DISTRIBUTIONS
SHARES

All shares to be fully paid up

21.—(1) No share is to be issued for less than the aggregate of its nominal value and any
premium to be paid to the company in consideration for its issue.

(2) This does not apply to shares taken on the formation of the company by the subscribers
to the company’s memorandum.

Powers to issue different classes of share

22.—(1) Subject to the articles, but without prejudice to the rights attached to any existing
share, the company may issue shares with such rights or restrictions as may be determined
by ordinary resolution,

(2) The company may issue shares which are to be redeemed, or are liable to be redeemed
at the option of the company or the holder, and the directors may determine the terms,
conditions and manner of redemption of any such shares.

Company not bound by less than absolute interests

23. Except as required by law, no person is to be recognised by the company as holding any
share upon any trust, and except as otherwise required by law or the articles, the company
is not in any way to be bound by or recognise any interest in a share other than the holder’s
absolute ownership of it and all the rights attaching to it.

Share certificates

24.—(1) The company must issue each shareholder, free of charge, with one or more
certificates in respect of the shares which that shareholder holds.
(2) Every certificate must specify—

(a) in respect of how many shares, of what class, it is issued;

(b) the nominal value of those shares;

(c) that the shares are fully paid; and

(d) any distinguishing numbers assigned to them.

19


===== page 27 =====
(3) No certificate may be issued in respect of shares of more than one class.
(4) If more than one person holds a share, only one certificate may be issued in respect of
it.
(5) Certificates must—
(a) have affixed to them the company’s common seal, or
(b) be otherwise executed in accordance with the Companies Acts.

Replacement share certificates

25.—(1) If a certificate issued in respect of a shareholder’s shares is—
(a) damaged or defaced, or
(b) said to be lost, stolen or destroyed, that shareholder is entitled to be issued with a
replacement certificate in respect of the same shares.

(2) A shareholder exercising the right to be issued with such a replacement certificate—

(a) may at the same time exercise the right to be issued with a single certificate or
separate certificates;

(b) must return the certificate which is to be replaced to the company if it is damaged
or defaced; and

(c) must comply with such conditions as to evidence, indemnity and the payment of a
reasonable fee as the directors decide.

Share transfers

26.—(1) Shares may be transferred by means of an instrument of transfer in any usual
form or any other form approved by the directors, which is executed by or on behalf of the
transferor.

(2) No fee may be charged for registering any instrument of transfer or other document
relating to or affecting the title to any share.

(3) The company may retain any instrument of transfer which is registered.

(4) The transferor remains the holder of a share until the transferee’s name is entered in the
register of members as holder of it.

(5) The directors may refuse to register the transfer of a share, and if they do so, the
instrument of transfer must be returned to the transferee with the notice of refusal unless
they suspect that the proposed transfer may be fraudulent.

Transmission of shares

27.—(1) If title to a share passes to a transmittee, the company may only recognise the
transmittee as having any title to that share.
(2) A transmittee who produces such evidence of entitlement to shares as the directors may
properly require—
(a) may, subject to the articles, choose either to become the holder of those shares or
to have them transferred to another person, and
(b) subject to the articles, and pending any transfer of the shares to another person,
has the same rights as the holder had.
(3) But transmittees do not have the right to attend or vote at a general meeting, or agree
to a proposed written resolution, in respect of shares to which they are entitled, by reason
of the holder’s death or bankruptcy or otherwise, unless they become the holders of those
shares,

Exercise of transmittees’ rights
28.—(1) Transmittees who wish to become the holders of shares to which they have
become entitled must notify the company in writing of that wish.

(2) If the transmittee wishes to have a share transferred to another person, the transmittee
must execute an instrument of transfer in respect of it.

20


===== page 28 =====
(3) Any transfer made or executed under this article is to be treated as if it were made or
executed by the person from whom the transmittee has derived rights in respect of the
share, and as if the event which gave rise to the transmission had not occurred.
Transmittees bound by prior notices

29. If a notice is given to a shareholder in respect of shares and a transmittee is entitled to
those shares, the transmittee is bound by the notice if it was given to the shareholder
before the transmittee’s name has been entered in the register of members.

DIVIDENDS AND OTHER DISTRIBUTIONS
Procedure for declaring dividends

30.—(1) The company may by ordinary resolution declare dividends, and the directors may
decide to pay interim dividends.

(2) A dividend must not be declared unless the directors have made a recommendation as
to its amount. Such a dividend must not exceed the amount recommended by the directors.
(3) No dividend may be declared or paid unless it is in accordance with shareholders’
respective rights.

(4) Unless the shareholders’ resolution to declare or directors’ decision to pay a dividend, or
the terms on which shares are issued, specify otherwise, it must be paid by reference to
each shareholder’s holding of shares on the date of the resolution or decision to declare or
pay it.

(5) If the company’s share capital is divided into different classes, no interim dividend may
be paid on shares carrying deferred or non-preferred rights if, at the time of payment, any
preferential dividend is in arrear.

(6) The directors may pay at intervals any dividend payable at a fixed rate if it appears to
them that the profits available for distribution justify the payment.

(7) If the directors act in good faith, they do not incur any liability to the holders of shares
conferring preferred rights for any loss they may suffer by the lawful payment of an interim
dividend on shares with deferred or non-preferred rights.

Payment of dividends and other distributions

31.—(1) Where a dividend or other sum which is a distribution is payable in respect of a
share, it must be paid by one or more of the following means—
(a) transfer to a bank or building society account specified by the distribution recipient
either in writing or as the directors may otherwise decide;
(b) sending a cheque made payable to the distribution recipient by post to the
distribution recipient at the distribution recipient’s registered address (if the
distribution recipient is a holder of the share), or (in any other case) to an address
specified by the distribution recipient either in writing or as the directors may otherwise
decide;
(c) sending a cheque made payable to such person by post to such person at such
address as the distribution recipient has specified either in writing or as the directors
may otherwise decide; or
(d) any other means of payment as the directors agree with the distribution recipient
either in writing or by such other means as the directors decide.
(2) In the articles, “the distribution recipient” means, in respect of a share in respect of
which a dividend or other sum is payable—
(a) the holder of the share; or
(b) if the share has two or more joint holders, whichever of them is named first in the
register of members; or
(c) if the holder is no longer entitled to the share by reason of death or bankruptcy, or
otherwise by operation of law, the transmittee.

21


===== page 29 =====
No interest on distributions

32. The company may not pay interest on any dividend or other sum payable in respect of
a share unless otherwise provided by—
(a) the terms on which the share was issued, or
(b) the provisions of another agreement between the holder of that share and the
company.

Unclaimed distributions

33.—(1) All dividends or other sums which are—
(a) payable in respect of shares, and
(b) unclaimed after having been declared or become payable,
may be invested or otherwise made use of by the directors for the benefit of the
company until claimed.
(2) The payment of any such dividend or other sum into a separate account does not make
the company a trustee in respect of it.
(3) If—
(a) twelve years have passed from the date on which a dividend or other sum became
due for payment, and
(b) the distribution recipient has not claimed it,
the distribution recipient is no longer entitled to that dividend or other sum and it ceases to
remain owing by the company.

Non-cash distributions

34.—(1) Subject to the terms of issue of the share in question, the company may, by
ordinary resolution on the recommendation of the directors, decide to pay all or part of a
dividend or other distribution payable in respect of a share by transferring non-cash assets
of equivalent value (including, without limitation, shares or other securities in any
company).
(2) For the purposes of paying a non-cash distribution, the directors may make whatever
arrangements they think fit, including, where any difficulty arises regarding the
distribution—

(a) fixing the value of any assets;

(b) paying cash to any distribution recipient on the basis of that value in order to adjust

the rights of recipients; and

(c) vesting any assets in trustees.
Waiver of distributions

35. Distribution recipients may waive their entitlement to a dividend or other distribution
payable in respect of a share by giving the company notice in writing to that effect, but if—
(a) the share has more than one holder, or
(b) more than one person is entitled to the share, whether by reason of the death or
bankruptcy of one or more joint holders, or otherwise,
the notice is not effective unless it is expressed to be given, and signed, by all the holders
or persons otherwise entitled to the share.

CAPITALISATION OF PROFITS
Authority to capitalise and appropriation of capitalised sums

36.—(1) Subject to the articles, the directors may, if they are so authorised by an ordinary
resolution—

22


===== page 30 =====
(a) decide to capitalise any profits of the company (whether or not they are available
for distribution) which are not required for paying a preferential dividend, or any sum
standing to the credit of the company’s share premium account or capital redemption
reserve; and
(b) appropriate any sum which they so decide to capitalise (a “capitalised sum”) to the
persons who would have been entitled to it if it were distributed by way of dividend (the
“persons entitled”) and in the same proportions.
(2) Capitalised sums must be applied—
(a) on behalf of the persons entitled, and
(b) in the same proportions as a dividend would have been distributed to them.
(3) Any capitalised sum may be applied in paying up new shares of a nominal amount equal
to the capitalised sum which are then allotted credited as fully paid to the persons entitled
or as they may direct.
(4) A capitalised sum which was appropriated from profits available for distribution may be
applied in paying up new debentures of the company which are then allotted credited as
fully paid to the persons entitled or as they may direct.
(5) Subject to the articles the directors may—
(a) apply capitalised sums in accordance with paragraphs (3) and (4) partly in one way
and partly in another;
(b) make such arrangements as they think fit to deal with shares or debentures
becoming distributable in fractions under this article (including the issuing of fractional
certificates or the making of cash payments); and
(c) authorise any person to enter into an agreement with the company on behalf of all
the persons entitled which is binding on them in respect of the allotment of shares and
debentures to them under this article.

PART 4
DECISION-MAKING BY SHAREHOLDERS
ORGANISATION OF GENERAL MEETINGS

Attendance and speaking at general meetings

37.—(1) A person is able to exercise the right to speak at a general meeting when that
person is in a position to communicate to all those attending the meeting, during the
meeting, any information or opinions which that person has on the business of the meeting.
(2) A person is able to exercise the right to vote at a general meeting when—
(a) that person is able to vote, during the meeting, on resolutions put to the vote at
the meeting, and
(b) that person’s vote can be taken into account in determining whether or not such
resolutions are passed at the same time as the votes of all the other persons attending
the meeting.
(3) The directors may make whatever arrangements they consider appropriate to enable
those attending a general meeting to exercise their rights to speak or vote at it.
(4) In determining attendance at a general meeting, it is immaterial whether any two or
more members attending it are in the same place as each other.
(5) Two or more persons who are not in the same place as each other attend a general
meeting if their circumstances are such that if they have (or were to have) rights to speak
and vote at that meeting, they are (or would be) able to exercise them.

Quorum for general meetings

38. No business other than the appointment of the chairman of the meeting is to be
transacted at a general meeting if the persons attending it do not constitute a quorum.

23


===== page 31 =====
Chairing general meetings

39.—(1) If the directors have appointed a chairman, the chairman shall chair general
meetings if present and willing to do so.
(2) If the directors have not appointed a chairman, or if the chairman is unwilling to chair
the meeting or is not present within ten minutes of the time at which a meeting was due to
start—

(a) the directors present, or

(b) (if no directors are present), the meeting,
must appoint a director or shareholder to chair the meeting, and the appointment of the
chairman of the meeting must be the first business of the meeting.
(3) The person chairing a meeting in accordance with this article is referred to as “the
chairman of the meeting”.

Attendance and speaking by directors and non-shareholders

40.—(1) Directors may attend and speak at general meetings, whether or not they are
shareholders.
(2) The chairman of the meeting may permit other persons who are not—
(a) shareholders of the company, or
(b) otherwise entitled to exercise the rights of shareholders in relation to general
meetings,
to attend and speak at a general meeting.

Adjournment

41.—(1) If the persons attending a general meeting within half an hour of the time at which
the meeting was due to start do not constitute a quorum, or if during a meeting a quorum
ceases to be present, the chairman of the meeting must adjourn it.
(2) The chairman of the meeting may adjourn a general meeting at which a quorum is
present if—
(a) the meeting consents to an adjournment, or
(b) it appears to the chairman of the meeting that an adjournment is necessary to
protect the safety of any person attending the meeting or ensure that the business of
the meeting is conducted in an orderly manner.
(3) The chairman of the meeting must adjourn a general meeting if directed to do so by the
meeting.
(4) When adjourning a general meeting, the chairman of the meeting must—
(a) either specify the time and place to which it is adjourned or state that it is to
continue at a time and place to be fixed by the directors, and
(b) have regard to any directions as to the time and place of any adjournment which
have been given by the meeting.
(5) If the continuation of an adjourned meeting is to take place more than 14 days after it
was adjourned, the company must give at least 7 clear days’ notice of it (that is, excluding
the day of the adjourned meeting and the day on which the notice is given)—
(a) to the same persons to whom notice of the company’s general meetings is required
to be given, and
(b) containing the same information which such notice is required to contain.
(6) No business may be transacted at an adjourned general meeting which could not
properly have been transacted at the meeting if the adjournment had not taken place.

VOTING AT GENERAL MEETINGS

24


===== page 32 =====
Voting: general

42. A resolution put to the vote of a general meeting must be decided on a show of hands
unless a poll is duly demanded in accordance with the articles.

Errors and disputes

43.—(1) No objection may be raised to the qualification of any person voting at a general
meeting except at the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the vote objected to is
tendered, and every vote not disallowed at the meeting is valid.

(2) Any such objection must be referred to the chairman of the meeting, whose decision is
final.

Poll votes

44.—(1) A poll on a resolution may be demanded—
(a) in advance of the general meeting where it is to be put to the vote, or
(b) at a general meeting, either before a show of hands on that resolution or
immediately after the result of a show of hands on that resolution is declared.
(2) A poll may be demanded by—
(a) the chairman of the meeting;
(b) the directors;
(c) two or more persons having the right to vote on the resolution; or
(d) a person or persons representing not less than one tenth of the total voting rights
of all the shareholders having the right to vote on the resolution.
(3) A demand for a poll may be withdrawn if—
(a) the poll has not yet been taken, and
(b) the chairman of the meeting consents to the withdrawal.
(4) Polls must be taken immediately and in such manner as the chairman of the meeting
directs.

Content of proxy notices

45.—(1) Proxies may only validly be appointed by a notice in writing (a “proxy notice”)
which—
(a) states the name and address of the shareholder appointing the proxy;
(b) identifies the person appointed to be that shareholder’s proxy and the general
meeting in relation to which that person is appointed;
(c) is signed by or on behalf of the shareholder appointing the proxy, or is authenticated
in such manner as the directors may determine; and
(d) is delivered to the company in accordance with the articles and any instructions
contained in the notice of the general meeting to which they relate.
(2) The company may require proxy notices to be delivered in a particular form, and may
specify different forms for different purposes.
(3) Proxy notices may specify how the proxy appointed under them is to vote (or that the
proxy is to abstain from voting) on one or more resolutions.
(4) Unless a proxy notice indicates otherwise, it must be treated as—
(a) allowing the person appointed under it as a proxy discretion as to how to vote on
any ancillary or procedural resolutions put to the meeting, and
(b) appointing that person as a proxy in relation to any adjournment of the general
meeting to which it relates as well as the meeting itself.

Delivery of proxy notices

46.—(1) A person who is entitled to attend, speak or vote (either on a show of hands or on
a poll) at a general meeting remains so entitled in respect of that meeting or any

25


===== page 33 =====
adjournment of it, even though a valid proxy notice has been delivered to the company by
or on behalf of that person.

(2) An appointment under a proxy notice may be revoked by delivering to the company a
notice in writing given by or on behalf of the person by whom or on whose behalf the proxy
notice was given.

(3) A notice revoking a proxy appointment only takes effect if it is delivered before the start
of the meeting or adjourned meeting to which it relates.

(4) If a proxy notice is not executed by the person appointing the proxy, it must be
accompanied by written evidence of the authority of the person who executed it to execute
it on the appointor’s behalf.

Amendments to resolutions

47.—(1) An ordinary resolution to be proposed at a general meeting may be amended by
ordinary resolution if—
(a) notice of the proposed amendment is given to the company in writing by a person
entitled to vote at the general meeting at which it is to be proposed not less than 48
hours before the meeting is to take place (or such later time as the chairman of the
meeting may determine), and
(b) the proposed amendment does not, in the reasonable opinion of the chairman of the
meeting, materially alter the scope of the resolution.
(2) A special resolution to be proposed at a general meeting may be amended by ordinary
resolution, if—
(a) the chairman of the meeting proposes the amendment at the general meeting at
which the resolution is to be proposed, and
(b) the amendment does not go beyond what is necessary to correct a grammatical or
other non-substantive error in the resolution.
(3) If the chairman of the meeting, acting in good faith, wrongly decides that an
amendment to a resolution is out of order, the chairman’s error does not invalidate the vote
on that resolution.

PART 5
ADMINISTRATIVE ARRANGEMENTS
Means of communication to be used

48.—(1) Subject to the articles, anything sent or supplied by or to the company under the
articles may be sent or supplied in any way in which the Companies Act 2006 provides for
documents or information which are authorised or required by any provision of that Act to
be sent or supplied by or to the company.

(2) Subject to the articles, any notice or document to be sent or supplied to a director in
connection with the taking of decisions by directors may also be sent or supplied by the
means by which that director has asked to be sent or supplied with such notices or
documents for the time being.

(3) A director may agree with the company that notices or documents sent to that director
in a particular way are to be deemed to have been received within a specified time of their
being sent, and for the specified time to be less than 48 hours.

Company seals

49.—(1) Any common seal may only be used by the authority of the directors.

(2) The directors may decide by what means and in what form any common seal is to be
used.

(3) Unless otherwise decided by the directors, if the company has a common seal and it is
affixed to a document, the document must also be signed by at least one authorised person
in the presence of a witness who attests the signature.

26


===== page 34 =====
(4) For the purposes of this article, an authorised person is—
(a) any director of the company;
(b) the company secretary (if any); or
(c) any person authorised by the directors for the purpose of signing documents to
which the common seal is applied.

No right to inspect accounts and other records

50. Except as provided by law or authorised by the directors or an ordinary resolution of the
company, no person is entitled to inspect any of the company’s accounting or other records
or documents merely by virtue of being a shareholder.

Provision for employees on cessation of business

51. The directors may decide to make provision for the benefit of persons employed or
formerly employed by the company or any of its subsidiaries (other than a director or
former director or shadow director) in connection with the cessation or transfer to any
person of the whole or part of the undertaking of the company or that subsidiary.

DIRECTORS’ INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE
Indemnity

52.—(1) Subject to paragraph (2), a relevant director of the company or an associated
company may be indemnified out of the company’s assets against—
(a) any liability incurred by that director in connection with any negligence, default,
breach of duty or breach of trust in relation to the company or an associated company,
(b) any liability incurred by that director in connection with the activities of the
company or an associated company in its capacity as a trustee of an occupational
pension scheme (as defined in section 235(6) of the Companies Act 2006),
(c) any other liability incurred by that director as an officer of the company or an
associated company.
(2) This article does not authorise any indemnity which would be prohibited or rendered
void by any provision of the Companies Acts or by any other provision of law.
(3) In this article—
(a) companies are associated if one is a subsidiary of the other or both are subsidiaries
of the same body corporate, and
(b) a “relevant director” means any director or former director of the company or an
associated company.

Insurance

53.—(1) The directors may decide to purchase and maintain insurance, at the expense of
the company, for the benefit of any relevant director in respect of any relevant loss.
(2) In this article—
(a) a “relevant director” means any director or former director of the company or an
associated company,
(b) a “relevant loss” means any loss or liability which has been or may be incurred by
a relevant director in connection with that director’s duties or powers in relation to the
company, any associated company or any pension fund or employees’ share scheme of
the company or associated company, and
(c) companies are associated if one is a subsidiary of the other or both are subsidiaries
of the same body corporate.

27
