

===== page 1 =====
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited

Annual report and financial statements

Registered number 08555831
31 March 2019

au ll |

panie018 #320
COMPANIES HOUSE

TUESDAY


===== page 2 =====
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
Annual report and financial statéments
31 March 2019

Contents

Company information

Directors’ report

Statement of directors’ responsibilities in respect of the Directors’ report and the financial statements
Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited

Profit and loss account :

Balance sheet

Statement of changes in equity

Notes

wor sa ken


===== page 3 =====
Company Information

Directors

Company number

Registered office

Auditor

Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2019

ENB Fraser
NB Baker (Resigned 29 March 2019) -
NR Kent (Resigned 13 December 2018)

JC Paton (Appointed 13 December 2018)

08555831

60 Gresham Street
London
EC2V 7BB

KPMG LLP
St Nicholas House
Park Row
Nottingham

NGI 6FQ

Page 1


===== page 4 =====
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
Annual réport and financial statements
31 March 2019

Directors’ report .
The Directors presént their report and the audited financial statements for thé year ended 31 March 2019,

Principal activities

The principal activity of the Company is that of a holding company.

Results and dividend
The results for the year are set out in the attached profit and loss account,

‘Two dividend payments totalling £24,568,000 were made to the Companys sole shareholder, Alpha FMC Bidco Limited (2018: Enil), both to
facilitate the payments of the FY 19 Group dividends made by the Company's ultimate pareni, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ple, to its
shareholders. These dividends were facilitated by the receipt in the year of dividends totalling £24,568,000 from the Companj’s directly owned
subsidiary, Alpha FMC Group Limited. The Directors have not recommended the payment of a final dividend (2018: £16,475,000).

Direetors
The Directors who held office during the year were as follows;

ENB Fraser
NB Baker (Resigned 29 March 2019)
NR Kent (Resigned 13 December 2018)
JC Paton (Appointed 13 December 2018)

Political contributions

The Company made no political donations or incurred any political expenditure during the year.

Disclosure of information to auditor

‘The Directors who held office at the date of approval of this Directors’ report confirm that,.so far as they are each aware, there is no relevant audit
information of which the Company's auditor is unaware; and each Director has taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as a Director to make
themselves aware of any relevant aiidit information and to establish that the Company's auditor is aware of that information.

Auditor
Pursuant to Section 487 of the Companies Act 2006, the auditor will be deemed to be reappointed and KPMG LLP will therefore continue in office.

By order of the Board.

john C Paton
Director

18 December 2019

Page 2


===== page 5 =====
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
‘Annual report and-financial statements
31 March 2019

Statement of directors’ responsibilities in respect of the strategic report and the Directors’ report
and the financial statements.

The Directors are responsible for preparing the strategic report and the Directors’ report and the financial statements in accordance with applicable
law and regulations.

Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year, Under that law they have elected to prepare the financial
statements in accordance with UK accounting standards and applicable law (UK Generally Accepted Accounting Pfactice), including FRS 101
Reduced Disclosure Framework.

Under Company law the Directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of
affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for that period. In preparing these financial statements, the Directors are required to:

* select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;

‘+ make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent,

++ state whether applicable UK accounting standards have been followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in
the financial statements; :

* assess the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern; and

+ use the going concer basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations or have no realistic
altemative but to do so. |

The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the Company's transactions and
disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply
with the Companies Act 2006. They are responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have. general responsibility for taking such steps as are
reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the Company and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.

Page 3


===== page 6 =====
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2019

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited (“the Company") for the year ended 31 March 2019 which
comprise the profit and loss account, balance sheet and statement of changes in equity and related notes, including the accounting policies in note 1.

In our opinion the financial statements:

+ give a give a true and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs as at 31 March 2019 and of its profit for the year then ended; :
+ have been properly prepared in accordance with UK accounting standards, including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework, and
+ have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.
Basis for opinion
‘We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing UK (“ISAs UK") and applicable law. Our responsibilities ae
described below. We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and are independent of the company in accordance with, UK ethical
requirements including the FRC Ethical Standard, We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis for our
opinion.
Brexit .
Uncertainties related to the effects of Brexit are relevant to understanding our audit of the financial statements. All audits assess and challenge the
reasonableness of estimates made by the Directors, such as recoverability of investments and related disclosures and the appropriateness of the going

cconcem basis of preparation of the financial statements. All of these depend on assessments of the future economic envionment and the Company's
future prospects and performance.

Brexit is one of the most significant economic events for the UK, and at the date of this repon its effects are subject to unprecedented levels of
uncertainty of outcomes, with the full range of possible effects unknown. We applied a standardised firm-wide approach in response to that

uncertainty when assessing the Company's future prospects and performance. However, no audit should be expected to predict the unknowable
factors or all possible future implications for a company and this is particularly the case in relation to Bre

Going concern

‘The Directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concern basis as they do not intend to liquidate the Company or to cease its
operations, and as they have concluded that the Company's financial position means that this is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no
material uncertainties that could have cast significant doubt over its ability to continue as a going concern for at least a year from the date of approval
of the financial statements (“the going concer period”).

We are required to report to you if we have concluded that the use of the going concern basis of accounting is inappropriate or there is an undisclosed
‘material uncertainty that may cast significant doubt over the use of that basis for a period of at least a year from the date of approval of the financial
statements. In our evaluation of the Directors’ conclusions, we considered the inherent risks to the Company's business model, including the impact
of Brexit, and analysed how those risks might affect the Company's financial resources or ability to continue operations over the going concer
period. We have nothing to report in these respects.

However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in outcomes that are inconsistent with judgements
that were reasonable at the time they were made, the absence of reference to a material uncertainty in this auditor's report is not a guarantee that the
‘Company will continue in operation.

Strategic report and Directors’ report

‘The Directors are responsible for the strategic report and the Directors’ report. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover those reports
and we do not express an audit opinion thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the strategic report and the Directors’ report and, in doing so, consider whether, based on our financial statements audit
work, the information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with the financial statements or our audit knowledge. Based solely on that work:

* we have not identified material misstatements in the strategic report and the Directors’ report,
* in our opinion the information given in those reports for thé financial year is consistent with the financial statements; and
* ina opinion these egos have been prepared in accordance wit he Compaice At 2006

Matters on which we are required to report by exception

Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:

+ adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received from branches not visited by
us; or

* the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and retumns; or

* certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or

* we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit; or

* the Directors were not entitled to take advantage of the small companies exemption from the requirement to prepare a strategic report.

We have nothing to report in these respects.

Page 4


===== page 7 =====
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2019

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
(continued) . .

Directors’ responsibilities

As explained more fully in their statement set out én page 3, the Directors are responsible for: the preparation of the financial statements and for being
satisfied that they give a true and fair view; such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; assessing the Company's ability to continue as a going concer, disclosing, as
applicable, matters related to going concern; and using the going concer basis of accounting unless they either intend 1o liquidate the company or to
cease operations, or have no realistic altemative but to do so,

Auditor's responsibilities

‘Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due
to fraud or error, and to issue our opinion in an auditor’s report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but does not guarantee that an
audit conducted in accordance with ISAs UK will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
and are considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on
the basis of the financial statements, .

A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC’s website at www. frc.org, uk/auditorsresponsibilities,

The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities

This report is made solely to the Company's members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006. Our audit
work has been undertaken so that we might state to the Company's members those matters we are required to'state to them in an auditor's report and
for no other purpose, To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the
Company's members, as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

ZA Dassarvyr ZO

Mark Flanagan (Senior Statutory Auditor)
for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
Chartered Accountants

St Nicholas House

31 Park Row

Nottingham

NGI 6FQ

Page 5


===== page 8 =====
Profit & loss account
‘for the year ended 31 March 2019

Administrative expenses

Operating profit

Income from shares in Group undertakings

Profit before taxation

Taxation

Profit for the financial year

In both the current and preceding year, the Company made no material acquisitions and had no discontinued operations.

Note

Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
Annual report and financial statements

2019
£000

24,568

24,568

24,568

31 March 2019

2018
£000

15,961

15,961

15,961

There were no recognised gains or losses in either the current or preceding year other than those disclosed in the profit and loss account, and therefore
no separate statement of other comprehensive income has been presented.

The notes on pages 9-18 form part of these financial statements.

Page 6


===== page 9 =====
‘Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
Aninual report sind financial statements

31 March 2019
Balance sheet
At 31. March 2019
Restated
Year ended year ended
Note 31 March 2019 31 March 2018 '
£000 £000 2000 #000
Non-current assets .
Investments 7 22,421 22,421
22,421 22,421
Current assets .
Debtors 8 52,443 . 27,875
$2,443 27,875
Current liabilities
Creditors: amounts falling due within one year 9 (45,439) (20,871)
Net current assets 7,004 7,004
Net assets 29,425 29,425
Capital and reserves
Called up share capital 10 620 620
Share premium 389 389
Capital contributions reserve 28,416 28,416
Profit and loss account . - :
Shareholders’ funds 29,425 29,425

The notes on pages 9-18 form part of these finaacial statements. These financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of
Directors on 18 December 2019: They Were signed on its behaif by:

\ John
Director

‘
Coimpaby registered number: 08555831.

" Prior year restatement relates to the reclassification of the capital contribution reserve and the share premium account.

Page 7


===== page 10 =====
Statement of changes in equity

As at 1 April 2017 - Restated
‘Total comprehensive income for the period
Total comprehensive income for the period

‘Transactions with owners, recorded directly in equity
Dividends

Balance at 1 Aprit 2018 - Restated

As at! Aprit 2018

Total comprehensive income for, the period
Total comprehensive income for the period

Transactions with owners
Dividends \
Consideration to be paid in equity

Balance at 31 March 2019

The notes on pages 9-18 form part of these financial statements.

Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2019
Called up Capital

share Share Contributions Profit and Total
capital Premium Reserve loss account Equity
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000
620 389 28,416 29,425

- . - 15,961 -

- - (15,961) -
620 389 28,416 29,425
620 389 28.416 29,425
- : : 24,568 24,568
- - . (24,568) (24,568)
620 389 28,416 : 29,425

Page 8


===== page 11 =====
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
. Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2019

Notes
(forming part of the financial statements)

1 Accounting policies

Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited (the “Company”) is a Company limited by shares, domiciled and registered in the UK. The registered number is
08555831 and the registered address is 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB,

These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework (“FRS 101”).

The Company is exempt by virtue of Section 400 of the Companies Act 2006 from the requirement to prepare Group financial statements. These
financial statements present information about the Company as an individual and not about its Group.

In preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement and disclosure requirements of International Financial
Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU (“Adopted IFRSs”), but makes amendments where necessary in order to comply with Companies Act 2006
and has set out below where advantage of the FRS 101 disclosure exemptions has been taken.

The Company's parent undertaking, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc (formerly Alpha FMC Topco Limited), includes the Company in its
consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc are available to the public and
may be obtained from 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB, or the Website www.investors.alphafme.com,
In these financial statements, the Company has applied the exemptions available under FRS 101 in respect of the following disclosures:

* aCash flow statement and related notes;

+ comparative period reconciliations for share capital, tangible fixed assets, intangible assets and investment properties;

* disclosures in respect of transactions with wholly owned subsidiaries;

* disclosures in respect of capital management,

* the effects of new but not yet effective IFRSs;

* disclosures in respect of the compensation of Key Management Personnel; and

+ disclosures of transactions with a management entity that provides key management personnel services to the Company.
As the consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ple include the equivalent disclosures, the Company has also taken
the exemptions under FRS 101 available in respect of the following disclosures:

+ IFRS 2 Share Based Payments in respect of group settled share based payments, and

+ Certain disclosures required by IFRS 3 Business Combinations in respect of business combinations undertaken by the Company.

‘The accounting policies set out below have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods presented in these financial statements.

‘There are no judgements made by the Directors, in the application of these accounting policies that have significant effect on the financial statements
and estimates with a significant risk of material adjustment in the next year.

1d Measurement convention

‘The financial statements are prepared on the historical cost basis.

1.2 Going concern
‘The financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis which the Directors consider to be appropriate for the following reasons:

(a) The Directors have prepared cash flow forecasts for a period of 12 months from the date of approval of these financial statements which
indicate that, taking account of reasonably possible downsides, the Company will have sufficient funds to meet its liabilities as they fall
due for that period.

(b) The Directors are confident that the Company will have sufficient funds to continue to meet its liabilities as they fall due for at least 12
months from the date of approval of the financial statements,

Page 9


===== page 12 =====
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2019

Notes (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

13 Foreign currency

Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the Company's functional currencies at the foreign exchange rate ruling at the date of the
transaction, Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the balance sheet date are retranslated to the functional currency at
the foreign exchange rate ruling at that date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are
translated using thé exchange rate at the date of the transaction, Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are stated
at fair value are retranslated to the functional currency at foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates the fair value was determined. Foreign exchange
‘differences arising on translation are recognised in the profit and loss.

14 Classification of financial instruments issued by the Company

Following the adoption of IAS 32, financial instruments issued by the Company are treated as equity only to the extent that they meet the following
two conditions:

(2) they include no contractual obligations upon the Company to deliver cash or other financial assets or to exchange financial assets or
financial liabilities with another party under conditions that are potentially unfavourable to the Company, and

(b) where the instrument will or may be settled in the Company's own equity instruments, itis either a non-derivative that includes no
obligation to deliver a variable number of the Company's own equity instruments or is a derivative that will be settled by the
Company's exchanging a fixed amount of cash or other financial assets for a fixed number of its own equity instruments,

To the extent that this definition is not met, the proceeds of issue are classified as a financial liability. Where the instrument so classified takes the
legal form of the Company's own shares, the amounts presented in these financial statements for called up share capital and share premium account
exclude amounts in relation to those shares.

1S Non-derivative financial instruments

Non-derivative financial instruments relevant to the Company comprise of investments in subsidiaries, trade and other debtors, loans and borrowings,
and trade and other creditors. . .

‘Trade and other debtors

Trade and other debtors are recognised initially at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition they are measured at amortised cost using the effective
interest method, less any impairment losses.

‘Trade and other creditors

‘Trade and other creditors are recognised i
effective interest method.

ally at fair value, Subsequent to initial recognition they are measured at amortised cost using the

Investments in subsidiaries

Investments in subsidiaries are carried at cost less impairment,

Interest-bearing borrowings

Interest-bearing borrowings are recognised initially at fair value less attributable transaction costs, Subsequent to initial recognition, interest-bearing

borrowings are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less any impairment losses. :

Page 10


===== page 13 =====
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
. Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2019

Notes (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)

1.6 Impairment
Financial assets (including trade and other debtors)

A financial asset not carried at fair value through profit or loss is assessed at each reporting date to determine whether there is objective evidence that
impaired. A financial asset is impaired if objective evidence indicates that a loss event has occurred after the initial recognition of the asset, and
that the losé event had a negative effect on the estimated future cash flows of that asset that can be estimated reliably.

‘An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured at amortised cost is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the
present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the asset's original effective interest rate, For financial instruments measured at cost
Jess impairment an impairment is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the best estimate of the amount that the Company
would receive for the asset if it were to be sold at the reporting date. Interest on the impaired asset continues to be recognised through the unwinding
of the discount. When a subsequent event causes the amount of impairment loss to decrease, the decrease in impairment loss is reversed through
profit or loss.

Non-financial assets

The carrying amounts of the Company's non-financial assets are reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether there is any indication of
impairment, If any such indication exists, then the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. For goodwill, and intangible assets that have indefinite
useful lives or that are not yet available for use, the recoverable amount is estimated each year at the same time.

The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less costs to sell. In assessing value in
use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the
time value of money and the risks specific to the asset, For the purpose of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are Grouped
together into the smallest Group of assets that generates cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other
assets or Groups of assets (the “cash-generating unit").

The goodwill acquired in a business combination, for the purpose of impairment testing, is allocated to cash-generating units, or (“CGU"). Subject to
‘an operating segment ceiling test, for the purposes of goodwill impairment testing, CGUs to which goodwill has been allocated are aggregated so that
the level at which impairment is tested reflects the lowvest level at which goodwill is monitored for internal reporting purposes. Goodwill acquired in a
business combination is allocated to Groups of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.

An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable amount. Impairment losses are
recognised in profit or loss. Impairment losses recognised in respect of CGUs are allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill
allocated to the units, and then to reduce the carrying amounts of the other assets in the unit (Group of units) on a pro rata basis.

‘An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed.

Page 11


===== page 14 =====
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2019

Notes (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)
16 Impairment (continued)

In respect of other assets, impairment losses recognised in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indications that the loss has
decreased or no longer exists. An impairment loss is reversed if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount,
‘An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been
determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

17 Employee benefits
Defined contribution plans

‘A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which the Company pays fixed contributions into a separate entity and will have
1no legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts. Obligations for contributions to defined contribistion pension plans are recognised as an
expense in the profit and loss account in the periods during which services are rendered by employces. :

18 Provisions .
A provision is recognised in the balance sheet when the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation as & result of a past event, that can be
reliably measured and it is probable that an ouiflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation. Provisions are determined by
discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects risks specific to the liability.

19 Taxation

Tax on the profit or loss for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the profit and loss account except to the extent that it
relates to items recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive income, in which case it is recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive
income.

Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the
balance sheet date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

Deferred tax is provided on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the
amounts used for taxation purposes. The following temporary differences are not provided for: the initial recognition of goodwill; the initial
recognition of assets or liabilities that affect neither accounting nor taxable profit other than in a business combination, and differences relating to
investments in subsidiaries to the extent that they will probably not reverse in the foreseeable future. The amount of deferred tax provided is based on
the expected manner of realisation or settlement of the carrying amount of assels and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the
balance sheet date.

A deferred tax asset is recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available.

Page 12


===== page 15 =====
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2019

Notes (continued)

1.10 New accounting standards and interpretations

‘The International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) have issued the following standards and
interpretations which are now effective:

« IFRS 9: Financial Instruments (effective for periods commencing on or after | January 2018)
‘* IFRS 15; Revenue from contracts with customers (effective for periods commencing on or after | January 2018)

The Directors reviewed the nature and effect that these new standards have had on the Company and do not believe that the impact is material. These
standards have been adopted by the Company: -

TERS 9 Financial insteuments (effective for periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018)

IFRS 9 changes the classification and measurement of financial asscts, and the timing and extent of credit provisioning, The new categories per IFRS
9 have not had a material impact on the financial assets as trade receivables have continued to be carried at amortised cost.

An expected credit loss model replaces the incurred loss model. This requires an assessment of the likelihood of default and any potential loss that
may arise in the event of default. The Group has found that the new standard has not caused a material change in the impairment of trade receivables
or any other financial assets because the company does not currently hold any such financial instruments,

HFRS 15 Revenue from contracts with customers (effective for periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018)

IFRS 15 was published in 2014, replacing IAS 18 “Revenue”. This standard establishes principles for reporting information about the nature,
amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from an entity’s contracts with customers, Revenue is recognised when a customer
obtains control of a good or service and, thus, has the ability to direct the use and obtain the benefits from the good or'service.

To determine revenue recognition for arrangements that are within the scope of IFRS 15, the standard identifies the following steps: (i identify the
contract; (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the
performance obligations in the contract; (v) recognise revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies the performance obligation,

The adoption of a new standard has no impact on the Company's results in the current or prior year as the principal activity of the Company is that of
a holding company and therefore, it does not generate revenue.

Page 13


===== page 16 =====
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2019

Notes (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)

Lu Adopted IFRS not yet applied

‘The following Adopted IFRSs have been issued but have not been applied in these financial statements. Their adoption is not expected to have a

material effect on the financial statements unless otherwise indicated:
'

+ IFRS 16 Leases (effective for periods commencing on or after } January 2019).

‘The Directors reviewed the impact that these new standards will have on the Company and do not believe that the impact will be material. The
Company intends to adopt the standards in the reporting period when they become effective, The following standards are relevant to the Company
but were not yet effective, These standards have not been early adopted by the Company:

IFRS 16 - Leases (effective for periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019)

IFRS 16 was published in January 2016, replacing IAS 17 “Leases”, The Company will likely adopt IFRS 16 on a ‘modified’ retrospective basis and
the Company will recognise the cumulative effect of initially applying the new standard as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings

at | April 2019, ie. the date of inital application, and not restate the comparative. +
2 Auditor's remuneration
Auditor's remuneration:
2019 2018
£000 £000

Audit of these financial statements

Amounts receivable by thé Company's auditor and its associates in respect of services to the Company and its associates, other than the audit of the
Company's financial statements, have not been disclosed as the information is required instead to be disclosed on a consolidated basis in the
consolidated financial statements of the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ple.

3 Staff numbers and costs

‘The Company had no employces during the current or prior periods.

4 Income from shares in Group undertakings

2019 2018
£000

Dividend income

5 Directors’ remuneration

‘The Directors ofthe Company are paid out of other entities within the Group, The Directors believe thatthe value oftheir services in respect ofthe
Company, in both the current and prior periods, were negligible and therefore, have not been disclosed.

6 Taxation f
Recognised in the profit and loss account
2019 2018
. £000 £000 £000 £000
Current tax
Current tax on income for the period - :
Adjustments in respect of prior periods - :

Total current tax : -

Deferred tax
Adjustments in respect of prior periods - -

Page 14


===== page 17 =====
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
Annual report and financial statements:
31 March 2019

Notes (continued)

6 Taxation (continued)
Reconciliation of effective tax rate ,
2019 2018
£000 £000
Profit for the year 24,568 15,961
Total tax expense . - :
Profit excluding taxation ‘ 24,568 15,961
Tax using the UK corporation tax rate of 19% (2018: 19%) 4,668 3,033,
Recognition of previously unrecognised Group tax losses - oO)
Income not taxable for tax purposes (4,668)

Total tax expense - -

Reductions in the UK corporation tax rate to 18% (effective 1 April 2020) were substantively enacted on 26 October 2015, and an additional
reduction to 17% (effective from | April 2020) was substantively enacted on 6 September 2016. This will reduce the Company's future tax charge
accordingly. The deferred tax assets and liabilities at 31 March 2019 have been calculated based on the rates substantively enacted at the balance
sheet date.

7 +, Fixed asset investments
Shares in
group undertakings
£000
At31 March 2019 & 31 March 2018 22,421

Page 15


===== page 18 =====
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2019
Notes (continued)
7 Fixed asset investments (continued)
Classand Class and
percentage of percentage of
Country of Registered Principal activity shares held- shares held -
Subsidiary undertakings Incorporation address 31 March 2019 31 March 2018
Alpha FMC Group Limited UK 1 Intermediate holding company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Group Limited UK 1 Intermediate holding company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK,
Limited UK 1 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Technology Services Consulting UK 1 Dormant 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Glass Client Programs Limited UK 1 Dissolved wa 100% ordinary
Alpha Data Solutions Limited UK 1 Consultancy services 100% ordinary n/a
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Inc. USA 2 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
SAS. France 3 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting S.A. Luxembourg 4 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Netherlands B.V. Netherlands 5 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Switzerland S.A. Switzerland 6 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Track Two GmbH Gennany 7 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting :
Singapore Ple. Limited Singapore 8 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong 9 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Australia PTY Limited Australia 10 Consultancy services 100% ordinary n/a
Notes:

1, 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB

2. 575 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY 10017, USA.

3. 6 Square de L'Opera Louis Jouvet, 75008 Paris, France

4, 19/21 route d’Arlon - bloc B, L-8009 Strassen, Luxembourg,

5. Spaces Zuidas, Barbara Strozzitaan 101, 1083 HN, Amsterdam, The Netherlands
6. Bleicherweg 10, 8002 Zurich, Switzerland

7. Mergenthalerallee 73-75, 65760 Eschborn, Germany

8. 3A Conway Circle, Singapore 558288,

9, Level 8 Admiralty Ctr Tower 11, 18 Harcourt Road Admiralty, Hong Kong

10, 383-385 George Street, Sydney NSW 2000

Page 16 : .


===== page 19 =====
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2019
Notes (continued)
7 Fixed asset investments (continued)
Share capital Profiti(loss) for
and reserves the period
Subsidiary undertakings £'000 £000
Alpha FMC Group Limited 3 24,568
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited 9,165 17,945
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited 17,134 10,992
Alpha Technology Services Consulting Limited» : -
Glass Client Programs Limited : :
Alpha Data Solutions Limited . . :
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Inc. (1,532) (635)
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting S.A.S. 6.461 1,982
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting S.A. 1,053 342
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Netherlands B.V. G27) (75)
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Switzerland S.A. ©) (60)
Track Two GmbH 347) (774)
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Singapore Pte. Limited 838 . $42
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Hong Kong Limited a” 0)
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Australia PTY Limited - -
8 Debtors
2019 2018
£000 £000
Amounts owed by Group undertakings 52,428 27,860
Other debtors 18 1s
52,443 27,875

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are interest free and are repayable on demand.

9 Creditors: amounts falling due within one year
2019 ° 2018
£000 £000

‘Amounts owed to Group undertakings 45,439 20,871
45,439 20,871

Amounts owed to Group undertakings are either interest-bearing or non interest-bearing depending on the type of the creditor relationship and are
repayable on demand

Page 17


===== page 20 =====
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2019

Notes (continued)
10 Capital and reserves
Share Capital
2019 2018
£000 £000
Allotted, called up and fully paid
61,999,700 ordinary shares of £0.01 620 20
620
Shares classified in shareholders’ funds 620 . 620
620 620

‘The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the
Company.

Dividends

Two dividend payments totalling £24,568,000 were made to the Company's sole shareholder, Alpha FMC Bidco Limited (2018: £nil), both to
facilitate the payments of the FY-19 Group dividends made by the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ple, to its
shareholders. These dividends were facilitated by'the receipt in the year of dividends totalling £24,568,000 from the Company's directly owned
subsidiary, Alpha FMC Group Limited, The Directors have not recommended the payment of a final dividend (2018: £16,475,000)

u Contingencies

In the prior year, the Company was a cross-guarantor for the Beechbrook and Lloyds loans held by Alpha FMC Bidco Lid. These loans were fully paid
in the prior year, The Company did not owe any monies in respect of these loans as at 31 March 2019 or 31 March 2018.

12 Related parties
Identity of related parties with which the Company has transacted

‘The Company has not engaged in any transactions with any related partes other than with wholly owneld subsidiaries. These transactions have not
been disclosed as the Company has taken advantage of exemptions under FRS101

13 Ultimate parent company and parent company of larger group
‘The Company is a subsidiary undertaking of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc, incorporated in England and Wales, The ultimate controlling
party is Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ple.

Both the largest and smallest Group in which the results of the Company are consolidated is that headed by Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc,
incorporated in England and Wales. The consolidated financial statements of the Group are available to the public and may be obtained from 60
Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB, or the website www.investors.alphafme.com.

Page 18
