

===== page 1 =====
uA

2/20: '
NIES .


===== page 2 =====
’
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Contents

Company information

Directors’ report

Statement of directors’ responsibilities in respect of the directors’ report and the financial statements
Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited

Profit and loss account

Balance sheet

Statement of changes in equity

Notes

Car aAeRwWne


===== page 3 =====
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Company Information

Directors ENB Fraser
JC Paton

Company number 08555831

Registered office 60 Gresham Street
London
EC2V 7BB

Auditor KPMG LLP
‘St Nicholas House
31 Park Row
Nottingham
NGI 6FQ

Page 1


===== page 4 =====
,

Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
Annual repoit and financial statements
31 March 2021

Directors’ report
‘The Directors present their report and the audited financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2021 (FY 21).

Principal activities
‘The principal activity of the Company is that of a holding company.

Results and dividend

‘The results for the year. are set out in the attached profit and loss account.

A dividend payment totalling £6,000,000 was made to the Company's sole shareholder, Alpha FMC Bidco Limited (FY 20: £7,187,000), to facilitate the
peyment of the Group” dividend made by the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, to its shareholders. This dividend
was facilitated by the receipt in the year of a dividend totalling £6,000,000 from the Company's directly owned subsidiary, Alpha FMC Group Limited.
‘The Directors have not recommended the payment of a final dividend (FY 20: £ail).

Directors

‘The Directors who held office during the year, were as follows:

ENB Fraser

JC Paton

Political contributions
‘The Company made no political donations or incurred any political expenditure dusinig the year.

Disclosure of information to auditor

‘The Directors who held office at the date of approval of this Directors’ report confirm that, so far as they are cach aware, there is no relevant audit
information of which the Company's auditor is unaware; and each Director has taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as a Director to make
‘themselves aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the Company’s auditor is aware of that information.

Auditor
Pursuant to Section 487 of the Companies Act 2006, the auditor will be deemed to be reappointed and KPMG LLP will therefore continue in office.

By ordff of the Board.

Johi
Di

60 Gresham Street
. Londo EC2V 7BB

13 December 2021

'FY 21 is the financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2021. By comparison, FY 20 is the previous financial year covering the 12 months to 31. March 2020
*Group refers to the Companys ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc and its subsidiaries.

Page 2


===== page 5 =====
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the Directors’ report and the financial
statements

‘The Directors are responsible for preparing the Directors’ Report and the financial statements in accordance with applicable law and regulations.

Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law they have elected to prepare the financial
statements in accordance with UK accounting standards and applicable law (UK Generally Accepted Accounting Practice), including FRS 101 Reduced
Disclosure Framework.

Under company law the Directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of
affairs of the company and of the profit or loss of the company for that period. In preparing these financial statements, the Directors are required to:

* select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;

‘+ make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

* state whether applicable UK accounting standards have been followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and explained
in the financial statements,

* assess the Company's ability to continue as a going concer, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern; and

* use the going concer basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations or have no
realistic alternative but to do so.

The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the Company's transactions and disclose
with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the
Companies Act 2006. They are responsible for such internal controt as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements
that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have general responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to
them to safeguard the assets of the Company and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.

Page 3


===== page 6 =====
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limitéd
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited

Opinion
We have audited the financial statements of Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited (“the Company”) for the year ended 31 March 2021 which comprise
the profit and loss account, balance sheet, statement of changes in equity and related notes, including the accounting policies in note |

In our opinion the financial statements:

* give a true and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs as at 31 March 2021 and of its profit for the year then ended;

* have been properly prepared in accordance with UK accounting standards, including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure
Framework; and

* have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Intemational Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and applicable law. Our responsibilities are
described below. We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and are independent of the Company in accordance with, UK ethical
requirements including the FRC Ethical Standard. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis for our
opinion.

Going concern

The Directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concer basis as they do not intend to liquidate the Company or to cease its
‘operations, and as they have concluded that the Company's financial position means that this is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no
material uncertainties that could have cast significant doubt over its ability to continue as a going concern for at least a year from the date of approval
of the financial statements (“the going concer period”).

In our evaluation of the Directors’ conclusions, we considered the inherent risks to the Company’s business model and analysed how those risks might
affect the Company's financial resources or ability to continue operations over the going concem period.

‘Our conclusions based on this work:
* we consider that the Directors’ use of the going concem basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is appropriate;
* we have not identified, and concur with the Directors’ assessment that there is not, a material uncertainty related to events or

ity to continue as a going concem for the

conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the Company's at
going concer period

However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in outcomes that are inconsistent with judgements
that were reasonable at the time they were made, the above conclusions are not a guarantee that the Company will continue in operation.

Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations ~ ability to detect

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to fraud

To identify risks of material misstatement due to fraud (“fraud risks”) we assessed events or conditions that could indicate an incentive or pressure to
commit fraud or provide an opportunity to commit fraud. Our risk assessment procedures included enquiring of Directors and inspection of policy
documentation as to the Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plo's policies and procedures to prevent and detect fraud that apply to this group company
as well as enquiring whether the Directors have knowledge of any actual, suspected or alleged fraud

As required by auditing standards, we perform procedures to address the risk of management override of controls, in particular the risk that
management may be in a position to make inappropriate accounting entries. On this audit we do not believe there is a fraud risk related to revenue
recognition because there are no revenue transactions. We did not identify any additional fraud risks.

We performed procedures including agreeing all accounting entries in the period to supporting documentation,

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to non-compliance with laws and regulations

We identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the financial statements from our general
‘commercial and sector experience and through discussion with the Directors (as required by auditing standards), and discussed with the Directors the
policies and procedures regarding compliance with laws and regulations.

‘The Company is subject to laws and regulations that directly affect the financial statements including financial reporting legislation (including related
‘companies legislation), distributable profits legislation and taxation legislation and we assessed the extent of compliance with these laws and
regulations as part of our procedures on the related financial statement items.

This Company, as a holding company, is not subject to other laws and regulations where the consequences of non-compliance could have a material
effect on amounts or disclosures in the financial statements.
Context of the ability of the audit to detect fraud or breaches of law or regulation

‘Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an unavoidable risk that we may not have detected some material misstatements in the financial
statements, even though we have properly planned and performed our audit in accordance with auditing standards. For example, the further removed
non-compliance with laws and regulations is from the events and transactions reflected in the financial statements, the less likely the inherently limited
procedures required by auditing standards would identify it.

In addition, as with any audit, there remained a higher risk of non-detection of fraud, as these may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
misrepresentations, or the override of internal controls. Our audit procedures are designed to detect material misstatement. We are not responsible for
preventing non-compliance or fraud and cannot be expected to detect non-compliance with all laws and regulations.

Directors’ report

‘The Directors are responsible for the Directors’ report. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover that report and we do not express an
audit opinion thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the Directors’ report and, in doing so, consider whether, based on our financial statements audit work, the information.
therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with the financial statements or our audit knowledge, Based solely on that work:

* we have not identified material misstatements in the Directors’ report;
* in our opinion the information given in that report for the financial year is consistent with the financial statements; and
* in our opinion that report has been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006.

Page 4


===== page 7 =====
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited (continued)

Matters on which we are required to report by exception
Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you if, in our opinion
* adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received from branches not
visited by us, or
* the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns, or
* certain disclosures of Directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or
* we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit; or

* the Directors were not entitled to take advantage of the small companies exemption from the requirement to prepare a Strategic report.

We have nothing to report in these respects.
Directors’ responsibilities

As explained more fully in their statement set out on page 3, the Directors are responsible for: the preparation of the financial statements and for being
satisfied that they give a true and fair view, such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; assessing the Company's ability to continue as a going concem, disclosing, as
applicable, matters related to going concern; and using the going concem basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to
‘cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due
to fraud or error, and to issue our opinion in an auditor's report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but does not guarantee that an audit
conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis
of the financial statements,

A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC’s website at www. frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities.

The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities

This report is made solely to the Company's members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006, Our audit work
has been undertaken so that we might state to the Company's members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no
other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the Company's
‘members, as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed,

ax

Craig Parkin (Senior Statutory Auditor)
for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
Chartered Accountants

St Nicholas House

31 Park Row

Nottingham

NGI 6FQ

13 December 2021

Page 5


===== page 8 =====
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limitéd
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Profit & loss account
Sor the year ended 31 March 2021

Year ended Year ended

31 March 31 March

Note 2021 2020

£000 £000
Administrative expenses - -
Operating profit : -

Income from shares in Group undertakings 5 6,000 7,187

Profit before taxation, 6,000 7,187
Taxation 6 - -

Profit for the financial year 6,000 7,187

In both the current and preceding year, the Company made no material acquisitions and had no discontinued operations.
‘There were no recognised gains or losses in either the current or preceding year other than those disclosed in the profit and loss account, and therefore
no separate statement of other comprehensive income has been presented.

Page 6


===== page 9 =====
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements

31 Mare 2021
Balance sheet
As at 31 March 2021
Asat Asat
Note 31 March 2021 31 March 2020
£000 £000 £000 £000
Non-current assets
Investments 7 an 22,421
Amounts owed by Group undertakings 65,250 $9,250
87,671 81,671
Current assets
Debtors g 380 380
380 380
Corrent labilittes
Creditors: amounts falling due within one year ’ (58,626) 62,626)
(88,626) (52,626)
Net current liabilities (58,246) (52,246)
Net assets 29,425 29,425
— ——
Capital and reserves
‘Called up share capital 10, 620 620
Share premium. 389 389
Capital contributions reserve 28,416 28,416
Profit and loss account - :
Shareholders' funds 29,425 29,425
—— —

Tee ‘notes on page’ 9-14 form part of these financial statements. These financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of
s on 13 Decembgx 2021. They were signed an its behalf by:



===== page 10 =====
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limitéd
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Statement of changes in equity

Called up Capital Total
share Share contributions Profitand shareholders’
capital premium reserve loss account funds
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Asat 1 April 2019 620 389 28,416 - 29,425
* Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit for the period - - - 7,187 7,187
Transactions with owners, recorded directly in equity
Dividends : - : (7,187) (7,187)
As at 31 March 2020 620 389 28,416 - 29,425
Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit for the period - - : 6,000 6,000
Transactions with owners
Dividends - : : (6,000) (6,000)
‘As at 31 March 2021 620 389 28,416 - 29,425

Page 8


===== page 11 =====
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Notes
(forming part of the financial statements)

1 Accounting policies

Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited (the “Company” is a Company limited by shares, domiciled and registered in the UK. The registered number is
08555831 and the registered address is 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB.

‘These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework (“FRS 101”).

The Company is exempt by virtue of Section 400 of the Companies Act 2006 from the requirement to prepare Group financial statements. These
financial statements present information about the Company as an individual and not about its Group. Further, in accordance with Section 414A(2) of
the Companies Act 2006, the Company has taken the exemption from preparing a strategic report.

In preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement and disclosure requirements of International Financial
Reporting Standards (“Adopted IFRSs”), but makes amendments where necessary in order to comply with Companies Act 2006 and has set out below
where advantage of the FRS 101 disclosure exemptions has been taken,

‘The Company’s parent undertaking, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, includes the Company in its consolidated financial statements. The
consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc are available to the public and may be obtained from 60 Gresham Street,
London, EC2V 7BB, or the website investors.alphafme.com.

In these financial statements, the Company has applied the exemptions available under FRS 101 in respect of the following disclosures:
* A cash flow statement and related notes,
* comparative period reconciliations for share capital, tangible fixed assets, intangible assets and investment properties;
+ disclosures in respect of transactions with wholly owned subsidiaries,
+ disclosures in respect of capital management;
* the effects of new but not yet effective IFRSs,
+ disclosures in respect of the compensation of Key Management Personnel; and
* disclosures of transactions with a management entity that provides key management personnel services to the Company.
As the consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple include the equivalent disclosures, the Company has also taken the
exemptions under FRS 101 available in respect of the following disclosures:
‘+ IFRS 2 Share Based Payments in respect of group settled share-based payments, and
* Certain disclosures required by IFRS 16 Leases in relation to disclosure of the Company's leasing activities.
* Certain disclosures required by LFRS 3 Business Combinations in respect of business combinations undertaken by the Company.

‘The accounting policies set out below have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods presented in these financial statements.

‘There are no judgements made by the Directors, in the application of these accounting policies that have significant effect on the financial statements
and estimates with a significant risk of material adjustment in the next year.

LI Basis of preparation

‘These financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost basis, except for certain financial instruments that are measured at fair value,

‘The presentational currency of these financial statements and the functional currency of the Company is pounds sterling. All amounts in these financial
statements have been rounded to the nearest £1,000.

1.2 Going concern

Notwithstanding net current liabilities of £58,246,000 as at 31 March 2021 the financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis which
the Directors consider to be appropriate for the following reasons.

The Directors have prepared cash flow forecasts for a period of at least 12 months from the date of approval of these financial statements which
indicate that, taking account of reasonably possible downsides, the Company will have sufficient funds, to meet its liabilities as they fall due for that
period.

‘Those forecasts are dependent on the Company's ultimate parent company, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc not seeking repayment of the
amounts currently due to the other companies controlled by the group, which at 31 March 2021 amounted to £58,626,000. Alpha Financial Markets,
Consulting Plc has indicated that it does not intend to seek repayment of these amounts for the period covered by the forecasts. The Company also has
access to additional funding through other Group entities, via the Group's revolving credit facility, which remains undrawn at the date of approval of
these financial statements, and the strength of the Group's cash position at 31 March 2021. As with any company placing reliance on other group
‘entities for financial support, the Directors acknowledge that there can be no certainty that this support will continue although, at the date of approval
of these financial statements, they have no reason to believe that it will not do so.

Consequently, the Directors are confident that the Company will have sufficient funds to continue to meet its liabilities as they fall due for at least 12
months from the date of approval of the financial statements and therefore have prepared the financial statements on a going concern basis.

13 Foreign currency

‘Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the Company's functional currencies at the foreign exchange rate ruling at the date of the
transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the balance sheet date are retranslated to the functional currency at the
foreign exchange rate ruling at that date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are
translated using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are stated at
fair value are retranslated to the functional currency at foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates the fair value was determined, Foreign exchange
differences arising on translation are recognised in the profit and loss.

14 Financial instruments

‘The Company uses financial instruments comprising intercompany receivables and payables arising from financing activities across the wider Alpha
Group. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to fund the Group’s business strategy and working capital requirements

Accounting policies in respect of financial instruments are outlined below.

Page 9


===== page 12 =====
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Notes (continued)
1 Accounting policies (Continued)

Financial assets

Financial assets are initially measured at fair value plus or minus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction
costs. The Company has not reclassified any financial assets subsequent to initial recognition as at the balance sheet date, Reclassification of classes of
financial assets is accounted for prospectively in accordance with IFRS 9, where this is required. Any difference on reclassification from amortised cost
to fair value through profit or loss is recognised in the profit and loss at the rectassification date.

Financial assets are assessed at each reporting date to determine a lifetime expected credit loss that reflects the credit risk associated with the portfolio
of assets. A financial asset is impaired in line with the simplified approach under IFRS 9 which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance.

‘An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured at amortised cost is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the
present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the asset's original effective interest rate, For financial instruments measured at cost less
impairment, impairment is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the best estimate of the amount that the Company would
receive for the asset if it were to be sold at the reporting date. Interest on the impairment asset continues to be recognised through the unwinding of the
discount. Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. When a subsequent event causes the amount of the impairment to decrease, the decrease in
impairment loss is reversed through statement of comprehensive income.

Amounts owed by Group undertakings

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less provision for impairment.
‘A provision for impairment of intercompany receivables is established using an expected credit loss model. The Group classifies all intercompany
receivables that form a part of the normal trading cycle of the Group as current, as well as non-trading balances where the counterparty has sufficient
resources to settle the balance within a twelve month period from the balance sheet date, All other amounts owed by Group undertakings are considered
as non-current assets. This represents a change in accounting policy in the year. All balances were considered current in the comparative period,

Other debtors

Other debtors are recognised initially at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition they are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
method.

Financial liabilities

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities designated upon initial
recognition as at fair value through profit or loss. Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are acquired for the purpose of selling in
the near term, This category includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Company that are not designated as hedging instruments in
hedge relationships as defined by IFRS 9. As at 31 March 2021, the Company had no such financial liabilities.

Other financial liabilities held by the Group are recognised at amortised cost.

Amounts owed to Group undertakings
Amounts owed to Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost.
Investments in subsidiaries

Investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost less any provision for impairment, The Company monitor for indicators of impairment at each reporting
period, and a full impairment assessment is performed on an annual basis.

The Directors have deemed that no impairment was required in both the current and prior years.

LS Impairment (non-financial assets)

The carrying amounts of the entity’s non-financial assets, other than deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether there
is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the assets’ recoverable amount is estimated. The recoverable amount of an asset or
cash-generating unit ("CGU") is the greater of its value in use and its fair value, less costs to sell. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash
flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the
risks specific to the asset.

For the purposes of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates
independent cash inflows (the “cash-generating unit”); that is, cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of
other assets or groups of assets.

An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable amount. Impairment losses are
recognised in profit or loss. Impairment losses are allocated between the carrying amounts of assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro-rata basis as
a reduction in the value of the asset.

An impairment loss is reversed if and only if the reasons for the impairment have ceased to apply.

Impairment losses recognised in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indication that the loss has decreased or no longer exists. An
impairment loss is only reversed to the extent that the asset's carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined,
net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

1.6 Provisions

A provision is recognised in the balance sheet when the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, that can be
reliably measured and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation, Provisions are determined by
discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects risks specific to the liability.

7 Taxation

Tax on the profit or loss for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the profit and loss account except to the extent that it
relates to items recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive income, in which case it is recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive
income,

Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the
balance sheet date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

Page 10


===== page 13 =====
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Notes (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)
17 Taxation (continued)

Deferred tax is provided using the balance sheet liability method, providing for temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. The amount of deferred tax provided is based on the expected
manner of realisation or settlement of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet
date,

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient
taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally
enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities, and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority
and the Company intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

18 Dividends
Dividend income
Dividend income is recognised in the profit and loss account on the date the entity's right to receive the dividend is established.

Dividend expense
Dividend expenses are recognised in the statement of changes in equity on the date the entity’s right to pay the dividend is established.

19 New accounting standards and interpretations
The following changes in accounting policies were applied by the Company in these financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2021. These
included the adoption of new standards and interpretations described below.

The International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) have issued the following standards and
interpretations which are now effective:

‘+ IFRS 9 Financial Instruments with IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts (Amendments to IFRS 4);
‘+ Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards;
‘+ Definition of a Business (Amendments to IFRS 3);
* Definition of material (Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8); and
+ Interest Rate Benchmark Reform (Amendments to IFRS 9, LAS 39 and IFRS 7).
The following amendments to existing standards have been issued and became effective in the year as a response to the COVID-19 pandemic:

+ Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions (Amendment to IFRS 16), effective from 1 June 2020 and endorsed by the UK on 9 October 2020.

The Directors reviewed the nature and effect of these new standards on the Company and noted no material impact on the financial statements for the
year ended 31 March 2021

‘The Directors have considered new standards and interpretations that have been issued but not yet been effective, however have applied the exemption
not to disclose this information under FRS 101

2 Auditor's remuneration
Auditor's remuneration:
FY21 FY 20
£000 £000
Audit of these financial statements 2 2

Amounts receivable by the Company's auditor and its associates in respect of services to the Company and its associates, other than the audit of the
‘Company’s financial statements, have not been disclosed as the information is required instead to be disclosed on a consolidated basis in the
consolidated financial statements of the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc.

3 ‘Staff numbers and costs
‘The Company had no employees during the current or prior periods.

4 Directors' remuneration

‘The Directors of the Company are paid out of other entities within the Group. The Directors believe that the value of their services in respect of the
Company, in both the current and prior periods, were negligible and therefore, have not been disclosed

5 Income from shares in Group undertakings
FY21 FY 20
£000 £000
Dividend income 6,000 7,187

Page 11


===== page 14 =====
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited +,
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Notes (continued)

6 Taxation

Recoghised in the profit and loss account,
FY21 FY 20
£000 £000 £000 £000
Current tax
Current tax on income for the period : -
Adjustments in respect of prior periods - -
Total current tax - -
Deferred tax
Adjustments in respect of prior periods - -
Reconciliation of effective tax rate
FY21 FY 20
£000 £000
Profit for the year 6,000 7,187
Total tax expense : :
Profit excluding taxation 6,000 7,187
‘Tax using the UK corporation tax rate of 19% (FY 20: 19%) 1,140 1,366
Non-taxable income (1,140) (1,366)

Total tax expense - -

‘The UK corporation tax rate legislation announced is set to hold the corporation tax rate at 19% for the 2020/21 and 2021/22 tax years, An increase in
the UK corporation rate from 19% to 25% (effective 1 April 2023) was substantively enacted on 24 May 2021. This change will increase the Company's
future tax charge accordingly, but is expected to have an immaterial impact on the Company's future profits.

7 Fixed asset investments
Shares in
Group undertakings
£000
At31 March 2021 & 31 March 2020 22,421
Class and Class and
percentage of percentage of
Country of Registered Principal activity shares held- shares held -
Subsidiary undertakings Incorporation address 31 March 202131 March 2020
‘Alpha FMC Group Nominees Limited UK 1 Group services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Group Limited UK 1 Intermediate holding company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting '
Group Limited UK 1 Intermediate holding company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpe Fnac Marts Conuting UK | Consultancy services Loo%perdnary 100% ordinary
Alpha Technology Services Consulting UK 1 Dormant 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Data Solutions Limited UK 1 Consultaney services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting, Inc. USA 2 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘ipa Financial Markets Consulting France 3 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Luxembourg 4-~—=—=«Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ; .
Naherlends BV Netherlands §_—Consultaney services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting . .
rend ga Switzerland 6 ~—_Consultaney services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary

Page 12


===== page 15 =====
Notes (continued)

7

Fixed asset investments (Continued)

Track Two GmbH Germany
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting .
Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore
Alpha Financial Markets Consultin

Hong Kong Limited ° Hong Kong
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting .
Australia PTY Limited ‘Australia
Axxsys Limited UK
Axxsys Financial Software Consultin

Canada Limited ° Canada
Axxsys Consulting USA Ine USA
Axxsys Danmark ApS. Denmark
Obsidian Solutions Limited UK
Alpha Technology Services Consulting France
Obsidian Alpha Data Solutions LLC Serbia
Alpha FM Consulting Canada Ine. Canada

Notes:

1. 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB

2. 12 East 49th Street, New York, NY 10017, USA

3. 6 Square de L'Opera Louis Jouvet, 75009 Paris, France

4, 19/21 Route d'Arlon - bloc B, L-8009 Strassen, Luxembourg

Consultancy services

Consultancy services
Consultancy services

Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services

Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services

5. Spaces Zuidas, Barbara Strozzilaan 101, 1083 HN, Amsterdam, The Netherlands

6. Bleicherweg 10, 8002 Zurich, Switzerland
7. Mergenthalerallee 73-75, 65760 Eschborn, Germany
8, 6 Raffles Quay #16-01, Singapore 048580

9. 22/F., Neich Tower, 128 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong

10, 383-385 George Street, Sydney NSW 2000

11. New Broad Street House, 35 New Broad Street, London, EC2M INH
12, Incorp Services, Inc., One Commerce Center, 1201 Orange Street #600, Wilmington, Delaware 19899

13. Flaesketorvet 68, DK-1711 Copenhagen, V Denmark
14, Belgrade, Serbia at Bulevar kralja Aleksandra no.52

15. Suite 1700, Park Plae, 666 Burrard Street, Vancouver, BC V6C2X8, Canada

Sul

jary undertakings

Alpha FMC Group Nominees Limited

Alpha FMC Group Limited

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited

Alpha Technology Services Consulting Limited

Alpha Data Solutions Limited

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting, Inc.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting S.A.S.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting (Luxembourg) S.A.
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Netherlands B.V.
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Switzerland S.A.
Track Two GmbH

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Singapore Pte. Ltd,
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Hong Kong Limited
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Australia PTY Limited
‘Axxsys Limited

‘Axxsys Financial Software Consulting Canada Limited
‘Axxsys Consulting USA Ine

‘Axasys Danmark ApS

Obsidian Solutions Limited

Alpha Technology Services Consulting S.A.S.

Obsidian Alpha Data Solutions LLC

Alpha FM Consulting Canada Inc.

Debtors

‘Amounts owed by Group undertakings
Other debtors

Page 13

Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

100% ordinary 100% ordinary

100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary

100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary

100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary N/A

Share capital Profit/(loss) for
and reserves the period
£000 £000
2 6,000
7946 5,468
18,488 10,445
(2,530) (1,361)
1,564 908
8,862 1,545,
1,966 499.
(839) a7)
(216) (162)
(444) (99)
1,253 235
(8) 2
340 309
2,306 658
240 n
2,234 1,260
446 16

37 ©)

32 33

247 243
FY21 FY 20
£000 £000
368 365

15 15

380 380



===== page 16 =====
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limiteé
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2021

Notes (continued)
8 Debtors (continued)

‘The Directors are satisfied that all outstanding amounts from subsidiary group undertakings are recoverable. Expected credit loss in relation to amounts
‘owed by Group undertakings was immaterial in both the current and prior years.

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are interest free and are repayable on demand. The Company classifies all intercompany receivables that form a
part of the normal trading cycle of the Company as current, as well as non-trading balances where the counterparty has sufficient resources to settle the
balance within a twelve month period from the balance sheet date. All other amounts owed by Group undertakings are considered as non-current assets.
Ofa total of £65,615,000 (FY 20: £59,615,000) of amounts owed by Group undertakings, the Company recognised £65,250,000 (FY 20: £59,250,000)
within non-current assets and £365,000 (FY 20: £365,000) within current assets.

9 Creditors: amounts falling due within one year
FY21 FY 20
£000 £000
‘Amounts owed to Group undertakings 58,626 52,626
58,626 52,626

Amounts owed to Group undertakings are either interest-bearing or non interest-bearing depending on the type of the creditor relationship and local
regulatory requirements. At the balance sheet date the majority of these balances are non interest-bearing. All amounts owed to Group undertakings are
repayable on demand,

‘The Group has no intention to request the repayment of amounts owed to other Group entities within the next twelve months.

10 Capital and reserves
Share capital
FY21 FY 20
£000 £000
Allotted, catled up and fully paid
61,999,700 ordinary shares of £0.01 620 620
620 620
Shares classified in shareholders’ funds 620 620
620 620

The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the
Company.
Dividends

‘A dividend payment totalling £6,000,000 was made to the Company's sole shareholder, Alpha FMC Bidco Limited (FY 20: £7,187,000), to facilitate the
payment of the Group dividend made by the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple, to its shareholders. This dividend was
facilitated by the receipt in the year of dividends totalling £6,000,000 from the Company's directly owned subsidiary, Alpha FMC Group Limited, The
Directors have not recommended the payment of a final dividend (FY 20: £nil),

rT Related parties
Mdentity of related parties with which the Company has transacted

‘The Company has not engaged in any transactions with any related parties other than with wholly owned subsidiaries. These transactions have not been
disclosed as the Company has taken advantage of exemptions under FRS 101.

12 Ultimate parent company and parent company of larger Group

‘The Company is a subsidiary undertaking of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple, incorporated in England and Wales. The ultimate controlling
party is Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc.

Both the largest and smallest Group in which the results of the Company are consolidated is that headed by Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc,
incorporated in England and Wales. The consolidated financial statements of the Group are available to the public and may be obtained from 60
Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB, or the website investors.alphafme.com.

Page 14
