

===== page 1 =====
COMPANIES HOUSE


===== page 2 =====
Contents

Company Information
Strategic report

Directors’ report .
Statement of Directors’ responsit

ies in respect of the Directors' report and the financial statements
Independent auditor's report to the members of Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited

Profit and loss account

Balance sheet

Statement of changes in equity

Notes

ZF Se wmauane


===== page 3 =====
Company Information

Directors

‘Company number

Registered office

Auditor

ENB Fraser
JC Paton
GA Cook (Appointed 30 June 2022)

08555831

60 Gresham Street,
London,
EC2V 7BB

KPMG LLP
‘St Nicholas House,
31 Patk Row,
Nottingham,

NGI 6FQ

Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Page 1


===== page 4 =====
‘Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Strategic report

Business review

‘The Company functions as an intermediate holding entity within the wider Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple group (the 'Group"’). At31 March
2022 (FY 22%) the Company holds net assets of £29,425,000 (FY 21: £29,425,000). The Company has transferred a profit of £12,500,000 (FY 2
£6,000,000) to retained earnings as a result of intercompany dividend income received from the Company's subsidiary Alpba FMC Group Limited.

Key performance indicators

Working capital management and the sufficiency of assets held across the Group is the primary indicator which is reviewed on a weekly basis to
monitor cashflow, liquidity and the recovery of trade receivables.

Each month the Directors review the management accounts for each trading Group undertaking and compare actual performance against budget.
Costs, utilisation and fee rates are also reviewed to monitor profitability.

Principal risks and uncertainties

‘The performance of the Company's subsidiaries is subject to only limited risk in the short and medium term as the future pipeline of work is good.
‘The Company's subsidiaries continue to generate substantial cash after retaining a proportion of profits to fund increased working capital requirements
resulting from growth. Management is mindful of the challenging macro-economic environment, including inflation and the war in Ukraine, and
continues to operate conservative cash management policies. The Directors are pleased with performance for the year.

Future developments

‘The Company is expected to continue to operate as an intermediate holding company for the Group. No other future developments are forescen by
the Directors at the balance sheet date.

Section 172 statement
‘Under Section 172(1) of the Companies Act 2006, a director of a company must act in the way he or she considers, in good faith, would be most likely to
promote the success of the Company for the benefit of its members as a whole, and in doing so have regard (amongst other matters) to:
* The likely consequence of any decision in the long term;
* The interests of the Company’s employees;
+ The need to foster the Company’s business relationships with suppliers, customers and others;
+ The impact of the Company's operations on the community and the environment;
+ ‘The desirability of the Company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct; and
* The need to act fairly as between members of the Company.
‘The following disclosure describes how the Directors have had regard to the matters set out in Section 172(1)(e) to (f) and forms the Directors’ statement under

section 414CZA of the Companies Act 2006. The Company is a holding company and does not have any employees or clients itself, therefore the disclosure
below relates to the Company and its subsidiaries (as listed in note 7 to the financial statements).

‘The Directors remain committed to engaging with all stakeholders and considering their interests when making any strategic decisions.

Engagement with key stakeholders

‘The Board considers its key stakeholders to be its employees, its shareholders, its clients and the communities in which the Company and its subsidiaries
‘operates. The Board also recognises other stakeholder groups including vendors and suppliers, industry bodies and competitors with whom Alpha works or
‘associates in the marketplace, The Board understands that engaging with these stakeholders strengthens Alpha’s business relationships and facilitates its
decision making at an executive level, which is very important for itss long-term success.

Employees

Attracting, retaining and developing the very best people inthe industry is integral to the Alpha's culture and ongoing success. Alpha is committed to providing
a highly rewarding place to work, and to maintaining a unique and inclusive culture that places people at the heart of the business. To achieve this, there is a
strong emphasis on interaction, open communication and the exchange of proactive insights from the employee base. Employee feedback has always been @
significant component of that picture. An inclusive environment for all employees is encouraged through the prevalence of the Diversity & Inclusion
programme, and employees are incentivised to engage further with the wider objectives of the business through a generous profit share scheme, and a share
incentive plan available to senior management,

Clients

Allpha’s successful business mode! is built upon keeping clients’ necds at the core of its proposition, which includes its geographic network, the services it offers
and the types of projects that it delivers, Central to the growth strategy is continuous investment in people, locations and knowledge to help all clients address
their challenges and best capitalise on opportunitics. Alpha works hard at developing and sustaining long-term client relationships.

* Group refers to the Company's ubimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ple and its subsidiaries.
2 FY 229 the ‘year covering the 12 to31 March 2022. By FY21 isthe previous financial year covering the 12 to31 March 2021.
Page 2



===== page 5 =====
‘Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Strategic report (continued)
Engagement with key stakeholders (continued)

Communities

Alpha is committed to building positive relationships with the communities and environment in which it operates. This includes supporting communities and.
organisations local and relevant to its operations. It extends to considering how to maximise the benefits and minimise the downsides of its environmental and
social impacts.

Please refer to pp 32-34 of the Annual Report & Accounts 2022 of the ultimate parent company, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, for further details
‘onthe above key stakcholders of the Company, and the Company's approach to engaycureut with each class of stakeholder.
Key Director decisions during the year

‘The Directors consider the following to be key decisions and considerations they have made in the year to 31 March 2022.
For further information please refer to p.35 of the Annual Report & Accounts 2022 of the Company/s ultimate parent (Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc).

Considerations

lssued the FY 21 Annual Report and financial statements to [To ensure compliance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006
shareholders. land the relevant accounting framework.

Ihe agreed the FY 22 interim dividend payable to the Company's , [re facilitate the payment of Group dividends to the shareholders “|

\Alpha FMC Bidoo Limited. (Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple.

of
cle

John C Paton
Director

12 October 2022

Page 3


===== page 6 =====
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited

Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Directors’ report

‘The Directors present their report and the audited financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022 (FY 22).

Principal activities

The principal activity of the Company is that of a holding company.

Results and dividend

‘The results for the year are set out in the attached profit and loss account,
AA dividend payment totalling £12,500,000 was made to the Company's sole shareholder, Alpha FMC Bidco Limited (FY 21: £6,000,000), to facilitate the
payment of the Group dividend made by the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple, to its shareholders. This dividend was
facilitated by the receipt in the year of a dividend totalling £12,500,000 from the Company's directly owned subsidiary, Alpha FMC Group Limited. The
Directors have not recommended the payment of a final dividend (FY 21: Ni

Directors

‘The Directors who held office during the year were as follows:

ENB Fraser
JC Paton
GA Cook (Appointed 30 June 2022)

Political contributions
‘The Company made no political donations or incurred any political expenditure during the year.

Employee involvement
Details of how the Company and its subsidiaries engage with employees are set out in the Section 172 statement the Strategic Report on p. 2.

Itis the Alpha's policy to give full and fair consideration to all applications for employment including from disabled people, having regard to their abilities
and optitudes, Full consideration is given to continuing the employment of staff who become disabled, including considering them for other reasonable
positions and arranging appropriate training where required. Alpha aims to provide an inclusive environment for all employees, regardless of sex, marital
status, race, nationality, age, sexual orientation or religion.

Engagement with suppliers and customers

‘The Directors note the importance of fostering strong relationships with customers and suppliers through open communication and having regard for these
relationships in strategic decisions made relating to the Company and its subsidiaries.

Environmental reporting

In accordance with the Companies Act 2006 and HM Government's ‘Environmental Reporting Guidelines’, the Company has not re-disclosed those
disclosures required by the Company's environmental reporting responsibilities (including Streamlined Energy and Carbon reporting) on the basis that this
information is available on our website in the Group's Annual Report & Accounts 2022 on pp.76-80.

Disclosure of information to auditor

The Directors who held office at the date of approval of this Directors’ report confirm that, so far as they are each aware, there is no relevant audit information
of which the Company's auditor is unaware; and each Director has taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as a Director to make themselves aware of
‘any relevant audit information and to establish that the Company's auditor is aware of that information.

Auditor

Pursuant to Section 487 of the Companies Act 2006, the auditor will be deemed to be reappointed and KPMG LLP will therefore continuc in office.
By order of the Board.

c(t

John C Paton
Director

60 Gresham Street
London EC2V 7BB

12 October 2022

Page 4


===== page 7 =====
‘Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the strategic report and the Directors’ report
and the financial statements

‘The Directors are responsible for preparing the strategic report and the Directors" report and the financial statements in accordance with applicable law
iid regulations.

‘Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law they have elected to prepare the financial
statements in accordance with UK accounting standards and applicable law (UK Generally Accepted Accounting Practice), including FRS 101
Reduced Disclosure Framework.

Under Company law the Directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of
affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for that period. In preparing these financial statements, the Directors are required to:

«select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;
+ make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

«state whether applicable UK accounting standards have been followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in the
financial statements;

assess the Company's ability to continue as a going concem, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concer; and

use the going concer basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.

‘The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the Company's transactions and disclose
with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the
‘Companies Act 2006. They are responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements
that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have general responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to
them to safeguard the assets of the Company and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.

Page S


===== page 8 =====
Aipha FMC Group Holdings Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022
Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited

We have audited the financial statements of Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited (“the Company”) for the year ended 31 March 2022 which comprise the balance
sheet, profit and loss account, statement of changes in equity and related notes, including the accounting policies in note 1.

In our opinion the financial statements:

*  givea true and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs as at 31 March 2022 and of its profit for the year then ended;

‘+ have been properly prepared in accordance with UK accounting standards, including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework; and
‘+ have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.
Basis for opinion -

‘We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)") and applicable law. Our responsibilities are described below.
We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and are independent of the Company in accordance with, UK ethical requirements including the FRC Ethical
Standard, We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis for our opinion.

Going concern

‘The directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concem basis as they do not intend to liquidate the Company or to cease its operations, and as they
have concluded that the Company's financial position means that this is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no material uncertainties that could have
cast significant doubt over its ability to continue as a going concem for at least a year from the date of approval of the financial statements (“the going concen
period”

In our evaluation of the directors’ conclusions, we considered the inherent risks to the Company's business model and analysed how those risks might affect the
Company's financial resources or ability to continue operations over the going concem period.

Our conclusions based on this work:
‘© we consider that the directors” use of the going concem basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is appropriate;

© we have not identified, and concur with the directors’ assessment that there is not, a material uncertainty related to events or conditions that, individually or
collectively, may cast significant doubt on the Company's ability to continue as a going concern for the going concem period.

However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in outcomes that are inconsistent
reasonable at the time they were made, the above conclusions are not a guarantee that the Company will continue in operation.

Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations — ability to detect
Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to fraud

ith judgements that were

To identify risks of material misstatement due to fraud (“fraud risks”) we assessed events or conditions that could indicate an incentive or pressure to commit fraud
or provide an opportunity to commit fraud. Our risk assessment procedures included:

‘© Enquiring of directors as to the Company's high-level policies and procedures to prevent and detect fraud, as well as whether they have knowledge of
any actual, suspected or alleged fraud,

© Reading Board minutes.
Considering remuneration incentive schemes and performance targets for management and Directors.
‘© Using analytical procedures to identify any unusual or unexpected relationships.
‘We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit team and remained alert to any indications of fraud throughout the audit.
As required by auditing standards, we perform procedures to address the risk of management override of controls, in particular the risk that management may be in

‘position to make inappropriate accounting entries. On this audit we do not believe there is a fraud risk related to revenue recognition because there are no revenue
transactions, We did not identify any additional fraud risks.

We performed procedures including:

‘© Identifying journal entries to test based on risk criteria and comparing the identified entries to supporting documentation. These included unusual pairings with
a credit or debit to an account below EBITDA and unusual journels with a credit or debit entry to cash;

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to non-compliance with laws and regulations

‘We identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the financial statements from our general commercial and
sector experience, and through discussion with the directors and other management (as required by auditing standards), and discussed with the directors and other
management the policies and procedures regarding compliance with laws and regulations.

‘We communicated identified laws and regulations throughout our team and remained alert to any indications of non-compliance throughout the audit.
‘The potential effect of these laws and regulations on the financial statements varies considerably.

Finttly, the Company is subject to laws and regulations that directly affect the financial statements including financial reporting legislation (including related
companies legislation), distributable profits legislation and taxation legislation, and we assessed the extent of compliance with these laws and regulations as part of
‘our procedures on the related financial statement items.

Secondly, the Company is subject to many other laws and regulations where the consequences of non-compliance could have a material effect on amounts or
disclosures in the financial statements, for instance through the imposition of fines or litigation, We identified the following areas as those most likely to have such
‘an effect: anti-bribery and employment law recognising the financial nature of the Company's activities. Auditing standards limit the required audit procedures to
identify non-compliance with these laws and regulations to enquiry of the directors and other management and inspection of regulatory and legal correspondence, if
any. Therefore if a breach of operational regulations is not disclosed to us or evident from relevant correspondence, an audit will not detect that breach.

Context of the ability of the audit to detect fraud or breaches of law or regulation

‘Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an unavoidable risk that we may not have detected some material misstatements in the financial statements,
even though we have properly planned and performed our audit in accordance with auditing standards. For example, the further removed non-compliance with laws
and regulations is from the events and transactions reflected inthe financial statements, the less likely the inherently limited procedures required by auditing standards
would identify it.

Page 6


===== page 9 =====
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022
Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited (continued)

In addition, as with any audit, there remained a higher risk of non-detection of fraud, as these may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations,
or the override of internal controls. Our audit procedures are designed to detect material misstatement, We are not responsible for preventing non-compliance or fraud
‘and cannot be expected to detect non-compliance with all laws and regulations

Strategic report and directors’ report

‘The directors are responsible for the strategic report and the directors’ report. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover those reports and we do not
‘express an audit opinion thereon,

‘Unr responsibility is io read the strategic report and the directors’ report and, in doing so, consider whether, based on our financial statements audit work, the
information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with the financial statements or our audit knowledge. Based solely on that work:

. ‘we have not identified material misstatements in the strategic report and the directors’ report;
. in our opinion the information given in those reports for the financial year is consistent with the financial statements; and
. in our opinion those reports have been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception
Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:

. adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received from branches not visited by us; or
. the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or

. certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or

. ‘we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit

We have nothing to report in these respects.

Directors’ responsibilities

‘As explained more fully in their statement set out on page 5, the directors are responsible for: the preparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied that
they give a true and fair view; such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material
‘misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; assessing the Company's ability to continue as a going concem, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
concer; and using the going concer basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic altemative
but to do so,

Auditor’s responsibilities

‘Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
error, and to issue our opinion in an auditor's report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but does not guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or
in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial statements.

A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC’s website at www. frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities.

‘The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities

This report is made solely to the Company's members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been
undertaken so that we might state to the Company's members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no other purpose, To the
fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the Company's members, as a body, for our audit
work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Ak

Craig Parkin (Senior Statutory Auditor)
for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
‘Chartered Accountants

St Nicholas House,

‘31 Park Row
Nottingham NG1 6FQ

13 October 2022

Poge7



===== page 10 =====
‘Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
Profit & loss account
Sor the year ended 31 March 2022
Year ended Year ended
31 March 31 March
Note 2022 2021
£000 £000
Adainistrative expenses - -
Operating profit - -
Interest payable and similar expenses - -
Income from shares in Group undertakings 5 12,500 6,000
Profit before taxation 12,500 6,000
Taxation 6 : -
Profit for the financial year 12,500 6,000

In both the current and preceding year, the Company made no material acquisitions and had no discontinued operations.

‘There were no recognised gains or losses in either the current or preceding year other than those disclosed in the profit and loss account, and therefore no separate
‘statement of other comprehensive income has been presented.

‘The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.

Page 8


===== page 11 =====
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
Balance sheet
As at 31 March 2022
As at Asat
Note 31 March 2022 31 March 2021
£000 £000 £000 £000
Non-current assets
Investments 7 22,421 2421
Amounts owed by Group undertakings 8 77,750 65,250
100,171 87,671
Current assets
Debtors 8 380 380
380 380
Current liabilities
Creditors: amounts falling due within one year 9 (71,126) (58,626)
(71,126) (58,626)
Net current liabilities (10,746) (58,246)
Net assets 29,425 29,425
Capital and reserves
Called up share capital 10 620 620
‘Share premium 389 389
Capital contributions reserve 28,416 28416
Profit and loss account : 7
Shareholders’ funds 29,425 29.425

‘The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements. These financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of
Directors on 12 October 2022. They were signed on its behalf by:

cfu

John C Paton
Director

‘Company registered number: 08555831

Page 9


===== page 12 =====
Statement of changes in equity

As at 1 April 2020

Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit for the period.

Transactions with owners, recorded directly in equity
Dividends
As at 31 March 2021

‘Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit for the period

Transactions with owners

Dividends

As at 31 March 2022

‘The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.

‘Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
‘Called up Capital Total
share Share contributions -—«Profitand =— shareholders’
capital = premium reserve loss account funds
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000
620 389 28,416 : 29,425

: - : 6,000 6,000

- - - (6,000) (6,000)

620 389 28,416 : 29,425

- - - 12,500 12,500

- - - (12,500) (12,500)

620 389 28,416 - 29,425

Page 10


===== page 13 =====
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
‘Annual report and financial statementa
31 March 2022

Notes
(Forming part of the financial statements)

1 Accounting policies

Alpha MC Group Holdings limited (the "Company") is a Company limited by shares, domiciled and registered in the UK. The registered number is 08555831
and the registered address is 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB.

‘These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework ("FRS 101").

‘The Company is exempt by virtue of Section 400 of the Companies Act 2006 from the requirement to prepare Group financial statements. These financial
statements present information about the Company as an individual and not about its Group.

In preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement and disclosure requirements of International Financial Reporting
‘Standards ("Adopted IFRSs"), but makes amendments where necessary in order to comply with Companies Act 2006 and has set out below where advantage
of the FRS 101 disclosure exemptions has been taken.

‘The Company's parent undertaking, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, includes the Company in its consolidated financial statements. The consolidated

financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple are available to the public and may be obtained from 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V
‘TBB, or the website investors.alphafme.com.

In these financial statements, the Company has applied the exemptions available under FRS 101 in respect of the following disclosures:
+ A cash flow statement and related notes;
+ comparative period reconciliations for share capita, tangible fixed assets, intangible assets and investment properties;
+ disclosures in respect of transactions with wholly owned subsidiaries;
* disclosures in respect of capital management;
+ the effects of new but not yet effective IFRSs;
* disclosures in respect of the compensation of Key Management Personnel; and
+ disclosures of transactions with a management entity that provides key management personnel services to the Company.
‘As the consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple include the equivalent disclosures, the Company has also taken the
‘exemptions under FRS 101 available in respect of the following disclosures:
+ IFRS 2 Share Based Payments in respect of group settled share-based payments; and
+ Certain disclosures required by IFRS 16 Leases in relation to disclosure of the Company's leasing activities.
+ Certain disclosures required by IFRS 3 Business Combinations in respect of business combination ¢ undertaken by the Company.
‘The accounting policies set out below have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods presented in these financial statements.

‘Thore aro no judgements made by the Directors, in the application of these accounting policies that have significant effect on the financial statements and
estimates with a significant risk of material adjustment in the next year.

MM Basls of preparation

‘These financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost basis, except for certain financial instruments that are measured at fair value, The
presentational currency of these financial statements and the functional currency of the Company is pounds sterling. All amounts in these financial
statements have been rounded to the nearest £1,000.

42 Going concern

In assessing the Company’s ability to continue on a going concem basis for a period of at least 12 months from the approval of these financial statements (the
“going concem period”), the Directors considered the Company’s projected cash flows, access to intercompany funding from other Group entities, cash liquidity
and existing undrawn borrowing facilities.

Notwithstanding net current liabilities of £70,746,000 as at 31 March 2022, the financial statements of this holding company have been prepared on o going
concer basis, The Directors consider this to be appropriate on the basis of cash flow forecasts prepared for the wider Group, which support the ability of the
Company to operate as a going concem, The Group prepared cash flow forecasts covering the going concem period. The Directors of the Group considered
the principal risks and mitigants and analysed a range of cash flow downside scenarios including a “reverse-stress test” scenario. This models the decline in
sales that the Group would be able to absorb over the going concem period before utilising all of the existing cash reserves available, The Directors consider
this scenario and the sequence of events that could fead to it to be remote, as it requires annualised revenue reductions af close to 40% compared to the base
case, before modelling any mitigating actions, including cost reductions. Refer to p 136 of the Group’s ‘Annual Report & Accounts 2022" for further detail
of these forecasts,

‘The ability of the Company to settle its liabilities as they fall due within the going concem period is dependent on the Company's ultimate parent company,
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple not secking repayment of the amounts currently due to other companies controlled by the Group, which at 31 March
2022 amounted to £71,126,000. The Company also has access to additional funding through other Group entities, via the Group's revolving credit facility
‘and the strength of the Group's cash position at 31 March 2022. The Group’s RCF remains fully undrawn in the going concer scenarios. As with any
company placing reliance on other group entities for financial support, the Directors acknowledge that there can be no certainty that this support will-continue:

“ilitiough, at the date of approval of these financial statements, they have no reason to believe that it will not do so.

‘After careful consideration, the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company's existing resources, supplemented by the support of the wider
Group, are adequate to meet its requirements over the going concem period. On this basis, the Directors consider that it is appropriate to adopt the going
‘concer basis in preparing the financial statements.

13 Forelgn currency

‘Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the Company’s functional currencies at the foreign exchange rate ruling at the date of the
transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the balance sheet date are retranslated to the functional currency at
the foreign exchange rat ¢ ruling at thet date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in.a foreign currency
are translated using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are
stated at fair value are retranslated to the functional currency at foreign exchange rat es ruling at the dates the fair value was determined. Foreign
exchange differences arising on translation are recognised in the profit and loss. . 7

Page 11



===== page 14 =====
‘Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
Notes (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

14 Financial instruments

‘The Company uses financial instruments comprising intercompany receivables and payables arising from financing activities across the wider
Alpha Group. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to fund the Group's business strategy and working capital requirements.

‘Accounting policies in respect of financial instruments are outlined below.

Financial assets

Financial assets are initially measured at fair value plus or minus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction
costs. The Company has not reclassified any financial assets subscquent to initial recognition as at the balance sheet date. Reclassification of classes

of financial assets is accounted for prospectively in accordance with IFRS 9, where this is required. Any difference on reclassification from amortised
cost to fair value through profit or loss is recognised in the profit and loss at the reclassification date.

Financial assets are assessed at each reporting date to determine a lifetime expected credit loss that reflects the credit risk associated with the
portfolio of assets. A financial asset is impaired in line with the simplified approach under IFRS 9 which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance.

‘An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured at amortised cost is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and
the present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the asset 's original effective interest rate. For financial instruments measured

‘at cost less impairment, impairment is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the best estimate of the amount that the Company would
receive for the asset if it were to be sold at the reporting date. Interest on the impairment asset continues to be recognised through the unwinding of the
discount, Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. When a subsequent event causes the amount of the impairment to decrease, the decrease

in impairment loss is reversed through statemeat of comprehensive income.

Amounts owed by Group undertakings

Amounts owed by Group undertakings arc recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less provision for impairment.
A provision for impairment of intercompany receivables is established using an expected credit loss model. The Group classifies all intercompany
receivables that form a part of the normal trading cycle of the Group as current, as well as non-trading balances where the counterparty has sufficient
resources to settle the balance within a twelve month period from the balance sheet date. All other amounts owed by Group undertakings are considered
‘43 non-current assets. This represents a change in accounting policy in the year. All balances were considered current in the comparative period.

Other debtors

Other debtors are recognised initially at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition they are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
method.

Financial labllities

Financial liabilitios at fair valuc through profit or loss include financial liabilities hld for trading and financial liabilities designated upon initial
recognition as at fair value through profit or loss. Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are acquired for the purpose of selling

in tho near term. This category includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Company that are not designated as hedging instruments

in hedge relationships as defined by IFRS 9. As at 31 March 2022, the Company had no such financial liabilities. Other financial liabilities held by

the Group are recognised at amortised cost.

Amounts owed to Group undertakings

Amounts owed to Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost,

Investments in subsidiaries

Investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost less any provision for impairment. The Company monitor for indicators of impairment at each reporting period,
‘and a full impairment assessment is performed on an annual basis. The Directors have deemed that no impairment was required in both the current and
prior years.

LS Impairment (non-financial assets)

‘The carrying amounts of the entity's non-financial assets, other than deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether there
is any indi ication exists, then the assets' recoverable amount is estimated. The recoverable amount of an asset or
cash-gencrating unit ("CGU") is the greater of its valuc in use and its fair value, less costs to sell. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash
flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the
risks epecific to the asset.

For the purposes of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that
generates independent cash inflows (the "cash-generating unit"); that is, cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the
cash inflows of other assets or groups of assets.

An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable amount. Impairment losses are
recognised in profit or loss. Impairment losses are allocated between the carrying amounts of assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro-rata basis
1 a reduction in the value of the asset. An impairment loss is reversed if and only if the reasons for the impairment have ceased to apply.

Impairment losses recognised in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indication that the loss has decreased or no longer exists.
An impairment toss is only reversed to the extent that the asset's carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been
determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss bad been recognised.

16 Provisions

Provisions are distinct from other liabilities as there is uncertainty over the timing or amount of the cash outflow required to settle the liability.
Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditure expected to be required to settle the obligation. These are discounted to present value
using an appropriate pre-tax discount rate, where the time value of money is material.

Page 12


===== page 15 =====
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Notes (continued)
1 Accounting policles (continued)
47 Taxation

‘Tex on the profit or loss for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the profit and loss account except to the extent that it relates
‘oitems recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive income, in which case itis recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive income.
‘Current tax is the expected tax paynhle or meoeivable on the taxable incomo: ‘oF toss for the year, using tax iwiew euucied or | ‘substantively enacted at the balance ~
sheet date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

Deferred tax is provided using the balance sheet lability method, providing for temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. The amount of deferred tax provided is based on the expected manner of
realisation or settlement of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities, using tax rat es enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that itis no longer probable that sufficient
taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to he recovered, Deferred tax assets and ies are offset when there is a legally
enforceable right to set off curent tx assels against current tax liabilities, and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and

the Company intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis,

1.8 Dividends
Dividend income
Dividend income is recognised in the profit and loss account on the date the entity's right to receive the dividend is

lished.
Dividend expense

Dividend expenses are recognised in the statement of changes in equity on the date the entity's right to pay the dividend is established.
19 ‘New accounting standards and interpretations

The following changes in accounting policies were applied by the Company in these financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022. These included the
adoption of new standards and interpretations described below.

‘The International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) have issued the following standards, amendments and
interpretations which are now effective:

¢ Interest Rate Benchmark Reform - Phase 2 - (Amendments to IFRS 9, 1AS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16), effective from 1 January 2021;
*  COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021 (Amendment to IFRS 16), effective from 1 January 2021;

The Directors reviewed the nature and effect ofthese new standards on the Company and noted no material impact on the financial statements for the year ended
31 Mareh 2022.

Tae Diteetors have considered new standards and interpretations that have been issued but not yet been effective, however have applicd the exemption not to
disclose this information under FRS 101.

2 Auditors’ remuneration
FY22 FY21
£000 £000
‘Audit of these financial statements 2 2

Amounts reccivable by the Company's auditor and its associates in respect of services to the Company and ity associates, other than the aut ofthe Company's
financial statements, have not been disclosed as the information is required instead to be disclosed on a consolidated basis in the consolidated financial statements of
‘the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc,

3 Staff numbers and costs
‘The Company had no employees during the current or prior periods.

4 Directors’ remuneration

‘Tho Directors of the Company are paid out of other entities within the Group. The Directors belicve thatthe value oftheir services in respect ofthe Company, in
both the current end prior periods, were negligible and therefore, have not been disclosed.

s Income from shares in Group undertakings
FY22 FY 21

£000 £000

Dividend income 12,500 i 6,000

Poge 13


===== page 16 =====
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
Notes (continued)
6 Taxation
Recognised in the profit and loss account
FY22 FY 21
£000 £000 £000 £000
Current tax
Current tax on income for the period - -
Adjustments in respect of prior periods - -
Total current tax - -
Deferred tax
Adjustments in respect of prior periods : :
Reconciliation of effective tax rate
Fy22 Fy2
£000 £000
Profit for the year 12,500 6,000
Total tax expense - -
Profit exchiding taxation 12,500 6,000
Tax using the UK corporation tax rate of 19% (FY 21: 19%) 2,378 1,140
Nontaxable income 2,375) (1,140)

Total tax expense - -

‘An increase in the UK corporation tax rate from 19% to 25% (effective 1 April 2023) was substantively enacted on 24 May 2021. An initial assessment is
that this change will have an immaterial impact on the Company's future current tax charge.

‘On 23 September 2022, the UK Government announced revised plans to hold the rate of UK corporation tax at 19%, cancelling the previous plans to increase
the rate to 25% from 1 April 2023. This revised plan has not yet been substantively enacted and has no impact on the current or deferred tax charge in the
year ended 31 March 2022,

7 Fixed asset investments
Shares in
Group undertakings
£000
‘At31 March 2022 & 31 March 2021 22,421
‘Class and ‘Class and
percentage of percentage of
Country of Registered Principal activity shares held- shares held -
Subsidiary undertakings Incorporation address 31 March 202231 March 2021
Alpha FMC Group Nominees Limited UK 1 Group services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Alpha FMC Group Limited UK 1 Intermediate holding company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting . .
Crap Lined UK 1 Intermediate holding company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Apter imancial Markets Consuking UK yx 1 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Technology Services Consuting UK 1 Dormant 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Aipha Data Soltons Liited! UK 1 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consuling, Inc. USA 2 Consuttaney services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
rl | France 3 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consubing .
Cumenbong) SA Luxembourg «4-—=—=—Consultaney services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ; :
Hireiiraets Netherlands -5-——-Consultancy services, 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consubing ; ; . .
pasar Swiverland 6 -—-Consuhancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary

1 Alps Da Solsons Limited caeigal to Alvi Liao 31 Mach 2022

Poge 14


===== page 17 =====
Notes (continued)

7

‘The Directors are satisfied that all outstanding amounts from subsidiary group undertakin

Fixed asset investments (continued)

‘Track Two Gab Germany
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ;
Singapore Pte, Lid. Siogapere
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting

Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong
Alpha Financial Markets Consuing q
‘Australia PTY Limited Australis
‘Acosys Limited UK
‘Acosys Financial Software Consuking

Canada Limited Canada
‘Avcssys Consulting USA Inc USA
‘Acassys Danmark ApS Denmark
Obsidian Solutions Limited UK
‘ph Testa Series COMUNE Fang
Obsidian Alpha Data Solutions LLC Serbia
Alpha FM Consulting Canada Inc. Canada
Alpha Financial Markets Consuting 7
(Gnsurance) France S.A.S. vance
Lionpoint Holdings, Inc. USA
Lionpoint Group, LLC USA
LLionpoint Group (UK) Limited UK
LLionpoint Group SA Switerland
Lionpoint Group Pty Limited ‘Austraia
Lionpoint GmbH Germany
Notes:

1. 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB

2. 12 East 49th Street, New York, NY 10017, USA.

3. 6 Square de L'Opera Louis Jouvet, 75009 Paris, France

4, 19721 Route d'Arion - bloc B, L-8009 Strassen, Luxembourg,
5. Spaces Zuidas, Barbara Strozzilaan 101, 1083 HN, Amsterdam, The Netherlands

6. Bleicherweg 10, 8002 Zurich, Switzerland

7. Kurt- Blam Platz 8 63450 Hanau, Germany

8, 6 Raffles Quay #16-01, Singapore 048580

9. 20IF., Neich Tower, 128 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong
10, 383-385 George Street, Sydney NSW 2000
11, New Broad Street House, 35 New Broad Street, London, EC2M INH

12, Incorp Services, Inc., One Commerce Centér, 1201 Orange Street #600, Wimington, Delaware 19899
13, Flaesketorvet 68, DK-1711 Copenhagen, V Denmark

14, Belgrade, Serbia at Bulevar krala Aleksandra no.S2
15, Suite 1700, Park Plae, 666 Burrard Street, Vancouver, BC V6C2X8, Canada

16, 251 Little Falls Drive, Witmington, DE 19808-1674, USA
17. 8 The Green, Suite A, Dover, Delaware 19901, USA

18, 5 Upper St. Martin's Lane, London, WC2H SEA,
19, Rue d'ltabc 11, 1204, Geneva, Switzerland

20. Ground Floor, 123 Walker Street, North Sydney NSW, 2060, Australia
21, cfo KUNZ Rechtsanwaie, AntoniterstraGle 14-16, Kin, 50667, Germany

Debtors

‘Amounts owed by Group undertakings
Other debtors

Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
Consutancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Consultancy services” 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Consuhancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Consukancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Consultancy services 100%6 ordinary 100% ordinary
Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Consultancy services 100% ordinary NA
Consultancy services 100% ordinary NA
Consultancy services 100% ordinary NA
Consutancy services 100% ordinary NA
Consukancy services 100% ordinary NA
Consutancy services 100% ordinary NIA
Consultancy services 100% ordinary N/A
FY 21
£000
365
15
380

‘owed by Group undertakings was immaterial in both the current and prior years,
Amounts owed by Group undertakings are interest free and are repayable on demand. The Company classifies all intercompany receivables that form a
part of the normal trading cycle of the Company as current, as well as non-trading balances where the counterparty has eufficient resources to settle the
balance within a twelve month period from the balance sheet date, All other amounts owed by Group undertakings are considered as non-current astets,
Of a total of £78,116,000 (FY 21: £65,615,000) of amounts owed by Group undertakings, the Company recognised £77,750,000 (FY 21: £65,250,000)
within non-current assets and £365,000 (FY 21: £365,000) within current assets,

Page 15

le. Expected credit loss, in.relation to. amounts.


===== page 18 =====
‘Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
Notes (continued)
9 Creditors: amounts falling due within one year
FY22 FY 21
£000 £000
Amounts owed to Group undertakings 1,126 58,626
71,126 58,626

Amounts owed to Group undertakings are either interest-bearing or non interest-bearing depending on the type of the creditor relationship and
local regulatory requirements. At the balance sheet date the majority of these balances are non interest-bearing. All amounts owed to Group
undertakings are repayable on demand. .

‘The Group has no intention to request the repayment of amounts owed to other Group entities within the next twelve months,

10 Capital and reserves
Share capital
FY22 FY 21
£000 £000
Alloted, called up and fully paid
61,999,700 ordinary shares of £0.01 620 620
620 20
‘Shares classified in shareholders’ funds 620 620
620 620

‘The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of
the Company.

Dividends

A dividend payment totalling £12,500,000 was made to the Company's sole shareholder, Alpha FMC Bidco Limited (FY 21: £6,000,000), to
facilitate the payment of the Group dividend made by the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, to its shareholders.
This dividend was facilitated by the reccipt in the year of dividends totalling £12,500,000 from the Company's directly owned subsidiary, Alpha
FMC Group Limited. The Directors have not recommended the payment of a final dividend (FY 21: £nil).

nu Related parties
Identity of related parties with which the Company has transacted

‘The Company has not engaged in any transactions with any related parti es other than with wholly owned subsidiaries. These transactions have
not been disclosed as the Company has taken advantage of exemptions under FRS 101.

2 Ultimate parent company and parent company of larger Group

‘The Company is a subsidiary undertaking of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple, incorporated in England and Wales. The ultimate
controlling party is Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple.

Both the largest and smallest Group in which the results of the Company are consolidated is that headed by Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Plc, incorporated in England and Wales. The consolidated financial statements of the Group are available to the public and may be obtained
from 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB, or the website investors.alphafinc.com.

Poge 16
