

===== page 1 =====
tCompany Number: 09027730
The Companies Acts 2006
Private Company Limited by Shares
WRITTEN RESOLUTIONS
of

White Marble Marketing Limited (“the Company”)

w
Passed on theZ day of 2018

Pursuant to Chapter 2 of Part 13 of the Companies Act 2006, the following resolution was
passed as a special resolution: .

SPECIAL RESOLUTION

1. THAT there be and are hereby adopted in substitution for the Company's existing
Articles of Association new Articles of Association in the form of the draft attached to
this Written Resolution.

Chairman

ENO

26/09/2018 #193
COMPANIES HOUSE

WEDNESDAY


===== page 2 =====
Company Number: 09027730

The Companies Act 2006
Private Company Limited by Shares

ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
of
White Marble Marketing Limited

{Amended by speciai resolution passed on 21 September 2018)

PART 1: INTERPRETATION AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

1. Defined terms

In the articles, unless the context requires otherwise:-

“acceptance period”
“affected shares”
“affected shareholder”
“articles”

“bankruptcy”

“board”
“business day”

“buy notice”

“certificate”

“chairman”

“chairman of the meeting”
“company acceptance
period”

“company buy notice”
“Companies Acts”

“continuing shareholders”
“director’

“distribution recipient”

“document”

has the meaning given in article 28.3;
has the meaning given in article 29.3;
has the meaning given in article 29.1;

means the company’s articles of association;

includes individual insolvency proceedings in a jurisdiction other

than England and Wales or Northern Ireland which have an effect

similar to that of bankruptcy;

means the board of directors from time to time of the company;
Means a day (other than a Saturday) on which banks generally
are open in London for a full range of business;

has the meaning given in article 28.4;

has the meaning given in article 30.2;

has the meaning given in article 12;

has the meaning given in article 43;

has the meaning given in article 28.7;

has the meaning given in article 28.8;

means the Companies Acts (as defined in section 2 of the
Companies Act 2006), in so far as they apply to the company;
has the meaning given in article 28.2;

means a director of the company, and includes any person
occupying the position of director, by whatever name called;
has the meaning given in article 35;

includes, unless otherwise specified, any document sent

or


===== page 3 =====
“electronic form”

“entitlement”

“equity proportions”

“excess shares”
“expert”

“fair price”
“founders”

“fully paid"

“hard copy form”

“holder”

“instrument”
“issue notice”
“non-affected
shareholder”
“new shares”
“offer terms”

“ordinary resolution

“paid”

“participate”

“proportionate
entitlement”

“pro rata entitlement”
“proxy notice”

“qualifying majority”

supplied in electronic form;

has the meaning given in section 1168 of the Companies Act
2006;

has the meaning given in article 29.3;

means the respective proportions in which shares are held from
time to time by each of the shareholders, save that, if the
expression “equity proportion” is used in the context of some (but
not ali) of the shareholders, it shall mean the respective
proportions in which shares are held by each of those particular
shareholders;

has the meaning given in article 23.1(¢);

has the meaning given in article 30.1;

has the meaning given in article 30.1;

means Georgina Pardoe and Tara McCorquodale;

in relation to a share, means that the nominal value and any
premium to be paid to the company in respect of that share have
been paid to the company;

has the meaning given in section 1168 of the Companies Act
2006;

in relation to shares means the person whose name is entered in
the register of members as the holder of the shares;

means a document in hard copy form;

has the meaning given in article 23.1(b);

has the meaning given in article 29.2;

has the meaning given in article 23.1;

has the meaning given in article 28.2.4;

has the meaning given in section 282 of the Companies Act
2006;

means paid or credited as paid;

in relation to a directors’ meeting, has the meaning given in
article 10;

has the meaning given in article 28.2;

has the meaning given in article 23.1(a);
has the meaning given in article 49;
means shareholders (at least one of whom must be a founder)

whose aggregate equity proportions exceeds 70% of the total


===== page 4 =====
issued shares from time to time;
“remaining shareholders” has the meaning given in article 23.1(f);
“tight to purchase notice” —_ has the meaning given in article 29.3;
“right to purchase period” _ has the meaning given in article 29.3;

“shareholder” means a person who is the holder of a share;

“shares” means shares in the company;

“special resolution” has the meaning given in section 283 of the Companies Act
2006;

“specified price” has the meaning given in article 28.2.2;

“subscription price” has the meaning given in article 23.1(b);

“subsidiary” has the meaning given in section 1159 of the Companies Act
2006;

“third party purchaser” has the meaning given in article 28.2.3;

“transfer notice” has the meaning given in article 28.2;

“transmittee” means a person entitled to a share by reason of the death or

bankruptcy of a shareholder or otherwise by operation of law;

and
“valuation shares” has the meaning given in article 30.1;
“writing” means the representation or reproduction of words, symbols or

other information in a visible form by any method or combination
of methods, whether sent or supplied in electronic form or
otherwise.

Unless the context otherwise requires, other words or expressions contained in these articles
bear the same meaning as in the Companies Act 2006 as in force on the date when these

articles become binding on the company.

2. Liability of members
The liability of the members is limited to the amount, if any, unpaid on the shares held by
them.
PART 2: DIRECTORS
Directors’ powers and responsibilities
3. Directors’ general authority

Subject to the articles, the directors are responsible for the management of the company's
business, for which purpose they may exercise all the powers of the company.


===== page 5 =====
4.2

5.2

5.3

6.2

72

Shareholders’ reserve power

The shareholders may, by special resolution, direct the directors to take, or refrain
from taking, specified action.

No such special resolution invalidates anything which the directors have done before
the passing of the resolution

Directors may delegate

Subject to the articles, the directors may delegate any of the powers which are
conferred on them under the articles:-

5.1.1 to such person or committee;

5.1.2 by such means (including by power of attorney);

5.1.3. to such an extent;

5.1.4 _ in relation to such matters or territories; and

5.1.5 on such terms and conditions;

as they think fit.

If the directors so specify, any such delegation may authorise further delegation of the
directors’ powers by any person to whom they are delegated.

The directors may revoke any delegation in whole or part, or alter its terms and

conditions.

Committees

Committees to which the directors delegate any of their powers must follow
procedures which are based as far as they are applicable on those provisions of the
articles which govern the taking of decisions by directors.

The directors may make rules of procedure for all or any committees, which prevail
over rules derived from the articles if they are not consistent with them.

Decision-making by directors
Directors to take decisions collectively
The general rule about decision-making by directors is that any decision of the
directors must be either a majority decision at a meeting or a decision taken in
accordance with article 8.
If.-
7.2.1 the company only has one director; and
7.2.2 no provision of the articles requires it to have more than one director;
the general rule does not apply, and the director may take decisions without regard to
any of the provisions of the articles relating to directors’ decision-making.


===== page 6 =====
82

8.3

8.4

9.2

9.3

9.4

10.
10.1

10.2

Unanimous decisions

A decision of the directors is taken in accordance with this article when all eligible
directors indicate to each other by any means that they share a common view on a
matter.

Such a decision may take the form of a resolution in writing, copies of which have
been signed by each eligible director or to which each eligible director has otherwise
indicated agreement in writing.

References in this article to eligible directors are to directors who would have been
entitled to vote on the matter had it been proposed as a resolution at a directors’
meeting.

A decision may not be taken in accordance with this article if the eligible directors

would not have formed a quorum at such a meeting.

Calling a directors’ meeting

Any director may call a directors' meeting by giving notice of the meeting to the

directors or by authorising the company secretary (if any) to give such notice.

Notice of any directors’ meeting must indicate:-

9.2.1 its proposed date and time;

9.2.2 where it is to take place; and

9.2.3 if it is anticipated that directors participating in the meeting will not be in the
same place, how it is proposed that they should communicate with each other
during the meeting.

Notice of a directors’ meeting must be given to each director, but need not be in

writing.

Notice of a directors’ meeting need not be given to directors who waive their

entitlement to notice of that meeting, by giving notice to that effect to the company not

more than 7 days after the date on which the meeting is held. Where such notice is

given after the meeting has been held, that does not affect the validity of the meeting,

or of any business conducted at it.

Participation in directors’ meetings

Subject to the articles, directors participate in a directors’ meeting, or part of a

directors’ meeting, when:-

10.1.1. the meeting has been called and takes place in accordance with the articles;
and

10.1.2 they can each communicate to the others any information or opinions they
have on any particular item of the business of the meeting.

In determining whether directors are participating in a directors’ meeting, it is

irrelevant where any director is or how they communicate with each other.


===== page 7 =====
10.3

11.
14.41

12.

12.1
12.2
12.3
12.4

13.

If ail the directors participating in a meeting are not in the same place, they may
decide that the meeting is to be treated as taking place wherever any of them is.

Quorum for directors’ meetings

At a directors’ meeting, unless a quorum is participating, no proposal is to be voted

on, except a proposal to call another meeting.

The quorum for directors’ meetings may be fixed from time to time by a decision of

the directors, but it must never be less than two, and unless otherwise fixed it is two.

If the total number of directors for the time being is less than the quorum required, the

directors must not take any decision other than a decision:-

11.3.1 to appoint further directors; or

11.3.2 to call a general meeting so as to enable the shareholders to appoint further
directors.

Chairing of directors’ meetings

The directors may appoint a director to chair their meetings.

The person so appointed for the time being is known as the chairman.

The directors may terminate the chairman’s appointment at any time.

If the chairman is not participating in a directors’ meeting within ten minutes of the
time at which it was to start, the participating directors must appoint one of
themselves to chair it.

Casting vote

If the numbers of votes for and against a proposal are equal, the chairman or other director

chairing the meeting does not have a casting vote.

14,
14.1

14.2

14.3

Conflicts of interest

If a proposed decision of the directors is concerned with an actual or proposed

transaction or arrangement with the company in which a director is interested, that

director is not to be counted as participating in the decision-making process for
quorum or voting purposes.

But if article 14.3 applies, a director who is interested in an actual or proposed

transaction or arrangement with the company is to be counted as participating in the

decision-making process for quorum and voting purposes.

This paragraph applies when:-

14.3.1. the company by ordinary resolution disapplies the provision of the articles
which would otherwise prevent a director from being counted as participating
in the decision-making process;

14.3.2. the director's interest cannot reasonably be regarded as likely to give rise to a
conflict of interest; or


===== page 8 =====
14.4

14.5

14.6

14.7

15.

14.3.3 the director's conflict of interest arises from a permitted cause.

For the purposes of this article, the following are permitted causes:-

14.4.1 a guarantee given, or to be given, by or to a director in respect of an
obligation incurred by or on behalf of the company or any of its subsidiaries;

14.4.2 subscription, or an agreement to subscribe, for shares or other securities of
the company or any of its subsidiaries, or to underwrite, sub-underwrite, or
guarantee subscription for any such shares or securities; and

14.4.3 arrangements pursuant to which benefits are made available to employees
and directors or former employees and directors of the company or any of its
subsidiaries which do not provide special benefits for directors or former
directors.

For the purposes of this article, references to proposed decisions and decision-

making processes include any directors’ meeting or part of a directors’ meeting.

Subject to article 14.7, if a question arises at a meeting of directors or of a committee

of directors as to the right of a director to participate in the meeting (or part of the

meeting) for voting or quorum purposes, the question may, before the conclusion of

the meeting, be referred to the chairman whose ruling in relation to any director other

than the chairman is to be final and conclusive.

If any question as to the right to participate in the meeting (or part of the meeting)

should arise in respect of the chairman, the question is to be decided by a decision of

the directors at that meeting, for which purpose the chairman is not to be counted as

participating in the meeting (or that part of the meeting) for voting or quorum

purposes.

Records of decisions to be kept

The directors must ensure that the company keeps a record, in writing, for at least 10 years
from the date of the decision recorded, of every unanimous or majority decision taken by the

directors.

16.

Directors’ discretion to make further rules

Subject to the articles, the directors may make any rule which they think fit about how they
take decisions, and about how such rules are to be recorded or communicated to directors.

17.
17.4

Appointment of directors
Methods of appointing directors
Any persen who is willing to act as a director, and is permitted by law to do so, may
be appointed to be a director:-
17.1.1 by ordinary resolution; or
17.1.2by a decision of the directors.


===== page 9 =====
17.2

17.3

18.

In any case where, as a result of death, the company has no shareholders and no
directors, the personal representatives of the last shareholder to have died have the
right, by notice in writing, to appoint a person to be a director.

For the purposes of article 17.2, where 2 or more shareholders die in circumstances
rendering it uncertain who was the last to die, a younger shareholder is deemed to
have survived an older shareholder.

Termination of director’s appointment

A person ceases to be a director as soon as:-

18.1
18.2
18.3

18.4

18.5

18.6

18.7

19,
19.1
19.2

19.3

19.4

19.5

that person ceases to be a director by virtue of any provision of the Companies Act
2006 or is prohibited from being a director by law;

that person ceases to be a shareholder;

a bankruptcy order is made against that person;

a composition is made with that person's creditors generally in satisfaction of that
person's debts;

a registered medical practitioner who is treating that person gives a written opinion to
the company stating that that person has become physically or mentally incapable of
acting as a director and may remain so for more than three months:

by reason of that person’s mental health, a court makes an order which wholly or
partly prevents that person from personally exercising any powers or rights which that
person would otherwise have;

notification is received by the company from the director that the director is resigning
from office, and such resignation has taken effect in accordance with its terms.

Directors’ remuneration

Directors may undertake any services for the company that the directors decide.

Directors are entitled to such remuneration as the directors determine:-

19.2.1 for their services to the company as directors; and

49.2,.2for any other service which they undertake for the company.

Subject to the articles, a director's remuneration may:-

19.3.1 take any form; and

19.3.2 include any arrangements in connection with the payment of a pension,
allowance or gratuity, or any death, sickness or disability benefits, to or in
respect of that director.

Unless the directors decide otherwise, directors’ remuneration accrues from day to

day.

Unless the directors decide otherwise, directors are not accountable to the company

for any remuneration which they receive as directors or other officers or employees of

the company’s subsidiaries or of any other body corporate in which the company is

interested.


===== page 10 =====
20.

Directors’ expenses

The company may pay any reasonable expenses which the directors properly incur in

connection with their attendance at:-

20.1
20.2
20.3

meetings of directors or committees of directors;
generai meetings; or
Separate meetings of the holders of any class of shares or of debentures of the

company;

or otherwise in connection with the exercise of their powers and the discharge of their

responsibilities in relation to the company.

21.
21.1

21.2

22.
22.1

22.2

23.
23.1

PART 3: SHARES AND DISTRIBUTIONS
Shares
All shares to be fully paid up
No share is to be issued for less than the aggregate of its nominal vatue and any
premium to be paid to the company in consideration for its issue.
This does not apply to shares taken on the formation of the company by the
subscribers to the company's memorandum.

Powers to issue different classes of share

Subject to the articles, but without prejudice to the rights attached to any existing
share, the company may issue shares with such rights or restrictions as may be
determined by ordinary resolution.

The company may issue shares which are to be redeemed, or are liable to be
redeemed at the option of the company or the holder, and the directors may
determine the terms, conditions and manner of redemption of any such shares.

Issue of New Shares

If the company proposes to issue new shares (the “new shares”):

{a) the new shares shall be offered for subscription in cash and on the same
terms to each shareholder pro rata to their equity proportions (as nearly as
may be) as at the close of business on the date prior to such offer (a
shareholder's “pro rata entitlement”) on the basis that each shareholder may
take up all or part or none of the new shares offered to them;

(b) each offer shall be made by notice from the company (the “issue notice”)
specifying (i) the number of new shares to which the relevant shareholder is
entitled, (ii) the price per new share (the “subscription price”) which shall be
established in accordance with article 23.2 and (iii) a time (being not less than
21 days from the date of the issue notice) within which, if the offer is not
accepted, it will be deemed to be declined;


===== page 11 =====
23.2

23.3

(c)

(a)

(e)

(fh

(g)

(hy

each Shareholder may accept the offer by notice to the company. In addition,
the founders may state they would accept, on the same terms, new shares
(specifying a maximum number) that are not accepted by other shareholders
(“excess shares”). If either of the founders accept the offer in the issue
notice but fail to accept excess shares they shall be deemed to have declined
to accept excess shares;

on expiry of the acceptance period, new shares shall be allocated to each
shareholder who has applied for their pro rata entitlement (or less than their
pro rata entitlement);

if they have indicated that they will accept excess shares, the excess shares
shall be allocated to the founders pro rata to their equity proportions
(provided that neither of them shall be allocated more than the maximum
number of excess shares they have indicated they are willing to accept);

if (after the first allocation of excess shares) there remain excess shares
which have not been allocated and either of the founders (the “remaining
shareholders”) have indicated that they will accept more excess shares than
they have been allocated, the remaining excess shares shall be allocated to
the remaining shareholders pro rata to the equity proportions of the remaining
shareholders; excess shares shall continue to be allocated on this basis until
either all excess shares are allocated or ali requests for excess shares have
been satisfied;

on expiry of the acceptance period pursuant to 23.1(b) or upon receipt by the
company of an acceptance or refusal of every offer made by the company,
the board shall be entitled to issue to any person any new shares offered to
shareholders and which have not been taken up in accordance with the
provisions of this article 23.1; such issue by the board shall be on the same
terms as those offered to the shareholders and made in such mamner and to
such third party or parties as the board may think most beneficial to the
company;

where any allocation under this article 23.1 would result in a fractional
allotment of new shares, the board may, in its absolute discretion, round up
or down such fractional allotments so that the offers and/or allotments of new
shares by the company are of whole numbers of shares (totalling the number
of shares for which the shareholders have given approval for issue).

The subscription price shall be such price as shall be agreed by all the shareholders,
if not so agreed, a fair price determined by an expert appointed in accordance with

article 30.
Promptly after completion of the allocation process pursuant to article 23.1, the

company shall allot and issue (credited as fully paid) the relevant new shares, enter


===== page 12 =====
24.

the relevant allottees in the register of members and complete and despatch to the
relevant allottee(s) certificates for the new shares.

Company not bound by less than absolute interests

Except as required by law, no person is to be recognised by the company as holding any
share upon any trust, and except as otherwise required by law or the articles, the company is
not in any way to be bound by or recognise any interest in a share other than the holder's

absolute ownership of it and all the rights attaching to it.

25.
25.1

25.2

25.3
25.4

25.5

26.
26.1

26.2

Share certificates

The company must issue each shareholder, free of charge, with one or more
certificates in respect of the shares which that shareholder holds.

Every certificate must specify:-

25.2.1 in respect of how many shares, of what class, it is issued;

25.2.2 the nominal value of those shares;

25.2.3. that the shares are fully paid; and

25.2.4 any distinguishing numbers assigned to them.

No certificate may be issued in respect of shares of more than one class.

If more than one person holds a share, only one certificate may be issued in respect
of it.

Certificates must:-

25.5.1 have affixed to them the company’s commen seal; or

25.5.2 be otherwise executed in accordance with the Companies Acts.

Replacement share certificates

If a certificate issued in respect of a shareholder's shares is:-

26.1.1 damaged or defaced; or

26.1.2 said to be lost, stolen or destroyed;

that shareholder is entitled to be issued with a replacement certificate in respect of
the same shares.

A shareholder exercising the right to be issued with such a replacement certificate:-

26.2.1 may at the same time exercise the right to be issued with a single certificate
or separate certificates;

26.2.2 must return the certificate which is to be replaced to the company if it is
damaged or defaced; and

26.2.3 must comply with such conditions as to evidence, indemnity and the payment

of a reasonable fee as the directors decide.


===== page 13 =====
27.

2741

27.2

27.3
27.4

27.5

28.
28.1

28.2

28.3

28.4

Share transfers

Shares may be transferred by means of an instrument of transfer in any usual form or
any other form approved by the directors, which is executed by or on behaif of the
transferor.

No fee may be charged for registering any instrument of transfer or other document
relating to or affecting the title to any share.

The company may retain any instrument of transfer which is registered.

The transferor remains the holder of a share until the transferee’s name is entered in
the register of members as holder of it.

The directors may refuse to register the transfer of a share, and if they do so, the
instrument of transfer must be returned to the transferee with the notice of refusal

unless they suspect that the proposed transfer may be fraudulent.

Transfers of shares

This article applies to any proposed transfer of shares except a transfer made with

the written consent of the other shareholders.

Before a shareholder wishing to sell their shares (“selling shareholder’) makes any

transfer of their shares ("seller's shares”) to a third party they shall first give a written

notice (a “transfer notice”) to the other shareholders (the “continuing shareholders")

offering to sell the seller's shares to the continuing shareholders. Each continuing

shareholder shall be offered (as nearly as may be) such proportion of the seller's

shares as corresponds to the proportion which the number of shares held by that

continuing shareholder bears to the total number of shares held by all continuing

shareholders as at close of business on the date prior to the date of the transfer

notice. A transfer notice shall specify:

28.2.1 the number of seller's shares which the selling shareholder is proposing to
sell;

28.2.2 the proposed price for the relevant transfer, which must be cash (the
“specified price”);

28.2.3 the identity and address of the person(s) to whom the selling shareholder
Proposes to sell the seller's shares (the “third party purchaser’) (if any); and

28.2.4 any other material terms of the proposed sale (the “offer terms’).

A transfer notice shall be irrevocable (except as provided by article 28.4} and shall

constitute an offer by the selling shareholder to sell the sellers shares to the

continuing shareholders at the specified price and on the offer terms and shall be

open for acceptance by the continuing shareholders for 30 business days from the

date of despatch of the transfer notice (the “acceptance period”).

The continuing shareholders may at any time before the expiry of the acceptance

period give notice (a “buy notice”) to the selling shareholder of their wish to purchase

all or any of the seller's shares offered to them by the selling shareholder at the


===== page 14 =====
28.5

28.6

28.7

28.8

28.9

28.10

specified price and on the offer terms. In addition the founders may state that they
wish to apply for seller's shares in excess of their proportionate entitlement by
specifying in their buy notice the number of seller's shares in excess of their
proportionate entitlement which they are prepared to purchase. If any of the
continuing shareholders fails to serve buy notices before the expiry of the acceptance
period, they shall be deemed to have declined the offer by the selling shareholder
constituted by the transfer notice. A buy notice shall be irrevocable unless agreed in
writing by the selling shareholder and all the continuing shareholders giving buy
notices.

If any continuing shareholders have applied for less than their proportionate
entitlement, the excess shall be allocated (as nearly as may be) to each founder who
has applied for seller's shares in excess of their proportionate entitlement, pro rata
the number of shares held by the founders who have so applied as at the close of
business on the date prior to the transfer notice. Any allocation made under this
article shall not, however, result in any founder being allocated more seller's shares
than they have applied for; any remaining excess shall be apportioned between the
founders by applying this article without taking account of such founder.

If the continuing shareholders (or any of them) serve buy notices for all of the seller's
shares, the selling shareholder shall be bound to sell, and the relevant continuing
shareholders shalt be bound to purchase, all of the seller's shares at the specified
price. Completion shall take place within 10 business days from the end of the
acceptance period.

If buy notices are served by the continuing shareholders for less than all of the
seller's shares, the remaining seller's shares shall be offered to the company on the
terms set out in the transfer notice and shall be open for acceptance by the company
for 30 business days from the date of despatch of the transfer notice to the company
(“company acceptance period”).

The company may at any time before the expiry of the company acceptance period
give notice (a “company buy notice”) to the selling shareholder of its wish to purchase
those seller's shares offered to it at the specified price and on the offer terms. If the
company fails to serve a company buy notice before the expiry of the company
acceptance period, it shall be deemed to have declined the offer to it

If buy notices and/or a company buy notice is served for less than all the seller's
shares, the selling shareholder shall be entitled to transfer all of the seller's shares to
the third party purchaser at not less than the specified price and on the offer terms
provided that the transfer is completed within 60 business days of the end of the
company acceptance period

If buy notices and/or a company buy notice is served for less than all the seller's
shares, and no third party purchaser is identified in the transfer notice the selling
shareholder may service notice on the continuing shareholders and the company


===== page 15 =====
28.11

28.12

29.
29.1

29.2

29.3

specifying that they wish the fair price of all the seller's shares to be determined in
accordance with article 30.
Within 28 days of the certificate the continuing shareholders and/or the company shall
be obliged to purchase the seller's shares at the fair price in such proportions as they
may agree between them or in the absence of agreement pro rata their shareholdings
as at the date of the certificate.
If, after having given a transfer notice to the continuing shareholders, and having
complied with the provisions of this article 28, either or both of the founders is the
seller and propose to sell all their shares on a bona fide arm’s length sale to a third
party purchaser in accordance with this article 28, they shall be entitled to give all the
continuing shareholders not less than 30 days’ notice requiring them to sell all (but
not some only) of their shares to the seller (or their nominee which may be the third
party purchaser) at a price per share equal to the greater of:
28.12.1 the value of the consideration per share being offered to the seller by the
third party purchaser; and
28.122 the fair price if the continuing shareholders elect, within 10 days of that
notice, to have that fair price determined in the same manner as set out in
accordance with article 30.
The continuing shareholders shall not be obliged to make any representation or
warranty or to incur any liability to the third party purchaser other than in respect of a
warranty as to title to their shares. The sale of the continuing shareholders’ shares
shall be completed at the same time as that sale or, if later, within 7 days of
determination of the fair price.

Events triggering option to purchase

Itis a termination event in relation to a shareholder (the “affected shareholder’) if:-

29.1.1 a court of competent jurisdiction makes a bankruptcy order in respect of a
shareholder; or

29.1.2. a shareholder, being also a director, ceases to be a director; or

29.1.3. a shareholder, being also an employee, ceases to be an employee; or

29.1.4 ashareholder becomes of unsound mind or a patient in accordance with the
Mental Capacity Act 2005.

Upon a termination event a qualifying majority of the other shareholders (“non-

affected shareholders”) may serve notice on the affected shareholder and the

company specifying that they (i) wish to exercise their rights under the remaining

provisions of this article 29 and (ii) request that the fair price of the shares be

determined in accordance with article 30.

Within 10 days of receipt of the certificate of the fair price in accordance with article

30, the company shall (i) give notice to the affected shareholder of the certificate and

(ii) give notice (a “right to purchase notice”) to the non-affected shareholders of their


===== page 16 =====
29.4

29.5

29.6

30.
30.1

tight to purchase the shares of the affected shareholder (the “affected shares”) at the
fair price. The right to purchase notice shall (i) specify the number of affected shares
that are offered to the non-affected shareholders (which shall be pro rata their equity
proportions (their “entitlement’) as at close of business on the date prior to the date of
the right to purchase notice) and the price per share at which the affected shares are
offered, (ii) be expressed to be open for acceptance for 30 days from the date of
service of the right to purchase notice (the “right to purchase period”), {iii} be
irrevocable except as set out in article 29.4 and (iv) be subject to no other terms.

The non-affected shareholders may, at any time before the expiry of the right to
purchase period, serve a written notice upon the company stating their wish to
purchase all or any of the affected shares offered to them on the terms set out in
article 29.3. In addition the founders may state that they wish to purchase affected
shares in excess of their pro rata entitlement, specifying the number of affected
shares in excess of their entitlement that they are prepared to purchase. If the non-
affected shareholders fail to serve a notice before the expiry of the right to purchase
period, they shall be deemed to have declined the offer constituted by the right to
purchase notice. A notice served pursuant to article 29.4 shall be irrevocable without
the written consent of the affected shareholder.

If any non-affected shareholders have applied for less than their entitlement, the
excess shall be allocated to the founders who have stated they wish to purchase
affected shares in excess of their entitlement. Such allocation shall be in proportion
to the equity proportions of the founders who have applied for any part of such
excess as at the close of business on the date prior to the date of the right to
purchase notice (provided that any allocation made under this article shall not result
in either founder being allocated more affected shares than they wish to purchase).
Any excess affected shares shall continue to be allocated on this basis until either all
the affected shares have been allocated or all requests for extra affected shares have
been satisfied. If after such allocation there are still excess the affected shares, such
excess shall be offered to the company on the same terms as those offered to the
non-affected shareholders.

The affected party shall be bound to sell and the non-affected shareholders or the
company shall be bound to buy such of the affected shares that have been allocated
to them pursuant to this article (i) at the fair price and (ii) within 15 days of allocation
of the affected shares.

Valuation by expert

The price ("fair price") of any shares to be valued for the purposes of articles 23, 28
and 29 (the “valuation shares”) shall be determined by an expert (the “expert”) in
accordance with this article 30.


===== page 17 =====
30.2

30.3

30.4

31.
34.4

31.2

The expert shall be such firm of accountants as the shareholders may agree or, if
they fail to agree, such firm of accountants, independent of all the shareholders, as
the Institute of Chartered Accounts in England and Wales shall appoint at the request
of any shareholder. The expert shall act as an expert and not as an arbitrator and its
decision, which shall be incorporated in a certificate (the “certificate”) {a copy of which
will be provided to each of the shareholders and the company), shall be final and
binding on the shareholders (and the company) and (save in the event of manifest
error) not subject to appeal to any court or tribunal on any basis whatsoever and the
shareholders and the company must comply with the expert's decision. The expert's
fees and expenses shall be borne by the company.
The expert shall exercise its independent professional judgment in arriving at a
determination of the fair price of any valuation shares by (i) assessing the historical
and projected financial performance of the company, (ii) applying generally accepted
methodologies for valuing the company, including discounted cash flow analysis,
comparisons with any similar companies whose shares are traded on any stock
exchange and comparisons with any publicly disclosed sales of similar companies or
significant pools of similar assets, and (iii) such other valuation methods as the expert
shall consider to be appropriate in the circumstances.

The expert shall determine the fair price of the valuation shares on the following

basis:-

30.4.1 by valuing the company on a going concern basis for an arms’ length sale
between a willing buyer and a willing seller and on the assumption that the
Subject matter of the valuation is exposed to an open market;

30.4.2 by valuing the valuation shares by reference to the value of the company as a
whole (and therefore without regard to the size of any relevant holding);

30.4.3. making no allowances for any expenses that might be incurred in connection
with the issue, sale or purchase of the valuation shares;

30.4.4 in the case of a sale and purchase of shares following a termination event,
taking into account the likely effect on the company’s business of the loss of
the affected shareholder as a shareholder in the company.

Transmission of shares

If title to a share passes to a transmittee, the company may only recognise the

transmittee as having any title to that share.

A transmittee who produces such evidence of entitlement to shares as the directors

may properly require:-

31.2.1 may, subject to the articles, choose either to become the holder of those
shares or to have them transferred to another person; and

31.2.2 subject to the articles, and pending any transfer of the shares to another
person, has the same rights as the holder had.


===== page 18 =====
31.3

32.
32.4

32.2

32.3

33.

But transmittees do not have the right to attend or vote at a general meeting, or agree
to a proposed written resolution, in respect of shares to which they are entitled, by
reason of the holder's death or bankruptcy or otherwise, unless they become the
holders of those shares.

Exercise of transmittees’ rights

Transmittees who wish to become the holders of shares to which they have become
entitled must notify the company in writing of that wish.

If the transmittee wishes to have a share transferred to another person, the
transmittee must execute an instrument of transfer in respect of it.

Any transfer made or executed under this article is to be treated as if it were made or
executed by the person from whom the transmittee has derived rights in respect of
the share, and as if the event which gave rise to the transmission had not occurred.

Transmittees bound by prior notices

If a notice is given to a shareholder in respect of shares and a transmittee is entitled to those
shares, the transmittee is bound by the notice if it was given to the shareholder before the

transmittee’s name has been entered in the register of members.

34.
34.1

34.2

34.5

34.6

Dividends and other distributions
Procedure for declaring dividends
The company may by ordinary resolution declare dividends, and the directors may
decide to pay interim dividends.
A dividend must not be declared unless the directors have made a recommendation
as to its amount. Such a dividend must not exceed the amount recommended by the
directors.
No dividend may be declared or paid unless it is in accordance with shareholders’
respective rights.
Unless the shareholders’ resolution to declare or directors’ decision to pay a dividend,
or the terms on which shares are issued, specify otherwise, it must be paid by
reference to each shareholder's holding of shares on the date of the resolution or
decision to declare or pay it.
If the company’s share capital is divided into different classes, no interim dividend
may be paid on shares carrying deferred or non-preferred rights if, at the time of
payment, any preferential dividend is in arrear.
The directors may pay at intervals any dividend payable at a fixed rate if it appears to
them that the profits available for distribution justify the payment.
If the directors act in good faith, they do not incur any liability to the holders of shares
conferring preferred rights for any loss they may suffer by the lawful payment of an
interim dividend on shares with deferred or non-preferred rights.


===== page 19 =====
35.
35.1

35.2

36.

Payment of dividends and other distributions
Where a dividend or other sum which is a distribution is payable in respect of a share,
it must be paid by one or more of the following means:-

35.4.1

35.1.2

38.1.3

38.1.4

transfer to a bank or building society account specified by the distribution
recipient either in writing or as the directors may otherwise decide;

sending a cheque made payable to the distribution recipient by post to the
distribution recipient at the distribution recipient's registered address (if the
distribution recipient is a holder of the share), or (in any other case) to an
address specified by the distribution recipient either in writing or as the
directors may otherwise decide;

sending a cheque made payable to such person by post to such person at
such address as the distribution recipient has specified either in writing or as
the directors may otherwise decide; or

any other means of payment as the directors agree with the distribution
recipient either in writing or by such other means as the directors decide.

In the articles, ‘the distribution recipient’ means, in respect of a share in respect of

which a dividend or other sum is payable:-

35.2.4
35.2.2

36.2.3

the holder of the share; or

if the share has two or more joint holders, whichever of them is named first in
the register of members; or

if the holder is no longer entitled to the share by reason of death or
bankruptcy, or otherwise by operation of law, the transmittee.

No interest on distributions

The company may not pay interest on any dividend or other sum payable in respect of a

share unless otherwise provided by:-

36.1
36.2

37.

37.1

37.2

37.3

the terms on which the share was issued, or
the provisions of another agreement between the holder of that share and the

company.

Unclaimed distributions
All dividends or other sums which are:-

37.1.4
37.1.2

payable in respect of shares, and
unclaimed after having been declared or become payable,

may be invested or otherwise made use of by the directors for the benefit of the

company until claimed.
The payment of any such dividend or other sum into a separate account does not

make the company a trustee in respect of it.

If-


===== page 20 =====
37.3.1 twelve years have passed from the date on which a dividend or other sum
became due for payment, and

37.3.2 the distribution recipient has not claimed it,

the distribution recipient is no longer entitled to that dividend or other sum and it

ceases to remain owing by the company.

38. Non-cash distributions

38.1 Subject to the terms of issue of the share in question, the company may, by ordinary
resolution on the recommendation of the directors, decide to pay all or part of a
dividend or other distribution payable in respect of a share by transferring non-cash
assets of equivalent value (including, without limitation, shares or other securities in
any company).

38.2. For the purposes of paying a non-cash distribution, the directors may make whatever
arrangements they think fit, including, where any difficulty arises regarding the
distribution:-

38.2.1 fixing the value of any assets;

38.2.2 paying cash to any distribution recipient on the basis of that value in order to
adjust the rights of recipients; and

38.2.3 vesting any assets in trustees.

39. Waiver of distributions

Distribution recipients may waive their entitlement to a dividend or other distribution payable

in respect of a share by giving the company notice in writing to that effect, but if:-

39.1 the share has more than one holder, or

39.2 more than one person is entitled to the share, whether by reason of the death or
bankruptcy of one or more joint holders, or otherwise,

the notice is not effective unless it is expressed to be given, and signed, by all the hoiders or

persons otherwise entitled to the share.

Capitalisation of profits
40. Authority to capitalise and appropriation of capitalised sums
40.1 Subject to the articles, the directors may, if they are so authorised by an ordinary
resolution:-

40.1.1 decide to capitalise any profits of the company (whether or not they are
available for distribution) which are not required for paying a preferential
dividend, or any sum standing to the credit of the company’s share premium
account or capital redemption reserve; and

40.1.2 appropriate any sum which they so decide to capitalise (a ‘capitalised sum’) to
the persons who would have been entitled to it if it were distributed by way of
dividend (the ‘persons entitled’) and in the same proportions.


===== page 21 =====
40.2

40.3

40.4

40.5

41.
41.4

41.2

41.3

Capitalised sums must be applied:-

40.2.1 on behalf of the persons entitled, and

40.2.2 in the same proportions as a dividend would have been distributed to them.

Any capitalised sum may be applied in paying up new shares of a nominal amount

equal to the capitalised sum which are then allotted credited as fully paid to the

persons entitled or as they may direct.

A capitalised sum which was appropriated from profits available for distribution may

be applied in paying up new debentures of the company which are then allotted

credited as fully paid to the persons entitied or as they may direct.

Subject to the articles the directors may:-

40.5.1 apply capitalised sums in accordance with articles 40.3 and 40.4 partly in one
way and partly in another;

40.5.2 make such arrangements as they think fit to deal with shares or debentures
becoming distributable in fractions under this article (including the issuing of
fractional certificates or the making of cash payments); and

40.5.3 authorise any person to enter into an agreement with the company on behalf
of all the persons entitled which is binding on them in respect of the allotment
of shares and debentures to them under this article.

PART 4: DECISION-MAKING BY SHAREHOLDERS
Organisation of general meetings
Attendance and speaking at general meetings
A person is able to exercise the right to speak at a general meeting when that person
is in a position to communicate to all those attending the meeting, during the meeting,
any information or opinions which that person has on the business of the meeting.
A person is able to exercise the right to vote at a general meeting when:-
41.2.1 that person is able to vote, during the meeting, on resolutions put to the vote
at the meeting, and
41.2.2 that person’s vote can be taken into account in determining whether or not
such resolutions are passed at the same time as the votes of all the other
persons attending the meeting.
The directors may make whatever arrangements they consider appropriate to enable
those attending a general meeting to exercise their rights to speak or vote at it.
In determining attendance at a general meeting, it is immaterial whether any two or
more members attending it are in the same place as each other.
Two or more persons who are not in the same place as each other attend a general
meeting if their circumstances are such that if they have (or were to have) rights to
speak and vote at that meeting, they are (or would be) able to exercise them.

20


===== page 22 =====
42.

Quorum for general meetings

No business other than the appointment of the chairman of the meeting is to be transacted at

a general meeting if the persons attending it do not constitute a quorum.

43.
43.1

43.2

43.3

45.
45.1

45.2

45.3

45.4

Chairing general meetings

If the directors have appointed a chairman, the chairman shall chair general meetings
if present and willing to do so.

If the directors have not appointed a chairman, or if the chairman is unwilling to chair
the meeting or is not present within ten minutes of the time at which a meeting was
due to start:-

43.2.1 the directors present, or

43.2.2 (if no directors are present), the meeting,

must appoint a director or shareholder to chair the meeting, and the appointment of
the chairman of the meeting must be the first business of the meeting.

The person chairing a meeting in accordance with this article is referred to as ‘the

chairman of the meeting’

Attendance and speaking by directors and non-shareholders

Directors may attend and speak at general meetings, whether or not they are

shareholders.

The chairman of the meeting may permit other persons who are not:-

44.2.1 shareholders of the company, or

44.2.2 otherwise entitled to exercise the rights of shareholders in relation to general
meetings,

to attend and speak at a general meeting.

Adjournment

If the persons attending a general meeting within half an hour of the time at which the

meeting was due to start do not constitute a quorum, or if during a meeting a quorum

ceases to be present, the chairman of the meeting must adjourn it.

The chaitman of the meeting may adjourn a general meeting at which a quorum is

present ift-

45.2.1 the meeting consents to an adjournment, or

45.2.2 it appears to the chairman of the meeting that an adjournment is necessary to
protect the safety of any person attending the meeting or ensure that the
business of the meeting is conducted in an orderly manner.

The chairman of the meeting must adjourn a general meeting if directed to do so by

the meeting.

When adjourning a general meeting, the chairman of the meeting must:

21


===== page 23 =====
45.5

45.6

46.

45.4.1 either specify the time and place to which it is adjourned or state that it is to
continue at a time and place to be fixed by the directors, and

45.4.2 have regard to any directions as to the time and place of any adjournment
which have been given by the meeting.

If the continuation of an adjourned meeting is to take place more than 14 days after it

was adjourned, the company must give at least 7 clear days’ notice of it (that is,

excluding the day of the adjourned meeting and the day on which the notice is

given):-

45.5.1 to the same persons to whom notice of the company’s general meetings is
required to be given, and

45.5.2 containing the same information which such notice is required to contain.

No business may be transacted at an adjourned general meeting which could not

properly have been transacted at the meeting if the adjournment had not taken place.

Voting at general meetings
Voting: general

A resolution put to the vote of a general meeting must be decided on a show of hands unless

@ poll is duly demanded in accordance with the articles.

47.
47.4

48.
48.1

48.2

48.3

Errors and disputes

No objection may be raised to the qualification of any person voting at a general
meeting except at the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the vote objected ta is
tendered, and every vote not disallowed at the meeting is valid.

Any such objection must be referred to the chairman of the meeting, whose decision

is final.

Poll votes

A poll on a resolution may be demanded:-

48.1.1 in advance of the general meeting where it is to be put to the vote, or

48.1.2 at a general meeting, either before a show of hands on that resolution or
immediately after the result of a show of hands on that resolution is declared.

A poll may be demanded by:-

48.2.1 the chairman of the meeting:

48.2.2 the directors;

48.2.3 two or more persons having the right to vote on the resolution; or

48.2.4 a person or persons representing not less than one tenth of the total voting
rights of all the shareholders having the right to vote on the resolution

A demand for a poll may be withdrawn if:-

48.3.1 the poll has not yet been taken, and

48.3.2 the chairman of the meeting consents to the withdrawal.

22


===== page 24 =====
48.4

4g.
49.1

49.2

49.3

49.4

50.
50.1

50.2

50.3

50.4

51.
51.1

Polls must be taken immediately and in such manner as the chairman of the meeting
directs.

Content of proxy notices

Proxies may only validly be appointed by a notice in writing (a ‘proxy notice’) which:-

49.1.1 states the name and address of the shareholder appointing the proxy;

49.1.2 identifies the person appointed to be that shareholder's proxy and the general
meeting in relation to which that person is appointed;

49.1.3 is signed by or on behalf of the shareholder appointing the proxy, or is
authenticated in such manner as the directors may determine; and

49.1.4 is delivered to the company in accordance with the articles and any
instructions contained in the notice of the general meeting to which they
relate.

The company may require proxy notices to be delivered in a particular form, and may

specify different forms for different purposes.

Proxy notices may specify how the proxy appointed under them is to vote (or that the

proxy is to abstain from voting) on one or more resolutions.

Unless a proxy notice indicates otherwise, it must be treated as:-

49.4.1 allowing the person appointed under it as a proxy discretion as to how to vote
on any ancillary or procedurai resolutions put to the meeting, and

49.4.2 appointing that person as a proxy in relation to any adjournment of the
general meeting to which it relates as well as the meeting itself.

Delivery of proxy notices

A person who is entitled to attend, speak or vote (either on a show of hands or ona
poll) at a general meeting remains so entitled in respect of that meeting or any
adjournment of it, even though a valid proxy notice has been delivered to the
company by or on behalf of that person.

An appointment under a proxy notice may be revoked by delivering to the company a
hotice in writing given by or on behalf of the person by whom or on whose behalf the
proxy notice was given

A notice revoking a proxy appointment only takes effect if it is delivered before the
start of the meeting or adjourned meeting to which it relates.

|f a proxy notice is not executed by the person appointing the proxy, it must be
accompanied by written evidence of the authority of the person who executed it to

execute it on the appointor’s behalf.
Amendments to resolutions

An ordinary resolution to be proposed at a general meeting may be amended by

ordinary resolution if:-

23


===== page 25 =====
$1.2

§1.3

52.
62.1

$2.2

§2.3

§3.
§3.1
§3.2

§3.3

§3.4

51.1.1 notice of the proposed amendment is given to the company in writing by a
person entitled to vote at the general meeting at which it is to be proposed not
less than 48 hours before the meeting is to take place (or such later time as
the chairman of the meeting may determine), and

51.1.2 the proposed amendment does not, in the reasonable opinion of the chairman
of the meeting, materially alter the scope of the resolution.

A special resolution to be proposed at a general meeting may be amended by

ordinary resolution, if:-

51.2.1. the chairman of the meeting proposes the amendment at the general meeting
at which the resolution is to be proposed, and

51.2.2 the amendment does not go beyond what is necessary to correct a
grammatical or other non-substantive error in the resolution.

ff the chairman of the meeting, acting in good faith, wrongly decides that an

amendment to a resolution is out of order, the chairman’s error does not invalidate the

vote on that resolution,

PART 5: ADMINISTRATIVE ARRANGEMENTS.
Means of communication to be used
Subject to the articles, anything sent or supplied by or to the company under the
articles may be sent or supplied in any way in which the Companies Act 2006
provides for documents or information which are authorised or required by any
provision of that Act to be sent or supplied by or to the company.
Subject to the articles, any notice or document to be sent or supplied to a director in
connection with the taking of decisions by directors may also be sent or supplied by
the means by which that director has asked to be sent or supplied with such notices
or documents for the time being.
Adirector may agree with the company that notices or documents sent to that director
in a particular way are to be deemed to have been received within a specified time of
their being sent, and for the specified time to be less than 48 hours.

Company seals

Any common sea! may only be used by the authority of the directors.

The directors may decide by what means and in what form any common seal is to be
used.

Unless otherwise decided by the directors, if the company has a common seal and it
is affixed to a document, the document must also be signed by at least one
authorised person in the presence of a witness who attests the signature.

For the purposes of this article, an authorised person is:-

53.4.1 any director of the company;

53.4.2 the company secretary (if any); or

24


===== page 26 =====
53.4.3 any person authorised by the directors for the purpose of signing documents
to which the common seal is applied.

54, No right to inspect accounts and other records

Except as provided by jaw or authorised by the directors or an ordinary resolution of the
company, no person is entitled to inspect any of the company’s accounting or other records or
documents merely by virtue of being a shareholder.

55. Provision for employees on cessation of business

The directors may decide to make provision for the benefit of persons employed or formerly
employed by the company or any of its subsidiaries (other than a director or former director or
shadow director) in connection with the cessation or transfer to any person of the whole or
part of the undertaking of the company or that subsidiary.

Directors’ indemnity and insurance
56. Indemnity
56.1 Subject to article 56.2, a relevant director of the company or an associated company
may be indemnified out of the company’s assets against:-

56.1.1 any liability incurred by that director in connection with any negligence,
default, breach of duty or breach of trust in relation to the company or an
associated company,

66.1.2 any liability incurred by that director in connection with the activities of the
company or an associated company in its capacity as a trustee of an
occupational pension scheme (as defined in section 235(6) of the Companies
Act 2008),

56.1.3 any other liability incurred by that director as an officer of the company or an
associated company.

56.2 This article does not authorise any indemnity which would be prohibited or rendered
void by any provision of the Companies Acts or by any other provision of law.
56.3 In this article:-

56.3.1 companies are associated if one is a subsidiary of the other or both are
subsidiaries of the same body corporate, and

56.3.2 a ‘relevant director’ means any director or former director of the company or

an associated company.

57. Insurance

57.1 The directors may decide to purchase and maintain insurance, at the expense of the
company, for the benefit of any relevant director in respect of any relevant loss.

67.2 In this article:-

25


===== page 27 =====
97.2.1

§7.2.2

57.2.3

a ‘relevant director’ means any director or former director of the company or

an associated company,

a ‘relevant loss’ means any loss or liability which has been or may be incurred
by a relevant director in connection with that director's duties or powers in
relation to the company, any associated company or any pension fund or
employees’ share scheme of the company or associated company, and
companies are associated if one is a subsidiary of the other or both are

subsidiaries of the same body corporate.

26
