

===== page 1 =====
Company number 08506571

WRITTEN RESOLUTIONS OF THE COMPANY

PURSUANT TO SECTION 288 OF THE COMPANIES ACT 2006 ("ACT")

ALPHA FMC GROUP LIMITED (the “Company")

Z OUcro@ER 2017 (the "Circulation Date")

Pursuant to Chapter 2 of Part 13 of the Companies Act 2006, the board of directors of the
Company (the “Directors") propose that the resolutions below (the "Resolutions") are
passed as special resolutions:

1 THAT:

(a)

(b)

the amount of £22,420,765 standing to the credit of the reduction reserve of
the Company be capitalised and applied in paying up in full 22,420,765 new B
ordinary shares (the "Capital Reduction Shares"), each Capital Reduction
Share having a nominal value of £1, and the Directors be and are hereby
authorised for the purposes of section 551 of the Act to allot and issue all of
the Capital Reduction Shares thereby created to the member of the Company
upon terms that they are paid up in full by such capitalisation, and such
authority shall for the purposes of section 551 of the Act expire on -

2017;

the Capital Reduction Shares created and issued pursuant to minute 1 above
shall have the following rights and restrictions:

{i) the holder of the Capital Reduction Shares shal! have no right to
receive any dividend or other distribution whether of capital or income;

(ii) the holder of the Capital Reduction Shares shall have no right to
receive notice of or to attend or vote at any general meeting of the
Company;

(iii) the holder of the Capital Reduction Shares shall not be entitled to any
participation in the assets or profits of the Company;

{iv) a reduction by the Company of the capital paid up or credited as paid
up on the Capital Reduction Shares and the cancellation of such
shares will be treated as being in accordance with the rights attaching
to the Capital Reduction Shares and will not involve a variation of such
tights for any purpose. The Company will be authorised at any time .
without obtaining the consent of the holder of the Capital Reduction
Shares to reduce its capital (in accordance with the Act); and

(v) the Company shall irrevocable authority at any time after the creation
or issue of the Capital Reduction Shares to appoint any person to
execute on behalf of the holder of such shares a transfer thereof
and/or agreement to transfer the same without making any payment to
the holder thereof to such person or persons as the Company may

1

TUESDAY

03/10/2017
COMPANIES HOUSE

TUN

#140


===== page 2 =====
determine and, in accordance with the provisions of the Act, to
purchase or cancel such shares without making any payment to or
obtaining the sanction of the holder thereof and pending such a
transfer and/or purchase and/or cancellation to retain the certificates,
if any, in respect thereof, provided also that the Company may in
accordance with the provisions of the Act purchase all but not some
only of the Capital Reduction Shares then in issue at a price not
exceeding 1 penny for all the Capital Reduction Shares.

(c) the Capital Reduction Shares created and issued pursuant to paragraph (a)
above shall be cancelled; and

2 THAT the capital contribution reserve of the Company be reduced from £22,420,765
to £0 and the amount by which the share capital is so reduced, be credited to a
reserve.

AGREEMENT

Please read the notes at the end of this document before signifying your agreement to the
Resolutions.

The undersigned, a person entitled to vote on the above Resolutions on the Circulation Date,
hereby irrevocably agrees to the Resolutions:

Kg

Signed by “a director, for and on behalf of —
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited

Date 2.06 & 2°)

We hereby certify that this is a

true and correct copy ot the original
Dated. 4 OCEORER. 2012

SQUIRE PATTON BOGGS (UK) LLP
7 DEVONSHIRE SQUARE

LONDON

EC2M 4YH

014-3779-7675/ JEUROPE


===== page 3 =====
NOTES

1

If you agree with the Resolutions, please indicate your agreement by signing and
dating this document where indicated above and returning it to the Company using one
of the following methods:

e By Hand: delivering the signed copy to the registered office of the Company.
* By Post: returning the signed copy by post to the registered office of the Company.

If you do not agree to the Resolutions, you do not need to do anything: you will not be
deemed to agree if you fail to reply.

Once you have indicated your agreement to the Resolutions, you may not revoke your
agreement.

Unless, by 28 days from the Circulation Date (as defined above), sufficient agreement
has been received for the Resolutions to pass, they will lapse. If you agree to the
Resolutions, please ensure that your agreement reaches us before or during this date.

In the case of joint hoiders of shares, only the vote of the senior holder who votes will
be counted by the Company. Seniority is determined by the order in which the names
of the joint holders appear in the register of members.

If you are signing this document on behalf of a person under a power of attorney or

other authority please send a copy of the relevant power of attorney when returning
this document.

014-3779-7675//EUROPE
