

===== page 1 =====
Se

Alpha FMC Group Limited

Annual report and financial statements
Registered number 08506571
31 March 2018

Tu

ANS 22/12/2018 #67
COMPANIES HOUSE

I

SATURDAY


===== page 2 =====
Contents

Company Information

Directors’ report

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the Directors’ report and the financial statements

Independent Auditor’s Report to the members of Alpha FMC Group Limited
Profit and Loss Account

Balance Sheet

Statement of Changes in Equity

Notes

Alpha FMC Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2018

Cea A ROD


===== page 3 =====
Company Information

Directors

Company number

Registered office

Auditor

Alpha FMC Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2018

ENB Fraser
NB Baker
NR Kent

08506571

60 Gresham Street
London
EC2V 7BB

KPMG LLP

St Nicholas House
Park Row
Nottingham

NGI 6FQ


===== page 4 =====
Alpha FMC Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
t 31 March 2018

Directors’ report

The Directors present their report and the audited financial statements for the period ended 31 March 2018.
Principal activities

The Company is an intermediate holding Company and previously offered management service to its subsidiaries.
This year it has had no trading activity as the trade now goes through Alpha FMC Bidco Limited.

Results and dividend

The results for the year are set out in the attached profit and loss account.

An interim dividend in respect of the year ended 31 March 2018 of £15,961,000 was paid to Alpha FMC Group
Holdings Limited to facilitate the Group dividend payment made by the Company’s ultimate parent, Alpha Financial
Markets Consulting plc, to its shareholders. The Directors of the Company have recommended payment of a final
dividend of £16,475,000 to facilitate the payment of the final Group dividend. This dividend will be facilitated by
the receipt of a dividend of £16,475,000 from the Company’s directly owned subsidiary, Alpha Financial Markets
Consulting Group Limited.

Directors
The Directors who held office during the year were as follows:

ENB Fraser

NB Baker

NR Kent

THS Trotter (resigned 31 March 2018)

Political contributions

The Company made no political donations or incurred any political expenditure during the year.

Disclosure of information to auditor

The Directors who held office at the date of approval of this Directors’ report confirm that, so far as they are each
aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the Company’s auditor is unaware; and each Director has
taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as a Director to make themselves aware of any relevant audit
information and to establish that the Company’s auditor is aware of that information.

Auditor

Pursuant to Section 487 of the Companies Act 2006, the auditor will be deemed to be reappointed and KPMG LLP
will therefore continue in office.

By order of the Board.

re Reo

ENB Fraser
Director

60 Gresham Street
London EC2V 7BB

13 December 2018


===== page 5 =====
Alpha FMC Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2018

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the Directors’ report and the
financial statements

The Directors are responsible for preparing the Directors’ Report and the financial statements in accordance with
applicable law and regulations.

Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law they have
elected to prepare the financial statements in accordance with UK accounting standards and applicable law (UK
Generally Accepted Accounting Practice), including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework.

Under Company law the Directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a
true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for that period. In
preparing these financial statements, the Directors are required to:

¢ — select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;
e make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

© state whether applicable UK accounting standards have been followed, subject to any material departures
disclosed and explained in the financial statements;

© assess the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
concern; and

* use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations
or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the
Company’s transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company and
enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They are responsible for
such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have general responsibility for taking such steps as are
reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the Company and to prevent and detect fraud and other
irregularities. :


===== page 6 =====
Alpha FMC Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2018

Independent Auditor’s Report to the members of Alpha FMC Group Limited

Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of Alpha FMC Group Limited (“the Company”) for the year ended 31
March 2018 which comprise the Profit and Loss Account, Balance Sheet and Statement of Changes in Equity and
related notes, including the accounting policies in note 1.

In our opinion the financial statements:

¢ give a true and fair view of the state of the Company’s affairs as at 31 March 2018 and of its profit for the
year then ended;

«have been properly prepared in accordance with UK accounting standards, including FRS 101 Reduced
Disclosure Framework; and

« have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.
Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and
applicable law. Our responsibilities are described below. We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and
are independent of the Company in accordance with, UK ethical requirements including the FRC Ethical Standard.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis for our opinion.

Going concern

We are required to report to you if we have concluded that the use of the going concern basis of accounting is
inappropriate or there is an undisclosed material uncertainty that may cast significant doubt over the use of that
basis for a period of at least twelve months from the date of approval of the financial statements. We have nothing
to report in these respects.

Directors’ report

The directors are responsible for the directors’ report. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover that
report and we do not express an audit opinion thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the directors’ report.and, in doing so, consider whether, based on our financial
statements audit work, the information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with the financial statements
or our audit knowledge. Based solely on that work:

. we have not identified material misstatements in the directors’ report;

. in our opinion the information given in that report for the financial year is consistent with the financial
statements; and

. in our opinion that report has been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception
Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:

* adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received
from branches not visited by us; or

¢ — the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or
* — certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or
© we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit; or

* the Directors were not entitled to take advantage of the small companies exemption from the requirement to
prepare a strategic report.

We have nothing to report in these respects.


===== page 7 =====
, Alpha FMC Group Limited
- Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2018

Independent Auditor’s Report to the members of Alpha FMC Group Limited
(continued)

Directors’ responsibilities

As explained more fully in their statement set out on page 3, the directors are responsible for: the preparation of
the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view; such internal control as they
determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error; assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as
applicable, matters related to going concern; and using the going concern basis of accounting unless they either
intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities

Our objectives are to obtain‘reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue our opinion in an auditor’s report. Reasonable
assurance is a high level of assurance, but does not guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs
(UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and
are considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influerice the
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial.statements.

- A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC’s website at
www.fre.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities.

The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities

This report is made solely to the Company’s members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the
Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the Company’s members
those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent
permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the Company’s
members, as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Mark Flanagan (Senior Statutory Auditor)

for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
Chartered Accountants

St Nicholas House
31 Park Row
Nottingham

NGI 6FQ



===== page 8 =====
Alpha EMC Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2018

Profit and Loss Account
for the year ended 31 March 2018

Note . 2018 7 2017

£000 £000

Operating income 2 3 -
Operating profit 3 -
Interest payable and similar expenses - -
Profit before tax: 3 _
Taxation 5 . } - : -
Profit for the financial year 3 -

In both the current and preceding year, the Company made no material acquisitions and had no discontinued
operations.

There were no recognised gains or losses in either the current or preceding year other than those disclosed.in the
profit and loss account, and therefore no separate statement of other comprehensive income has been presented.

The notes on pages 9-18 form part of these financial statements.


===== page 9 =====
Balance Sheet
at 31 March 2018

Note
Non-current assets
Investments . 6
Current assets
Debtors 7
Current liabilities
Creditors: amounts falling due within one year 8

Net current liabil
Net assets

Capital and reserves
Called up share capital 9
Capital contributions reserve

Profit and loss account

Shareholders’ funds

Alpha FMC Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2018

2018 2017
£000 £000 £000 £000
33,752 33,752
1,187 1,465
(34,936) (19,254)

(33,749) (17,791)

3 15,961

: ~ 92,401
3 (6,460)

3 15,961

The notes on pages 9-18 form part of these financial statements. These financial statements were approved and
authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 13 December 2018. They were signed on its behalf by:

Bb

ENB Fraser
Director

Company registered number: 08506571.


===== page 10 =====
Statement of Changes in Equity

Balance at 1 April 2017

Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit
Other comprehensive income

Total comprehensive income for the period

Transactions with owners, recorded directly in equity
Issue of shares

Transfer between reserves

Dividends

Total contributions by and distributions to owners

Balance at 31 March 2018

The notes on pages 9-18 form part of these financial statements.

Alpha FMC Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2018

Called up Capital profit and Total
share contributions .

‘ loss account equity

capital reserve

£000 £000 £000 £000

- 22,421 (6,460) 15,961

- - 3 3

- - 3 3

- (22,421) 22,421 ‘

- - (15,961) (15,961)

- (22,421) 6,460 (15,961)

- - 3 3



===== page 11 =====
Alpha FMC Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2018

Notes
(forming part of the financial statements)

1 Accounting policies

Alpha FMC Group Limited (the “Company”) is a Company limited by shares, domiciled and registered in the UK.
The registered number is 08506571 and the registered address is 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB.

These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced Disclosure
Framework (“FRS 101”).

The Company is exempt by virtue of Section 400 of the Companies Act 2006 from the requirement to prepare Group
financial statements. These financial statements present information about the Company as an individual and not
about its Group.

In preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement and disclosure
requirements of International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU (“Adopted IFRSs”), but makes
amendments where necessary in order to comply with Companies Act 2006 and has set out below where advantage
ofthe FRS 101 disclosure exemptions has been taken.

In the transition to FRS 101, the Company has applied IFRS 1, whilst ensuring that its assets and liabilities are
measured in compliance with FRS 101. An explanation of how the transition to FRS 101 has affected the reported
financial position, financial performance and cash flows of the Company is provided in note 15.

The Company’s parent undertaking, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ple (formerly Alpha FMC Topco Limited),
includes the Company in its consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements of Alpha
Financial Markets Consulting plc are available to the public and may be obtained from 60 Gresham Street, London,
EC2V 7BB.

In these financial statements, the Company has applied the exemptions available under FRS 101 in respect of the
following disclosures:

e aCash Flow Statement and related notes;

*® Comparative period reconciliations for share capital, tangible fixed assets, intangible assets and investment
properties;

© Disclosures in respect of transactions with wholly owned subsidiaries,
© Disclosures in respect of capital management;
e The effects of new but not yet effective IFRSs;

« Anadditional balance sheet for the beginning of the earliest comparative period following the retrospective change
in accounting policy (see note 15);

© Disclosures in respect of the compensation of Key Management Personnel; and

« Disclosures of transactions with a management entity that provides key management personnel services to the
Company.

The accounting policies set out below have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods

presented in these financial statements.

Judgements made by the Directors, in the application of these accounting policies that have significant effect on the
financial statements and estimates with a significant risk of material adjustment in the next year are discussed in
note 14.


===== page 12 =====
Alpha FMC Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2018

Notes (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)
Ld Measurement convention

The financial statements are prepared on the historical cost basis.
12 Going concern

Notwithstanding net current liabilities of £33,749,000 as at March 2018, the financial statements have been prepared
ona going concern basis which the Directors consider to be appropriate for the following reasons. The Directors have
prepared cash flow forecasts for a period of 12 months from the date of approval of these financial statements which
indicate that, taking account of reasonably possible downsides, the company will have sufficient funds, to meet its
liabilities as they fall due for that period. Those forecasts are dependent on the Company’s ultimate parent company,
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc not seeking repayment of the amounts currently due to the Group, which at
31 March 2018 amounted to £334,936,000. Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc has indicated that it does not
intend to seek repayment of these amounts for the period covered by the forecasts. As with any company placing
reliance on other group entities for financial support, the Directors acknowledge that there can be no certainty that this
support will continue although, at the date of approval of these financial statements, they have no reason to believe
that it will not do so. Consequently, the Directors are confident that the Company will have sufficient funds to continue
to meet its liabilities as they fall due for at least 12 months from the date of approval of the financial statements and
consequently have prepared the financial statements on a going concern basis.

1.3 Foreign currency

Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the Company’s functional currencies at the foreign exchange rate
ruling at the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the balance
sheet date are retranslated to the functional currency at the foreign exchange rate ruling at that date. Non-monetary
assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the
exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies
that are stated at fair value are retranslated to the functional currency at foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates the
fair value was determined. Foreign exchange differences arising on translation are recognised in the profit and loss.

14 Classification of financial instruments issued by the Company

Following the adoption of IAS 32, financial instruments issued by the Company are treated as equity only to the
extent that they meet the following two conditions:

(a) they include no contractual obligations upon the Company to deliver cash or other financial assets or to
exchange financial assets or financial liabilities with another party under conditions that are potentially
unfavourable to the Company; and

(b) where the instrument will or may be settled in the Company’s own equity instruments, it is either a non-
derivative that includes no obligation to deliver a variable number of the Company’s own equity instruments
or is a derivative that will be settled by the Company’s exchanging a fixed amount of cash or other financial
assets for a fixed number of its own equity instruments.

To the extent that this definition is not met, the proceeds of issue are classified as a financial liability. Where the
instrument so classified takes the legal form of the Company’s own shares, the amounts presented in these financial
statements for called up share capital and share premium account exclude amounts in relation to those shares.

15 Non-derivative financial instruments

Non-derivative financial instruments relevant to the Company comprise of investments in subsidiaries, trade and
other debtors, loans and borrowings, and trade and other creditors.

Trade and other debtors

Trade and other debtors are recognised initially at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition they are measured at
amortised cost using the effective interest method, less any impairment losses.

Trade and other creditors

Trade and other creditors are recognised initially at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition they are measured
at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

Investments in subsidiaries

Investments in subsidiaries are carried at cost less impairment.


===== page 13 =====
7 Alpha FMC Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2018

Notes (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)
1S Non-derivative financial instruments (continued)

Interest-bearing borrowings

Interest-bearing borrowings are recognised initially at fair value less attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to
initial recognition, interest-bearing borrowings are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less
any impairment losses.

1.6 Impairment

Financial assets (including trade and other debtors)

A financial asset not carried at fair value through profit or loss is assessed at each reporting date to determine
whether there is objective evidence that it is impaired. A financial asset is impaired if objective evidence indicates

that a loss event has occurred after the initial recognition of the asset, and that the loss event had a negative effect on
the estimated future cash flows of that asset that can be estimated reliably.

An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured at amortised cost is calculated as the difference between
its carrying amount and the present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the asset’s original
effective interest rate. For financial instruments measured at cost less impairment an impairment is calculated as the
difference between its carrying amount and the best estimate of the amount that the Company would receive for the
asset if it were to be sold at the reporting date. Interest on the impaired asset continues to be recognised through the
unwinding of the discount. When a subsequent event causes the amount of impairment loss to decrease, the decrease
in impairment loss is reversed through profit or loss.

Non-financial assets

The carrying amounts of the Company’s non-financial assets, other than [investment property, stocks and deferred
tax assets], are reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any
such indication exists, then the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. For goodwill, and intangible assets that have
indefinite useful lives or that are not yet available for use, the recoverable amount is estimated each year at the same
time.

The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less
costs to sell. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a
pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the
asset. For the purpose of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are Grouped together into the
smallest Group of assets that generates cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash
inflows of other assets or Groups of assets (the “cash-generating unit”).

The goodwill acquired in a business combination, for the purpose of impairment testing, is allocated to cash-
generating units, or (“CGU”). Subject to an operating segment ceiling test, for the purposes of goodwill impairment
testing, CGUs to which goodwill has been allocated are aggregated so that the level at which impairment is tested
reflects the lowest level at which goodwill is monitored for internal reporting purposes. Goodwill acquired in a
business combination is allocated to Groups of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the
combination.

An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable
amount. Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. Impairment losses recognised in respect of CGUs are
allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the units, and then to reduce the carrying
amounts of the other assets in the unit (Group of units) on a pro rata basis.

An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed.

In respect of other assets, impairment losses recognised in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any
indications that the loss has decreased or no longer exists. An impairment loss is reversed if there has been a change
in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the
asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation
or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

i


===== page 14 =====
Alpha FMC Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2018

Notes (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)
1.7 Adopted IFRS not yet applied

The following Adopted IFRSs have been issued but have not been applied in these financial statements. Their
adoption is not expected to have a material effect on the financial statements unless otherwise indicated:

¢ IFRS 9 Financial Instruments (effective for periods commencing on or after 1 January 2018).
e IFRS 15 Revenue from Contract with Customers (effective for periods commencing on or after 1 January 2018).
« IFRS 16 Leases (effective for periods commencing on or after 1 January 2019).

The Directors reviewed the impact that these new standards will have on the Company and do not believe that the
impact will be material. The Company intends to adopt the standards in the reporting period when they become
effective. The following standards are relevant to the Company but were not yet effective. These standards have not
been early adopted by the Company:

IFRS 9 Financial Instruments (effective for periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018)

IFRS 9 changes the classification and measurement of financial assets and the timing and extent of credit provisioning.
The Company has not adopted the standard early. The new categories per IFRS 9 are not expected to have a material
impact on the financial assets as trade receivables will continue to be carried at amortised cost. An expected credit
loss model replaces the incurred loss model. This requires an assessment of the likelihood of default and any potential
loss that may arise in the event of default. The Company does not believe that the new standard would cause a material
change in the provision for bad debts on trade receivables or any other financial assets because of the short-term nature
of the trade receivables and the specific provisions currently being raised for them.

IFRS 15 Revenue from contracts with customers (effective for periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018)

This standard establishes principles for reporting information about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of
revenue and cash flows arising from an entity’s contracts with customers. Revenue would be recognised when a
customer obtains control of a good or service and thus has the ability to direct the use and obtain the benefits from the
good or service. The Company performed an analysis of the new five-step approach to recognise revenue and the
impact on the reporting of revenue for the Company. Based on the analysis performed, the Company found that IFRS
15 will have no significant impact on the recognition and reporting of revenue.

2 Auditor’s remuneration

Auditor's remuneration:

2018 2017
£000 £000
Audit of these financial statements 2 2

Amounts receivable by the Company’s auditor and its associates in respect of services to the Company and its
associates, other than the audit of the Company’s financial statements, have not been disclosed as the information is
required instead to be disclosed on a consolidated basis in the consolidated financial statements of the Company’s
parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc.

3 Staff numbers and costs

The Company had no employees during the current or prior periods.


===== page 15 =====
Notes (continued)

4 Directors’ remuneration

Alpha FMC Group Limited

Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2018

The Directors of the Company are paid out of other entities within the Group. The Directors believe that the value of
their services in respect of the Company, in both the current and prior periods, were negligible and therefore, have

not been disclosed.

5 Taxation

Recognised in the profit and loss account

Current tax
Current tax on income for the period

Total current tax

Deferred tax
Origination and reversal of temporary differences
Change in tax rate

Total deferred tax

Tax on profit

- Reconciliation of effective tax rate

Profit/(loss) for the period
Total tax expense

Profit/(loss) excluding taxation

Tax using the UK corporation tax rate of 19% (2017: 20%)
Recognition of previously unrecognised Group tax losses

Total tax expense included in profit and loss

2018
£000 £000

£000

2018
£000

2017
£000

2017
£000

Reductions in the UK corporation tax rate to 18% (effective 1 April 2020) were substantively enacted on 26 October
2015, and an additional reduction to 17% (effective from 1 April 2020) was substantively enacted on 6 September
2016. This will reduce the Company’s future tax charge accordingly. The deferred tax assets and liabilities at 31

March 2018 have been calculated based on the rates substantively enacted at the balance sheet date.


===== page 16 =====
Notes (continued)

6 Fixed asset investments

Cost

At beginning of the period
Additions

Disposals

At end of the period

Provisions
At beginning of the period
Provided in the period

Atend of the period

Net book value
At 31 March 2018

At31 March 2017

Alpha FMC Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2018

Shares in
Group
undertakings
£000

33,752

33,752

33,752

33,752



===== page 17 =====
Alpha FMC Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2018

Notes (continued)

6 Fixed asset investments (continued)

The Company has the following investments in subsidiaries:

Country of Registered address Principal activity Class and Class and
incorporation percentage of _ percentage of
shares held - shares held —
31 March 2018 31 January 2017
Subsidiary undertakings
Alpha FMC Group UK 1 Group services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Nominees Limited
Alpha Financial Markets UK 1 Intermediate holding 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Consulting Group Limited Company
Alpha Financial Markets UK 1 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Consulting Limited
Alpha Financial Markets France 2 Consultancy services 100%ordinary 100% ordinary
Consulting (France) SA
Alpha Financial Markets USA 3 Consultancy services 100%ordinary 100% ordinary
Consulting Inc
Alpha Financial Markets Luxembourg 4 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Consulting (Luxembourg)
SARL
Alpha Financial Markets Netherlands 5 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Consulting Netherlands B.V.
Alpha Financial Markets Singapore 6 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Consulting Singapore Pte.
Limited
Alpha Financial Markets Switzerland 7 Consultancy services 100%ordinary 100% ordinary
Consulting Switzerland S.A.
Glass Client Programs UK 1 Dormant 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Limited
Alpha Technology Services UK 1 7 Dormant 100% ordinary 100% ordinary

Consulting Limited

Alpha Data Solutions GmbH Germany 8 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 0%
Alpha Financial Markets Hong Kong 9 Consultancy services 100% ordinary na
Consulting Hong Kong
Limited

Notes:

160 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB

2 6 Square de I’ Opera Louis Jouvet, 75009 Paris, France

3.400 Madison Avenue, New York, NY, 10017

4 19/21 route d’Arlon — bloc B, L-8009 Strassen, Luxembourg

5 Zuid-Hollandlaan 7, Den Haag, 2569 AL, The Netherlands

6 6 Raffles Quay, #16-01, Singapore (048580)

7 Rue du Rhone 14-1204 Geneva, Switzerland

8 Mergenthalerallee 73-75, 65760 Eschborn, Germany

9 Level 8 Admiralty Ctr Tower 11, 18 Harcourt Road Admiralty, Hong Kong


===== page 18 =====
Notes (continued)

6 Fixed asset investments (continued)

Subsidiary undertakings

Alpha FMC Group Nominees Limited

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting (France) SA

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Inc

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting (Luxembourg) SARL
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Netherlands B.V.
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Singapore Pte. Limited
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Switzerland S.A.
Glass Client Programs Limited

Alpha Technology Services Consulting Limited

Alpha Data Solutions GmbH

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Hong Kong Limited

7 Debtors

Amounts owed by Group undertakings
Other debtors

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are interest free and are repayable on demand.

8 Creditors: amounts falling due within one year

Amounts owed to Group undertakings

Amounts owed to Group undertakings are interest free and are repayable on demand.

Alpha FMC Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2018

Share capital Profit/(loss) for the

and reserves period
£7000 £7000
6,052 (246)
275 7,716
107 1,199
143 456
214 237
- 150
28 267
40 69
22 352
1 3
2018 2017
£000 £000
1,118 1,184
69 280
1,187 1,464
2018 2017
£000 £000
34,936 19,254
34,936 19,254



===== page 19 =====
Alpha FMC Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2018
Notes (continued)
9 Capital and reserves
Share capital
2018 2017
£000 £000

Allotted, called up and fully paid
1 ordinary shares of £1

Shares classified in shareholders’ funds

Shares classified as liabilities - -

The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one
vote per share at meetings of the Company.

Dividends

After the balance sheet date, the Directors of the Company recommended payment of a final dividend of

£16,475,000 to facilitate the payment of the final Group dividend, paid by the Company’s ultimate parent Company
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc.

10 Contingencies

In the year, the Company was a cross-guarantor for the Beechbrook and Lloyds loans held by Alpha FMC Bidco
Ltd. These loans were fully paid during the year. The Company does not owe any monies in respect of these loans as
at 31 March 2018.

11 Related parties

Identity of related parties with which the Company has transacted

The Company has not engaged in any transactions with any related parties other than with wholly owned
subsidiaries. These transactions have not been disclosed as the Company has taken advantage of exemptions under
FRSI01.

12 Ultimate parent Company and parent Company of larger Group

The Company is a subsidiary undertaking of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc, incorporated in England and
Wales. The ultimate controlling party is Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc.

Both the largest and smallest Group in which the results of the Company are consolidated is that headed by Alpha
Financial Markets Consulting plc, incorporated in England and Wales. The consolidated financial statements of the
Group are available to the public and may be obtained from 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB, or the website

www.alphafmc.com.


===== page 20 =====
4 :

Alpha FMC Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2018

Notes (continued)

13 Subsequent events

Subsequent to the balance sheet date, no material events have been noted.

14 Accounting estimates and judgements

There are no significant sources of estimated uncertainty to disclose.

15 Explanation of transition to FRS 101 from FRS 102
As stated in note 1, these are the Company’s first financial statements prepared in accordance with FRS 101.

The accounting policies set out in note 1 have been applied in preparing the financial statements for the year ended
31 March 2018 and the comparative information presented in these financial statements for the year ended 31 March
2017.

In preparing its FRS 101 balance sheet, the Company has adjusted amounts reported previously in financial
statements prepared in accordance with its old basis of accounting (FRS 102). There has been no material impact
from the transition from FRS 102 to FRS 101 to the Company’s financial position, financial performance and cash
flows. :
