

===== page 1 =====
Alpha FMC Group Limited

Annual report and financial statements

Registered number 08506571
31 March 2020



===== page 2 =====
= a Alpha FMC Group Limited
‘ ‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Contents 7

Company information

Directors’ report
Statement of directors’ responsibilities in respect of the Directors’ rt and the financial statements
“Independent auditor's report to the members of Alpha FMC Group Limited:
Profit and loss account . ‘
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Notes

Caran



===== page 3 =====
Company Information

Directors

Company number

Registered office

Auditor

ENB Fraser
JC Paton

08506571

60 Gresham Street
London
EC2V 7BB

KPMG LLP

St Nicholas House
31 Park Row
Nottingham

NGI 6FQ

Page 1

Alpha FMC Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020


===== page 4 =====
Alpha FMC Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
’ 31 March 2020

Directors’ report
‘The Directors present their report and the audited finasicial statements for the year ended 31 March 2020 (FY 20).

Prisicipal activities :
‘The principal activity of the Company is that of a holding company.

Results and dividend

‘The results for the year are set out in the attached profit and loss accouint,
A dividend payment totalling £7,187,000 was made to the Company's sole shareholder, Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited (FY 19: £24,568,000), to
facilitate the payment of the Group” dividend made by the Company's.ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, to its shareholders.
‘This dividend was facilitated by the receipt in the year of a dividend totalling £7,187,000 from the Company's directly owned subsidiary, Alpha
Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited. The Directors have'not recommended the payment of a final dividend (FY 19: nil).

Directors
‘The Directors who held office during the year were as follows:

ENB Fraser
JC Paton

Political contributions .
‘The Company made no political donations or incurred any political expenditure during the year.

Disclosure of information to auditor

‘The Directors who held office at the date of approval of this Directors’ report confirm that, so far as they are each aware, there is no relevant audit
information of wich the Company's auditor is unaware; and each Director has taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as a Director to make
themselves aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the Company’s auditor is aware of that information.

Auditor
Pursuant to Section 487 of the Companies Act 2006, the auditor will be deemed to,be reappointed and KPMG LLP will therefore continue in office.

4 December 2020

" FY 20s the financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2020. By comparison, FY 19 is the previous financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2019.
2 Geoup refers to the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ple and its subsidiaries.

Page 2


===== page 5 =====
‘Alpha FMC Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the Directors’ report and the financial
statements

‘The Directors are responsible for preparing the Directors’ Report and the financial statements in accordance with applicable law and regulations.
‘Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law they have elected to prepare the financial
statements in accordance with UK accounting standards and applicable law (UK Generally Accepted Accounting Practice), including FRS 101
Reduced Disclosure Framework.

Under company law the Directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of |
affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for that period. In preparing these financial statements, the Directors are required to:

* select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;

‘+ make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

+ assess the Company's ability to continue as a going concem, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern; and

* use the going concem basis of accounting unless they either intend to Vguidate the Company or to cease operations or have no realistic

alternative but to do so.

‘The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the Company's transactions and disclose
with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position ‘of the Company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the
‘Companies Act 2006. They are responsible for such intemal. control as they determine ig necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements

that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have general responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to
them to safeguard the assets of the Company and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.

Page 3


===== page 6 =====
Alpha FMC Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 Mareh 2020

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha FMC Group Limited

Opinion
We have audited the financial statements of Alpha FMC Group Limited (“the company”) for the year ended 31 March 2020 which comprise the
balance sheet, profit and loss account and statement of changes in equity and related notes, including the accounting policies in note 1.

In our opinion the financial statements:

* give a true and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs as at 31 March 2020 and of its profit for the year then ended;

+ have been properly prepared in accordance with UK accounting standards, including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure
Framework; and

+ have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and applicable law. Our responsibilities are
described below. We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and are independent of the Company in accordance with, UK ethical
requirements including the FRC Ethical Standard. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis for our
opinion.

Going concern
‘The Directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concern basis as they do not intend to liquidate the Company or to cease its
operations, and as they have concluded that the Company’s financial position means that this is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no
‘material uncertainties that could have cast significant doubt over its ability to continue as a going concem for at least a year from the date of approval
of the financial statements (“the going concern period”).

We are required to report to you if we have concluded that the use of the going concern basis of accounting is inappropriate or there is an undisclosed
‘material uncertainty that may cast significant doubt over the use of that basis for a period of at least a year from the date of approval of the financial
statements. In our evaluation of the Directors’ conclusions, we considered the inherent risks to the Company's business model and analysed how those
risks might affect the Company's financial resources or ability to continue operations over the going concern period. We have nothing to report in
these respects. b

However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in outcomes that are inconsistent with judgements
that were reasonable at the time they were made, the absence of reference to a material uncertainty in this auditor's report is not a guarantee that the
‘Company will continue in operation.

Directors’ report

‘The Directors are responsible for the Directors’ report. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover that report and we do not express an
audit opinion thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the Directors’ report and, in doing so, consider whether, based on our financial statements audit work, the information
therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with the financial statements or our audit knowledge. Based solely on that work:

* we have not identified material misstatements in the Directors’ report;
‘+ in our opinion the information given in that report Yor the financial year is consistent with the financial statements; and
* in our opinion that report has been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception
Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:
++ adequate accounting records have not been kept, or retums adequate for our audit have not been received from branches not visited by
us; or
+ the financial statements are notin agreement with the accounting revords and returns of
* certain disclosures of Directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or
* we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit.
+ the directors were not entitled to take advantage of the émall companies exemption from the requirement to prepare a Strategic report.

We have nothing to report in these respects.

Directors’ responsibilities

‘As explained more fully in their statement set out on page 3, the Directors are responsible for: the preparation of the financial statements and for being,
satisfied that they give a true and fair view; such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that,
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, assessing the Company's ability to continue as a going concer, disclosing, as
applicable, matters related to going concern; and using the going concem basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to
cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities ‘

‘Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether tie financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due
to fraud or error, and to issue our opinion in an auditor's report. ‘Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but does not guarantee that an audit
conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a muterial misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and
are considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the
basis of the financial statements.

A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC’s website at www.fre.org uk/auditorsresponsibilities.

Page 4


===== page 7 =====
‘Alpha FMC Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha FMC Group Limited (continued)

The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities

‘This report is made solely to the Company's members, as a body, in accondance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006, Our audit work
‘has been undertaken so that wo might state to the Company's members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor’s report and for no
other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept cr assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the Company's
members, as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed,

Ae

Craig Parkin (Senior Statutory Auditor)

for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor

‘Chartered Accountants,

StNicholas House : .
31 Park Row

Nottingham

NGI 6FQ

4 December 2020

Page 5


===== page 8 =====
‘Alpha FMC Group Limited

‘Annual report and financial statements
‘31 Mareh.2020
‘Profit'& loss‘account _
sfor the year ended 31,March 2020
4 FY20 F¥19
+000 “£000
Adininiswative expenses . o
“Operating profit: «
Income :ffom’shares in Group undertakings, 5 24,568
Profit before taxation : 7,187 '24;568
“Taxation: 6. .
Profit for the financial year 7,187

In both the current and preceding yeer, tie Company made ng material acquisitions'and had no discontinued operations.
‘There were no recognised gains or losses in either thie current or preceding year ther than those disclosed in he profit'and loss account, and therefore:
> no separate statement of other comprehensive income has been presented.



===== page 9 =====
Alpha FMC Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2020
Balance sheet
As at 31 March 2020
Asat Asat
Note 31 March 2020 31 March 2019
£000 £000 £000 £000
Non-current assets .
Investments 7 ‘ 33,752 33,752
Amounts owed by Group undertakings 27312
61,064 33,752
‘Current assets
Debtors 8 1,183 21,308
1,183 7 21,308
Current liabilities
Creditors: amounts falling due within one year 9” 62,248) (55,057)
(62,244) (55,057)
Net current liabilities (61,061) (33,749)
Net assets 3 3
Copital and reserves
Called up share capital 10 : 7
Profit and loss account 3 3
Shareholders’ fands , 3 3

‘The notes on pages 9-15 form part ofyhese financial statements. These financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of
Directors gn 4 December 2020. signed on its behalf by:

John ¢ Paton
‘Director

Company registered number: 08506571.

Page 7


===== page 10 =====
Alpha FMC Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2020
Statement of changes in equity
. : Called up Total
share Profit and shareholders’
. capital loss account funds
£000 £000 £000
Asat I April 2018 . 3 3
Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit for the period - (24,568 24,568
‘Transactions with owners, recorded directly in equity
Dividends : (24,568) (24,568)
Balance at 31 March 2019 - 3 3
Asat 1 April 2019 : 3 3
Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit for the period . - 7,187 7,187
Transactions with owners
Dividends (7,187)
Balance at 31 March 2020 - 3 3

Page 8


===== page 11 =====
y : Alpha FMC Group Limited
Annuel report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Notes
(forming part of the financial statements)

1 Accounting policies so 4

‘Alpha FMC Group Limited (the “ Company”) is a Company limited by shares, domiciled and registered in the UK. The registered number is 08506571
and the registered address is 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB.
‘These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework (“FRS 101”).

‘The Company is exempt by virtue of Section 400 of the Companies Act 2006 from the requirement to prepare Group financial statements, These
financial statements present information about the Company as an individual and not about its Group. Further, in accordance with Section 414A(2) of
the Companies Act 2006, the Company has taken the small company exeription from the requirement to prepare a strategic report.

In preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement and disclosure requirements of International Financial
Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU (“Adopted IFRSs”), but makes aimendmeints where necessary in order to comply with Companies Act 2006
and has set out below where advantage of the FRS 101 disclosure exemptions has been taken.

‘The Company’s parent undertaking, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, includes the Company in its consolidated financial statements. The
consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Pe are available tothe public and may be obtained from 60 Gresham Street,
London, EC2V 7BB, or the website investors.alphafme.com.

In these financial statements, the Company has applied the exemptions available under FRS 101 in respect ofthe following disclosures:

* A cash flow statement and related notes;
‘+ comparative period reconciliations for share capital, tangible fixed assets, intangible assets and investment properties;

* disclosures in respect of transactions with wholly owned subsidiaries;

* disctosures in respect of capital management;

* the effects of new but not yet effective IFRSs;

* disclosures in respect of the compensation of Key Management Personnel; and

* disclosures of transactions with a management entity that provides key management personnel services to the Company.

As the consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Pic include the equivalent disclosures, the Company has also taken the
exemptions under FRS 101 available in respect of the following disclosures:

+ IFRS 2 Share Based Payments in respect of group settled share based payments; and
* Certain disclosures required by IFRS 16 Leases in relation to disclosure of the Company's leasing activities.
* Certain disclosures required by IFRS 3 Business Combinations in respect of business combinations undertaken by the Company.
‘The accounting policies set out below have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods presented in these financial statements.

‘There are no judgements made by the Directors, in the application of thesé accounting policies that have significant effect on the financial statements
and estimates wit a significant risk of material adjustment in the next year. .

Ll Measurement convention
‘The financial statements are prepared on the historical cost basis.

12 Going concern
Notwithstanding net current Failte of £61,061,000 as at 31 March 2020 the financial statements have been prepared on a going concem basis which
the Directors consider to be appropriate for the following reasons.

‘The Directors have prepared cash flow forecasts for a period of 12 months from the date of approval of these financial statements which indicate that,
taking account of reasonably possible downsides, the Company will have sufficient funds, to meet its liabilities as they fall due for that period.

‘Those forecasts are dependent on the Company's ultimate parent company, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc not seeking repayment of the
amounts currently due to the other companies controlled by the Group, which at 31 March 2020 amounted to £62,244,000. Alpha Financial Markets
Consulting Ple has indicated that it does not intend to seek repayment of these amounts for the period covered by the forecasts. As with any company
placing reliance on other group entities for financial support, the Directors acknowledge that there can be no certainty that this support will continue
although, at the date of approval of these financial statements, they have no reason to believe that it will not do so.

Consequently, the Directors are confident that the Company will have sufficient funds to continue to meet its liabilities as they fall due for at least 12
months froin the date of approval of the financial statements and therefore have prepared the financial statements on a going concer basis.

Impact of COVID -19
‘The Directors note that the World Health Organisation declared a pandemic relating to COVID-19 on 11 March 2020, and social distancing measures
were introduced in the UK during March 2020. Therefore, the Directors have considered the significance of the economic ramifications of the virus
before the end of the Company's financial year and its potential effect on the financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2020. In particular, the
Directors have assessed the impact of incorporating additional COVID-19 risk factors in applying downside s es in the going concer
assessment over a period of 12 months after the signing of these financial statements. The Directors have also considered the impact of the pandemic
cn the expected credit loss calculation on the Company's intercompany receivables.

The Company is assessed to have sufficient financial resources to continue in operation for at least 12 months on the basis that other Group entities do
not demand repayment of the Companys intercompany loans as disclosed above. The Company also has access to additional funding through other
Group entities, via the Group's revolving credit facility and the strength of the Grou’ cash position at 31 March 2020. Accordingly, the Directors have
adopted the going concem basis in preparing these financial statements.

Page 9


===== page 12 =====
Alpba FMC Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Notes (continued)
1

13 Foreign currency

‘Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the Company's functional currencies at the foreign exchange rate ruling at the date of the
transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the balance sheet date are retranslated to the functional currency at the
foreign exchange rate ruling at that date, Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are
translated using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are stated at
fair value are retranslated to the functional currency at foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates the fair value was determined. Foreign exchange
differences arising on translation are recognised in the profit and loss.

14 Financial instruments

‘The Company uses financial instruments comprising cash and cash equivalents, preference shares, loan notes and other short-term instruments, such as
trade payables that arise from its operations. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to fund the Group’s business strategy and working
capital requirements.

Accounting policies in respect of financial instruments are outlined below.
Financial assets

Financial assets are initially measured at fair value plus or minus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction
costs. The Company has not reclassified any financial assets subsequent to initial recognition as at the balance sheet date. Reclassification of classes of
financial assets is accounted for prospectively in accordance with IFRS 9, where this is required. Any difference on reclassification from amortised cost
to feir value through profit or loss is recognised in the profit and loss at the reclassification date.

Financial assets are assessed at each reporting date to determine a lifetime expected credit loss that reflects the credit risk associated with the portfolio
of assets. A financial asset is impaired in line with the simplified approach under IFRS 9 which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance.

‘An impairment loss in respect of a finencial asset measured at amortised cost is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the
present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the asset’s original effective interest rate. For financial instruments measured at cost less
impairment, impairment is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the best estimate of the amount that the Company would
receive for the asset if it were to be sold at the reporting date. Interest on the impairment asset continues to be recognised through the unwinding of the
discount. Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. When a subsequent event causes thé amount of the impairment to decrease, the decrease in
impairment loss is reversed through statement of comprehensive income.

Amounts owed by Group undertakings fo

‘Amounts owed by group undertakings are recognised initially at air value and subsequently measured at amortised cos, less provision for impairment.
‘A provision for impairment of intercompany receivables is established using an expected credit loss model, The Group classifies all intercompany
receivables that form a part of the normal trading cycle of the Group as current, as well as non-trading balances where the counterparty has sufficient
resources to settle the balance within a twelve month period from the balance sheet date. All other amounts owed by Group undertakings are
considered as non-current assets. This represents a change in accounting policy in the year. All balances were considered current in the comparative
period.

Other debtors
Other debtors are recognised initially at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition they are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
method.

Financial liabilities
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financiol liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities designated upon initial
recognition as at fair value through profit or loss. Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are acquired for the purpose of selling in
the near term. This category includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Company that are not designated as hedging instruments in
hedge relationships as defined by IFRS 9. As at 31 March 2020, the Company had no such financial liabilities.

Amounts owed to Group undertakings
Amounts owed by group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost.

Investments in subsidiaries
Investments in subsidiaries are carried at cost less impairment,

1S Impairment

Financial assets (excluding trade and other debtors).

‘A financial asset not carried at fir value through profit or loss is assessed at each reporting dae to determine whether there is objective evidence that it
is impaired. A financial asset is impaired if objective evidence indicates that a loss'event has occurred after the initial recognition of the asset, and that
the loss event had a negative effect on the estimated future cash flows of that asset that can be estimated reliably.

‘An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured at amortised cost is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the
present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the asset's original effective interest rate. For financial instruments measured at cost less
impairment an impairment is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the best estimate of the amount that the Company would
receive for the asset if it were to be sold at the reporting date. Interest on the impaired asset continues to be recognised through the unwinding of the
discount. When a subsequent event causes the amount of impairment los to decrease, the decrease in impairment loss is reversed through profit or
loss.

Page 10


===== page 13 =====
‘Alpha FMC Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Notes (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)
LS Impairment (continued)
Non-financial assets

‘The carrying amounts of the entity’s non-financial assets, other than deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether there
is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the assets’ recoverable amount is estimated. The recoverable amount of an asset or
ccash-generating unit is the greater ofits value in use and its fair value, less costs to sell. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are
discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market. assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific
to the asset.

For the purposes of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates,
independent cash inflows (he “cashgenerting uni”); that is, cash inflows from continuing use tha are largely independent ofthe cash inflows of
other assets or groups of assets.
‘An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable amount, Impairment losses are
recognised in profit or loss. Impairment losses recognised in respect of CGUs are allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill
allocated to the units and, then, to reduce the carrying amounts of other‘assets in thé’ unit (or group of units) on a pro-rata basis.

‘An impairment loss is reversed if and only if the reasons for the impairment have ceased to apply:

Impairment losses recognised in prior periods are assessed at cach reporting date for any indication that-the loss has decreased or no longer exists. An
impairment loss is only reversed to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined,
net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

16 Provisions

A provision is recognised in the balance sheet when the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, that can be
reliably measured and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation. Provisions are determined by
discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects risks specific to the liability.

47 Taxation
Tax on the profit or loss for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the profit and loss account except to the extent that it
relates to items recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive income, in which case itis recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive
income.

Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the
balance sheet date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years. .

Deferred tax is provided using the balance sheet liability method, providing for temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
abilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxatidn purposes. The amount of deferred tax provided is based on the expected
‘manner of realisation or settlement of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted atthe balance sheet
date.

‘The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and rlduced othe etent that itis no longer probable that sufficient
taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the aiset to be recovered. Deferred tax assets aind liabilities are offset when there is a legally
enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities, and when they-relate to inéome taxes levied by the same taxation authority
and the Company intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basi

18 ‘New accounting standards and interpretations
The Intemational Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) have issued the following standards and
interpretations which are now effective:

+ IFRS 16 Leases (IFRS 16); and

+ IFRIC 23 Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments (IFRIC 23)
‘The Directors reviewed the nature and effet that these new standards have had onthe Company and donot believe that the impacts material. These
standards have been adopted by the Company: ;
IFRS 16 ~ Leases (effective for periods commencing on or after 1 January 2019) "

IFRS 16 Leases is effective for periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019 and is therefore applicable to the current period. This standard replaces
accounting treatment for leases previously depicted in LAS 17. IFRS 16 introduced a single lessee accounting model whereby a lessee is required to

‘There has been no impact in these financial statements from the implementation of IFRS 16, as the Company did not hold teases in the current or prior
year. :
IFRIC 23 - Uncertainty Over Income Tax Treatments (effective for periods commencing on or after 1 January 2019)

The IFRIC 23 ‘Uncertainty Over Income Tax Treatments’ interpretation is effective for accounting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019 and
provides further clarification on how to apply the recognition and measurement requirements in IAS 12 ‘Income Taxes’.

IFRIC 23 has not had a material impact on the financial statements foF the year ended 31 March 2020. *
‘There are no accounting standards that are not yet effective that would be expected to have a material impact on the Company in the current or next
reporting periods. \

Page 11


===== page 14 =====
‘ Alpha FMC Group Limited
- : Annual report an¢ financial statements

31 March 2020
Notes (continued)
2 Auditor's remuneration
Auditor's remuneration:
- FY20 FY19
: £000 £000
Audit of these financial statements 2 2

Amounts receivable by the Company's auditor and its associates in respect of services to the Company and its associates, other than the audit of the
‘Company's financial statements, have not been disclosed as the information is required instead to be disclosed on a consolidated basis in the
consolidated financial statements of the Company’s ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Pic.

3 Staff numbers and costs
‘The Company had no employees during the current or prior periods.

4 Directors’ remuneration

‘The Directors of the Company are paid out of other entities within the Group. The Directors believe that the value of their services in respect of the
‘Company, in both the current and prior periods, were negligible and therefore, have not been disclosed.

5 Income from shares in Group undertakings
FY20 FY19
£000 £000
Dividend income 7,187 24,568
6 Taxation
‘Recognised in the profit and loss account
FY20 FY19
£000 £000 £000 £000
Current tax
Current tax on income for the period . - :
Adjustments in respect of prior periods _ . - -
Total current tax i _ -
Deferred tax : of,
‘Adjustments in respect of prior periods - -
Reconciliation of effective tax rate
FY 20 FY19
£000 £000
Profit for the year , 7,187 24,568
Total tax expense - -
Profit excluding taxation . 7,187 24,568
‘Tox using the UK corporation tax rate of 19% (FY 19: 19%) 1,366 4,668
Non-taxable income 4,366) (4,668)
Total tax expense : :

‘The UX corporation tax rate legislation announced is set to hold the corporation tax rate at 19% for the 2019/20 and 2020/21 tax years. This rate has
been reflected in the calculation of deferred tax for the year ended 31 March 2020.

7 Fixed asset investments
Shares in
Group undertakings
£000
At31 March 2020 & 31 March 2019 33,752

Page 12°


===== page 15 =====
Alpha FMC Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements

3 31 March 2020
Notes (continued)
7 Fixed asset investments (continued)
‘Class and Class and
percentage of percentage of
Country of’ Registered Principal activity shares held- shares held -
Subsidiary undertakings Incorporation address 31March 2020 31 March 2019
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting 7 , ,
Para UK «1 Imermediate holding company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
irre Markets Consulting UK. UK 1 ‘Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Technology Services Consulting UK 1 Dormant 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Alpha Data Solutions Limited UK 1 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Inc. USA | 2 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Markets Consulting France 3 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting S.A. Luxembourg 4 * Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting * , ,
FeAnireeny Netherlands| 5 Consultancy services. 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting . . .
an Switzerland 6 ~—_Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Track Two GmbH Germany © 7 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting. , : A A ‘
Stapieoes Pr Limite Singapore 8 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ; ‘
Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong, 9" Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting . . A eh ordi
lanestia PY Line Australia 10 Consultaney services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Obsidian Solutions Limited UK 1 Consultaney services 100% ordinary ne
Sipha Technology Services Consulting France 3" Consultancy services 100% ordinary ne
Obsidian Alpha Data Solutions LLC Serbia‘ 11 Consultancy services 100% ordinary ne
Notes:
1. 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB
2. 575 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY 10017, USA. ‘

3. 6 Square de L'Opera Louis Jouvet, 75008 Paris, France
4, 19/21 route d’Arlon - bloc B, L-8009 Strassen, Luxembourg

5. Spaces Zuidas, Barbara Strozzilaan 101, 1083 HIN, Amsterdam, The Netherlands
6. Bleicherweg 10, 8002 Zurich, Switzerland :

7. Mergenthalerallee 73-75, 65760 Eschborn, Germany

8. 3A Conway Circle, Singapore 558288 .

9. 20IF., Neich Tower, 128 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong

10, 383-385 George Street, Sydney NSW 2000

11. Belgrade, Serbia at Bulevar kralja Aleksandra no.52

Page 13


===== page 16 =====
Alpha FMC Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements

te 31 March 2020
Notes (continued)
1 Fixed asset investments (continued)
. Share capital Profit/(loss) for
Lo ‘and reserves the period
Subsidiary undertakings £1000 £000
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited. 12,190 10,212
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited 19,170 10,101
Alpha Technology Services Consulting Limited : -
Glass Client Programs Limited . . : -
‘Alpha Data Solutions Limited (1,081) (874)
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Inc. 838 2,210
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting S.A.S. 7,701 1,175
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting S.A. : : 1,550 460
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Netherlands B.V. (403) 69)
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Switzerland S.A. @n (40)
Track Two GmbH (365) 58
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Singapore Pte. Limited 1,068 231
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Hong Kong Limited 12) 9)
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Australia PTY Limited 24 26
Obsidian Solutions Limited . . 356 (95)
Alpha Technology Services Consulting S.A.S 44 -
Obsidian Alpha Data Solutions LLC : -
8 Debtors
. FY20 FY 19
£000 £000
Amounts owed by Group undertakings . 414 21,239
Other debtors 9 0

‘Amounts owed by Group undertakings are interest free and are repayable on demand.

9 Creditors: amounts falling due within one year
. FY20 FY 19
- £000 £000
Amounts owed to Group undertakings 7 62,244 55,057
62,244 55,057

Amounts owed to Group undertakings are either interest-bearing or non interest-bearing depending on the type of the creditor relationship and are
repayable on demand. 5
‘The Group has no intention to request the repayment of amounts owed to other Group entities within the next twelve months.

10 Capital and reserves .
Share capital
FY20 Fy19
£ £
Allotted, called up and fully paid
1 ordinary shares of £1 1 1
1 1
Shares classified in shareholders’ funds . 1 1
1 1

The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the
Company.

Dividends

A dividend payment totalling £7,187,000 was made to the Company's sole shareholder, Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited (FY 19: £24,568,000), to
facilitate the payment of the Group dividend made by the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple, to its shareholders. This
dividend was facilitated by the receipt in the year of a dividend totalling £7,187,000 from the Company's directly owned subsidiary, Alpha Financial
‘Markets Consulting Group Limited. The Directors have not recommended the payment of a final dividend (FY 19: £nil).

Page 14


===== page 17 =====
a, Alpha FMC Group Limited
Aniial report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Notes (continued)

rer Related parties
Identity of related parties with which the Company has transacted

‘The Company has not engaged in any transactions with any related parties other than with wholly owned subsidiaries. These transactions have not been
disclosed as the Company has taken advantage of exemptions under FRS 101.

2 Events after the reporting period

‘The Directors consider that the outbreak of COVID-19 globally represents an adjusting event at the balance sheet date on the basis that the significance
of the social and economic impact was apparent at that date. The Group has therefore considered all conditions up to the date of issuance of the
financial statements as adjusting events. As disclosed in note 1, the impact of COVID-19 has been assessed in relation to: impairment of non-financial
‘assets, going concem (note 1), and expected credit loss. No material impact has arisen as a result of these considerations.

13 Ultimate parent company and parent company of larger Group
‘The Company is a subsidiary undertaking of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, incorporated in England and Wales. The ultimate controlling
party is Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Pl.

Both the largest and smallest Group in which the results of the Company are consolidated is that headed by Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc,
incorporated in England and Wales. The consolidated financial statements of the Group are available to the public and may be obtained from 60
Gresham Street, London, EC2V BB, or the website investors.alphafine.com.

Page 15
