

===== page 1 =====
Alpha FMC Group Limited

Annual report and financial statements

Registered number 08506571
31 March 2022

| a

AB 19/10/2022
COMPANIES HOUSE

|



===== page 2 =====
Contents

‘Company information

Strategic Report

Directors' report

Statement of Directors! responsibilities in respect of the Directors’ report and the financial statements
Independent auditor's report to the members of Alpha FMC Group Limited

Profit and loss account

Balance sheet

Statement of changes in equity

Notes

wee nunane

W


===== page 3 =====
Alpha FMC Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Company Information

Directors ENB Fraser
IC Paton
GA Cook (Appointed 30 June 2022)

Company number 08506571

Registered office 60 Gresham Street,
London,
EC2V 7BB

Auditor KPMG LLP
St Nicholas,
House 31 Park,
Row Nottingham,
NGI 6FQ

Page 1


===== page 4 =====
‘Alpha FMC Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Strategic report

Business review

‘The Company functions as an intermediate holding entity within the wider Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple group (the 'Group"). At31 March
2022 (FY 22%) the Company holds net liabilities of £68,000 (FY 21: £3,000 net assets). The Company has transferred a profit of £12,429,000 (FY
21: £6,000,000) to retained earnings as a result of intercompany dividend income received from the Company's subsidiary Alpha Financial Markets
Consulting UK Lid.

Key performance indicators

‘Working capital management and the sufficiency of assets held across the Group is the primary indicator which is reviewed on a weekly basis to
‘monitor cashflow, liquidity and the recovery of trade receivables.

Each month the Directors review the management accounts for each trading Group undertaking and compare actual performance
Costs, utilisation and fee rates are also reviewed to monitor profitability.

Principal risks and uncertainties

‘The performance of the Company's subsidiaries is subject to only limited risk in the short and medium term as the future pipeline of work is good.
The Company's subsidiaries continue to generate substantial cash after retaining a proportion of profits to fund increased working capital requirements
resulting from growth. Management is mindful of the challenging macro-economic environment, including inflation and the war in Ukraine, and
continues to operate conservative cash management policies. The Directors are plcascd with performance for the year.

Future developments

‘The Company is expected to continue to operate as an intermediate holding company for the Group. No other future developments are foreseen by
the Directors at the balance sheet date.

Section 172 statement

Under Section 172(1) of the Companies Act 2006, « director of a company must act in the way he or she considers, in good faith, would be most likely to
promote the success of the Company for the benefit ofits members as a whole, and in doing so have regard (amongst other matters) to:

‘+ The likely consequence of any decision in the long term;
+ The interests of the Company's employees;
+ ‘The need to foster the Company’s business relationships with suppliers, customers and others;
‘© The impact of the Company’s operations on the community and the environment;
* The desirability of the Company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct; and
* The need to act fairly as between members of the Company.
‘The following disclosure describes how the Directors have had regard tothe matters set out in Section 172(1)(e) to (f) and forms the Directors’ statement under

section 414CZA of the Companies Act 2006. The Company is a holding company and does not have any employees or clients itself, therefore the disclosure
below relates to the Company and its subsidiaries (as listed in note 7 to the financial statements).

‘The Directors remain committed to engaging with al stakeholders and considering their interests when making any strategic decisions.

Engagement with key stakeholders

‘The Board considers its key stakeholders to be its employees, its shareholders, its clients and the communities in which the Company and its subsidiaries
operates. The Board also recognises other stakeholder groups including vendors and suppliers, industry bodies and competitors with whom Alpha works or
associates in the marketplace. The Board understands that engaging with these stakeholders strengthens the Alpha’s business relationships and facilitates its
decision making at an executive level, which is very important for its long-term success.

Employees

Attracting, retaining and developing the very best peopte in the industry is integral to Alpha’s culture and ongoing success. Alpha is commited to providing a
highly rewarding place to work, and to maintaining a unique and inclusive culture thet places people at the heart of the business. To achieve this, there is a
strong emphasis on interaction, open communication and the exchange of proactive insights from the employee base. Employee feedback has always been a
significant component of that picture. An inclusive environment for all employees is encouraged through the prevalence of the Diversity & Inclusion
programme, and employees are incentivised to engage further with the wider objectives of the business through a generous profit share scheme, and a share
incentive plan available to senior management.

Clients

Alpha’s successful business model is built upon keeping clients’ needs at the core of its proposition, which includes the its geographic network, the services it
offers and the types of projects that it delivers. Central to the growth strategy is continuous investment in people, locations and knowledge to help all clients
‘address their challenges and best capitalise on opportunities. Alpha works hard at developing and sustaining long-term client relationships.

+ Group refers to the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc and its subsidiaries.
2 FY 22s the financil year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2022, By comparison, FY 21 isthe previous financial year covering the 12 tnonths to 31March 2021.

Page 2


===== page 5 =====
Alpha FMC Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Strategic report (continued)
Engagement with key stakeholders (continued)

Communities

Alpha is committed to building positive relationships with the communities and environment in which it operates. This includes supporting communities and
‘organisations local and relevant to its operations. It extends to considering how to maximise the benefits and minimise the downsides of its environmental and.
social impacts.

Please refer to pp 32-34 of the Annual Report & Accounts 2022 of the ultimate parent company, Alpha Financia! Markets Consulting Ple, for further
on the above key stakeholders, and the Group's approach to engagement with each class of stakeholder.

Key Director decisions during the year

‘The Directors consider the following to be key decisions and considerations they have made in the year to 31 March 2022.
For further information please refer to p.35 of the Annual Report & Accounts 2022 of the Company's ultimate parent (Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc).

Issued the FY 21 Annual Report and financial statements to ITo ensure compliance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006
shareholders. land the relevant accounting framework.

[To facilitate the payment of Group dividends to the shareholders of the

[The Board agreed the FY 22 interim dividend payable to the Company's oo ne imate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Coneulting le

|parent, Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited.

By order of the Board.
Cc k

John C Paton
Director

12 October 2022

Page 3


===== page 6 =====
Alpha FMC Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Directors’ report
‘The Directors present their report and the audited financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022 (FY 22).

Principal activities
‘The principal activity of the Company is that ofa holding company.

Results and dividend

‘The results for the year are set out in the attached profit and loss account.

A dividend payment totalling £12,500,000 was made to the Company's sole shareholder, Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited (FY 21: £6,000,000), to
facilitate the payment of the Group dividend made by the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, to its shareholders. This
dividend was facilitated by the receipt inthe year ofa dividend totalling £12,500,000 from the Company's directly owned subsidiary, Alpha Financial Markets
Consulting Group Limited, The Directors have not recommended the payment of a final dividend (FY 21: Nil).

Directors

The Directors who held office during the year were as follows:

ENB Fraser

IC Paton

GA Cook (Appointed 30 June 2022)

Political contributions

‘The Company made no political donations and incurred no political expenditure during the year.

‘Employee involvement

Details of how the Company and its subsidiaries engage with employees are set out in the Section 172 statement the Strategic Report on p. 2.

It is the Alphe's policy to give full and fair consideration to all applications for employment including from disabled people, having regard to their
bilities and aptitudes. Full consideration is given to continuing the employment of staff who become disabled, including considering them for other
reasonable positions and arranging appropriate training where required. Alpha aims to provide an inclusive environment for all employees, regardless
of sex, marital status, race, nationality, age, sexual orientation or religion.

Engagement with suppliers and customers

‘The Directors note the importance of fostering strong relationships with customers and suppliers through open communication and having regard
for these relationships in strategic decisions made relating to the Company and its subsidiaries.

Environmental reporting

In accordance with the Companies Act 2006 and HM Government's ‘Environmental Reporting Guidelines’, the Company has not re-disclosed those
disclosures required by the Company's environmental reporting responsibilities (including Streamlined Energy and Carbon reporting) on the basis
that this information is available on our website in the Group's Annual Report & Accounts 2022 on pp.76-80.

Disclosure of information to auditor

‘The Directors who held office at the date of approval of this Directors ' report confirm that, so far as they are each aware, there is no relevant audit
information of which the Company's auditor is unaware; and each: Director has taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as a Director to make
themselves aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the Company's auditor is aware of that information.

Auditor
Pursuant to Section 487 of the Companies Act 2006, the auditor will be deemed to be reappointed and KPMG LLP will therefore continuc in office.

By order of the Board.

cet

John C Paton
Director

60 Gresham Street
London EC2V 7BB

12 October 2022

Page 4


===== page 7 =====
‘Alpha FMC Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the strategic report and the directors’ report
and the financial statements

The Directors are responsible for preparing the strategic report and the Directors’ report and the financial statements in accordance with applicable law
and regulations.

Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law they have elected to prepare the financial
statements in accordance with UK accounting standards and applicable law (UK Generally Accepted Accounting Practice), including FRS 101
Reduced Disclosure Framework.

Under Company law the Directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of
affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for that period. In preparing these financial statements, the Directors are required to:

select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;
+ make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

state whether applicable UK accounting standards have been followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in the
financial statements;

assess the Company's ability to continue as a going concem, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concem; and

+ use the going concem basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.

‘The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the Company's transactions and disclose
with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the
Companies Act 2006. They are responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements
that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have general responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to
them to safeguard the assets of the Company and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.

Page 5


===== page 8 =====
‘Alpha FMC Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022
Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha FMC Group Limited

Opinion

‘We have audited the financial statements of Alpha FMC Group Limited (“the Company”) for the year ended 31 March 2022 which comprise the balance shect, profit
and loss account, statement of changes in equity and related notes, including the accounting policies in note 1.

In our opinion the financial statements:

+ give true and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs as at 31 March 2022 and of its profit for the year then ended;

‘+ have been properly prepared in accordance with UK accounting standards, including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework; and

‘© have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)") and applicable law. Our responsibilities are described below.

We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and are independent of the Company in accordance with, UK ethical requirements including the FRC Ethical
Standard. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis for our opinion.

Going concera

‘The directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concer basis as they do not intend to liquidate the Company or to cease its operations, and as they
have concluded that the Company's financial position means that this is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no material uncertainties that could have
cast significant doubt over its ability to continue as a going concer for at least a year from the date of approval of the financial statements (“the going concern
period”),

In our evaluation of the directors’ conclusions, we considered the inherent risks to the Company's business model and analysed how those risks might affect the
‘Company's financial resources or ability to continue operations over the going concem period.

Our conclusions based on this work:
‘© we consider that the directors’ use of the going concer basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is appropriate;

‘* we have not identified, and concur with the directors’ assessment that there is not, a material uncertainty related to events ot conditions that, individually or
collectively, may cast significant doubt on the Company's ability to continue as a going concern for the going concern period.

However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in outcomes that are inconsistent with judgements that were
reasonable at the time they were made, the above conclusions are not a guarantee that the Company will continue in operation.

ity to detect

Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations
Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to fraud

To identify risks of material misstatement due to fraud (“fraud risks”) we assessed events or conditions that could indicate an incentive or pressure to commit fraud
or provide an opportunity to commit fraud. Our risk assessment procedures included:

© Enquiring of directors as to the Company's high-level policies and procedures to prevent and detect fraud, as well as whether they have knowledge of
any actual, suspected or alleged fraud.

* Reading Board minutes.
‘© Considering remuneration incentive schemes and performance targets for management and Directors.

‘© Using analytical procedures to identify any unusual or unexpected relationships.

We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit team and remained alert to any indications of fraud throughout the audit.

‘As required by auditing standards, we perform procedures to address the risk of management override of controls, in particular the risk that management may be in
1 position to make inappropriate accounting entries. On this audit we do not believe there is a fraud risk related to revenue recognition because there are no revenue
transactions. We did not identify any additional fraud risks.

We performed procedures including:

‘* Identifying journal entries to test based on risk criteria and comparing the identified entries to supporting documentation. These included unusual pairings with
a credit or debit to an account below EBITDA and unusual journals with a credit or debit entry to cash;

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to non-compliance with laws and regulations

We identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the financial statements from our general commercial and
sector experience, and through discussion with the directors and other management (as required by auditing standards), and discussed withthe directors and other
management the policies and procedures regarding compliance with laws and regulations,

‘We communicated identified laws and regulations throughout our team and remained alert to any indications of non-compliance throughout the audit.
‘The potential effect of these laws and regulations on the financial statements varies considerably.

Firstly, the Company is subject to laws and regulations that directly affect the financial statements including financial reporting legislation (including related
companies legislation), distributable profits legislation and taxation legislation, and we assessed the extent of compliance with these laws and regulations as part of
‘our procedures on the related financial statement items.

Secondly, the Company is subject to many other laws and regulations where the consequences of non-compliance could have a material effect on amounts or
disclosures in the financial statements, for instance through the imposition of fines or litigation. We identified the following areas as those most likely to have such
‘an effect: anti-bribery and employment law recognising the financial nature of the Company's activities. Auditing standards limit the required audit procedures to
identify non-compliance with these laws and regulations to enquiry of the directors and other ent and inspection of regulatory and Icgal pC > if
any. Therefore if breach of operational regulations is not disclosed to us or evident from relevant correspondence, an audit will not detect that breach.

Context of the ability of the audit to detect fraud or breaches of law or regulation

‘Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an unavoidable risk that we may not have detected some material misstatements in the financial statements,
‘even though we have properly planned and performed our audit in accordance with auditing standards. For example, the further removed non-compliance with laws
and regulations is from the events and transactions reflected in the financial statements, the less likely the inherently limited procedures required by auditing standards
would identify it.

Page 6


===== page 9 =====
‘Alpha FMC Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Alpha FMC Group Limited (continued)

In addition, as with any audit, there remained a higher risk of non-detection of fraud, as these may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations,
or the override of internal controls. Our audit procedures are designed to detect material misstatement, We are not responsible for preventing non-compliance or fraud
‘and cannot be expected to detect non-compliance with all laws and regulations

Strategic report and directors’ report

“The directors are responsible for the strategic report and the directors’ report. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover those reports and we do not
express an audit opinion thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the strategic report and the directors’ report and, in doing so, consider whether, based on our financial statements audit work, the

information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with the financial statements or our audit knowledge. Based solely on that work:
. ‘we have not identified material misstatements in the strategic report and the directors’ report;

. in our opinion the inforination given in those reports for the financial year is consistent with the financial statements; and

. in our opinion those reports have been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception
Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you

our opinion:

'* adequate accounting records have not been kept, or retums adequate for our audit have not been received from branches not visited by us; or
‘* the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or

‘+ certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or

+ wehave not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit

‘We have nothing to report in these respects.

Directors’ responsibilities

As explained more fully in their statement set out on page 5, the directors are responsible for: the preparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied that
they give @ true and fair view; such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; assessing the Company's ability to continue as a going concem, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
‘concer; and using the going concem basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic altemative
but to do so,

Auditor’s responsibilities

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial ststements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
error, and to issue our opinion in an auditor's report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but does not guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or
in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial statements,

A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC’s website at www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities.
‘The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities

‘This report is made solely to the Company's members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been
undertaken so that we might state to the Company's members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no other purpose. To the
fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the Company's members, as a body, for our audit
work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Ax

Craig Parkin (Senior Statutory Auditor)

for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
Chartered Accountants

St Nicholas House,

ark Row—
Nottingham NGI 6FQ

13 October 2022

Page 7


===== page 10 =====
Alpha FMC Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
Profit & loss account
‘for the year ended 31 March 2022
Year ended ‘Year ended
31 March 31 March
Note 2022 2021
£000 £000
‘Administrative expenses, 2 ® :
Operating profit @ -
Income from shares in Group undertakings 5 12,500 6,000
Profit before taxation 12,498 6,000
‘Taxation 6 @ -
Profit for the fnanctal year 12429 6,000

In both the current and preceding year, the Company made no acquisitions and had no discontinued operations.
‘There were no recognised gains or losses in either the current or preceding year other than those disclosed in the profit and loss account, and therefore no
separate statement of other comprehensive income bes been presented.

The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.

Page 8


===== page 11 =====
‘Alpha FMC Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
Balance sheet
As at 31 March 2022
As at Asat
Note 31 March 2022 31 March 2021
£000 £000 £000 £000
Noo-curreat assets
Tavestments 7 33,752 33,752
Amounts owed by Group undertakings 8 46,636 33312
80,388 61964
Current assets - - -
Debtors 8 291 1,183
21 1,183
Current abilities
Creditors: amounts filing due within one year 9 (80,747) (68244)
(80,747) (68,244)
Net current lisbilities (80,456) (67061)
Net (labilites assets 68) 3
Capital and reserves
Called up share capital 10 - -
Profit end loss account 68) 3
Sharehotders' (defieit)/funds (68) 3

‘The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements. These financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors
on 12 October 2022, They were signed on its behalf by:

c(t

John C Paton
Director

Company registered number: 08506571

Page 9


===== page 12 =====
Statement of changes in equity

‘As at 1 April 2020

Total comprehensive Income for the period
Profit forthe period

‘Transactions with owners
Dividends
‘As at 31 March 2021

Total comprehensive income for the period
Prof forthe period

‘Transactions with owners
Dividends
‘As at 31 March 2022

‘The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.

Page 10

Alpha FMC Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
Called up Total
share Profit and shareholders’
capital loss account (deficity/funds
£000 £000 £000
. 3 3
6,000 6,000
~ i000)
7 3 a
- 12,429 12,429
(12,500) (12,500)
= (68) (68)



===== page 13 =====
Alpha FMC Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022
Notes
(Forming part of the financial statements)

1 Accounting policies

Alpha FMC Group limited (the "Company") is a Company limited by shares, domiciled and registered in the UK. The registered number is 08506571 and
the registered address is 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB.

‘These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework ("FRS 101").

The Company is exempt by viitue of Section 400 of the Companies Act 2006 from the requirement to prepare Group financial statements. These financial
statements present information about the Company as an individual and not about its Group.

{In preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement and disclosure requirements of intemational Financial Reporting
‘Standards ("Adopted IFRSs"), but makes amendments where necessary in order to comply with Companies Act 2006 and has set out below where advantage
of the FRS 101 disclosure exemptions has been taken,

‘The Company's ultimate parent undertaking, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple, includes the Company in its consolidated financial statements, The
consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc are available to the public and may be obtained from 60 Gresham Street,
London, EC2V 7BB, or the website investors.alphafme.com.

In these financial statements, the Company bas applied the exemptions available under FRS 101 in respect of the following disclosures:
*+ a cash flow statement and related notes;
+ comparative period reconciliations for share capital, tangible fixed assets, intangible assets and investment properties,
+ disclosures in respect of transactions with wholly owned subsidiaries;
* disclosures in respect of capital management;
* the effects of new but not yet effective IFRSs;
+ disclosures in respect of the compensation of Key Management Personnel; and
+ disclosures of transactions with a management entity that provides key management personnel services to the Company.
‘As the consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc include the equivalent disclosures, the Company has also taken the
‘exemptions under FRS 101 available in respect of the following disclosures:
+ IFRS 2 Share-Based Payments in respect of group settled share-based payments; and
+ Certain disclosures required by IFRS 16 Leases in relation to disclosure of the Company's leasing activities.
* Certain disclosures required by IFRS 3 Business Combinations in respect of business combination s undertaken by the Company,
‘The accounting policies set out below have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods presented in these financial statements,

‘There are no judgements made by the Directors, in the application of these accounting policies that have significant effect on the financial statements and
estimates with a significant risk of material adjustment in the next year.

wd Basis of preparation
‘These financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost basis, except for certain financial instruments that are measured at fair value.

‘The presentational currency of these financial statements and the functional currency of the Company is pounds sterling. All amounts in these financial
statements have been rounded to the nearest £ 1,000, unless stated otherwise.

12 Going concern

In assessing the Company's ability to continue on a going concem basis for a period of at least 12 months from the approval of these financial statements
(the “going concem period”), the Directors considered the Company's projected cash flows, access to intercompany funding from other Group entities, cash
iquidity and existing undrawn borrowing facilities.

‘Notwithstanding net current liabilities of £80,456,000 as at 31 March 2022, the financial statements of this holding company have been prepared on a going
concem basis, The Directors consider this to be appropriate on the basis of cash flow forecasts prepared for the wider Group, which support the ability of the
‘Company to operate os a going concer. The Group prepared cash flow forecasts covering the going concem period. The Directors of the Group considered
the principal risks and mitigants and analysed a range of cash flow downside scenarios including a “reverse-stress test” scenario, This models the declin
sales that the Group would be able to absorb over the going concern period before utilising all of the existing cash reserves available, The Directors consider
this scenario and the sequence of events that could lead to it to be remote, as it requires annualised revenue reductions of close to 40% compared to the base
case, before modelling any mitigating actions, including cost reductions, Refer to p 136 of the Group's ‘Annual Report & Accounts 2022 for further detail
of these forecasts

‘Tho ability of the Company to settle its liabilities as they fall duc within the going concem period is dependent on the Company's ultimate parent company,
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc not seeking repayment of the amounts currently due to other companies controlled by the Group, which at 31 March
2022 amounted to £80,747,000. ‘The Company also has access to additional funding through other Group entities, via the Group's revolving credit facility
and the strength of the Group's cash position at 31 March 2022. The Group's RCF remains fully undrawn in the going concem scenarios. As with any
company placing reliance on other group entities for financial support, the Directors acknowledge that there can be no certainty that this support will continue

although, at the date of approval of these financial, statements, they have no reason to.believe that it will not do.

‘After careful consideration, the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company's existing resources, supplemented by the support of the wider
Group, are adequate to meet its requirements over the going concem period. On this basis, the Directors consider that it is appropriate to adopt the going
concem basis in preparing the financial statements

413 Foreign currency

Transactions in forcign currencies arc translated to the Company's functional currencies at the foreign exchange rate ruling at the date of the transaction,
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the balance shect date are retranslated tothe functional currency at the foreign exchange
rat € ruling at that date, Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the
exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Non -monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are stat ed at fair value are
retruislated tothe functional currency at foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates the fair value was determined. Foreign exchange differences arising on
translation are recognised in the profit and loss,

Page 11


===== page 14 =====
Alpha FMC Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
Notes (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

Ld Financlal instruments

‘The Company uscs financial instruments comprising intercompany receivables and payables arising from financing activitics across the wider Alpha
Group. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to fund the Group's business strategy and working capital requirements.

Accounting policies in respect of financial instruments are outlined below.

Financial assets
Financial assets are initially measured at fair valuc plus or minus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs.
‘The Company hus not reclassified any financial assets subsequent to initial recognition as at the balance sheet date. Reclassification of classes of financial
assets is accounted for prospectively in accordance with IFRS 9, where this is required. Any difference on reclassification from amortised cost to fair value
‘through profit or loss is recognised in the profit and loss atthe reclassification date.

Financial assets are assessed at each reporting date to determine a lifetime expected credit loss that reflects the credit risk associated with the portfolio
of assets. A financial asset is impaired in line with the simplified approach under IFRS 9 which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance.

An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured at amortised cost is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount und
the present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the asset's original effective interest rate, For financial instruments measured
at cost less impairment, impairment is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the best estimate of the amount thet the Company would
receive for the asset if it were to be sold at the reporting date. Interest on the impairment asset continues to be recognised through the unwinding of
the discount. Impairment losscs are rocognised in profit or loss. When a subsequent event causes the amount of the impairment to decrease, the
decrease in impairment loss is reversed through statement of comprehensive income.

Amounts owed by Group undertakings

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less provision for
impairment,

A provision for impairment of intercompany receivables is established using an expected credit loss model. The Group classifies all intercompany
receivables that form a part of the normal trading cycle of the Group as current, as well as non-trading balances where the counterparty has sufficient
resources to settle the balance within a twelve month period from the balance sheet date, All other amounts owed by Group undertakings are
considered as non-current assets. This represents a change in accounting policy in the year. All balances were considered current in the comparative
period.

Other debtors

Other debtors are recognised initially at fair value, Subsequent to initial recognition they are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
method.

Financial liabilities

Fingncial lisbilitics at fair valuc through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities designated upon initial
recognition as at fair value through profit or loss. Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are acquired for the purpose of selling,
in the near term. This category includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Company that are not designated as hedging instruments
in hedge relationships as defined by IFRS 9. As at 31 March 2022, the Company had no such financial liabilities. Other financial liabilities held by
the Group are recognised at amortised cost.

Amounts owed to Group undertakings
Amounts owed to Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost.

Investments in subsidiaries
Investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost less any provision for impairment. The Company monitor for indicators of impairment at each reporting period,
and a full impairment assessment is performed on an annual basis. The Directors have deemed that no impairment was required in both the current and
prior years.

LS Impairment (non-financial assets)

‘The carrying amounts of the entity's non-financial assets, other than deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether there
is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the assets’ recoverable amount is estimated. The recoverable amount of an asset or
cash-gencrating unit ("CGU") is the greater of its valuc in use and its fair value, less costs to sell. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash
flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the
risks specific to the asset.

For the purposes of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates
independent cash inflows (the "cash-gencrating unit"); that is, cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of
other assets or groups of assets.

‘An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable amount. impairment losses are
recognised in profit or loss. Impairment losses are allocated between the carrying amounts of assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro-rata basis
as a reduction in the value of the asset. An impairment loss is reversed if and only if the reasons for the impairment have ceased to apply.

‘Impairment losses recognised in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indication that the loss has decreased or no longer exists. An
impairment loss is only reversed to the extent that the asset's carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined,
net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

16 Provisions

Provisions are distinct from other liabilities as there is uncertainty over the timing or amount of the cash outflow required to settle the lability. Provisions
are measured atthe present valu ofthe expenditure expected to be required to sete the obligation. These are discounted to present value using an
‘appropriate pre-tax discount rate, where the time value of money is material.

Page 12


===== page 15 =====
Alpha FMC Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
Notes (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)
17 Taxation

‘Tax on the profit or loss for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the profit and loss account except to the extent that it relates to
items recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive income, in which case it is recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive income,

Current tax is the expected tax payable or reecivable on the taxable income or loss for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the balance
sheet date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

Deferred tax is provided using the balance sheet lsbility method, providing for temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. The amount of deferred tax provided is based on the expected manner of
realisation or settlement of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities, using tax rat es enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date,

‘The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that itis no longer probable that sufficient taxable
profit s will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered, Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right
to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities, and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the Company intends
{o settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

18 Dividends
Dividend income
Dividend income is recognised in the profit and loss account on the date the entity's right to receive the dividend is established.

Dividend expense
Dividend expenses are recognised in the statement of changes in equity on the date the entity's right to pay the dividend is established,

19 ‘New accounting standards and interpretations
‘The following changes in accounting policies were applied by the Company in these financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022. These included
the adoption of new standards and interpretations described below.
‘The Intemational Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and IFRS Interpretations Committce (IFRIC) have issued the following standards, amendments and
interpretations which are now effective:

© Interest Rate Benchmark Reform — Phase 2 - (Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16), effective from 1 January 2021;

© — COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021 (Amendment to IFRS 16), effective from 1 January 2021;

‘The Directors reviewed the nature and effect of these new standards on the Company and noted no material impact on the financial statements for the year
ended 31 March 2022.

‘The Directors have considered new standards and interpretations that have been issued but not yet been effective, however have applied the exemption not to
disclose this information under FRS 101.

2 Auditor’s remuneration
FY22 Fy21
£000 £000
‘Audit of these financial statements 2 2

Amounts receivable by the Company's auditor and its associates in respect of services to the Company and its associates, other than the audit of the
Company's financial statements, have not been disclosed as the information is required instead to be disclosed on a consolidated basis in the consolidated
financial statements of the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc.

3 Staff numbers and costs
‘The Company had no employees during the current or prior periods.

4 Directors’ remuneration

The Directors of the Company are paid out of other entities within the Group. The Directors believe that the value of their services in respect of the
‘Company, in both the current and prior periods, were negligible and therefore, have not been disclosed.

s Income from shares in Group undertakings
FY22 FY21
£000 £000
Dividend income 12,500 6,000

Page 13


===== page 16 =====
Notes (continued)

Taxation
Recognised in the profit and loss account

Current tax
(Current tax on income for the period.
Adjustments in respect of prior periods

Total current tax

Deferred tax
‘Adjustments in respect of prior periods

Reconciliation of effective tax rate

Profit forthe yer
Total tax expense

Profit excluding taxation

‘Tax using the UK corporation tax rate of 19% (FY 21: 19%)

‘Nor-taxable income
Adjustments in respect of prior periods

Total tax expense

‘An increase in the UK corporation tax rate from 19% to 25% (effective | April 2023) was substantively enacted on 24 May 2021. An ini

that this change will have an immaterial impact on the Company's future current tax charge.

Alpha EMC Group Limited

On 23 September 2022, the UK Government announced revised plans to hold the rate of UK corporation tax at 19%, cancelling the previous plans to
increase the rate to 25% from 1 April 2023. This revised plan has not yet been substantively enacted and has no impact on the current or deferred tax charge

in the year ended 31 March 2022.

Fixed asset investments

ACSI March 2022 & 31 March 2021

Country of
Substdlary undertakings Tacorporation
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consuling Group Limited UK
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consuling UK Limited UK
‘Alpha Technology Services Consuting Limited UK
‘Apha Date Solutions Lite UK
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consubing Inc. usa
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting S.A.S. France
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting S.A. Luxembourg
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Netherlands B.V. Netherlands
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consulting nd S.A. s

Track Two GmbH Germany
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consubing Singapore Pte. Limited Singapore
‘Alpba Financial Markets Consulting Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong,
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consuling Austrafa PTY Limited ‘Australia
Obsidian Solitons Limited UK
‘Alpha Technology Services Consuting S.A.S France
Obsidian Alpha Data Sobitions LLC Serbia
‘Alpha FM Consuling Canada Inc * Canada
‘Axasys Limited UK
‘Acasys Financial Software Consulting Canada Limited Canada
‘Axasys Consulting USA Ine USA
‘Axxsys Danmark ApS Denmark
‘Alpha Financial Markets Consuling (Insurance) France S.A.S. France
Lionpoint Holdings, Inc. USA
Linnpint Group, LLC UsA
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited UK
Lionpoint Group SA ‘Swizerlnd
LLionpoint Group Pty Limited ‘Australia
innpoint GanbHt Germany

1 Aa Soe nad ange Alig Uta 3 Man 2002.

Page 14

Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022
FY22 FY 21
£000 £000 £000 £000
Cy :
69 .
o :
FYR Fy21
2000 £000
12,429, 6,000
“9 -
12,498 6,000
2,378 1,140,
2,375) (1,140)
7 -
69 -
1 assessment is
Shares fn
Group undertakings
£000
33,782
Class and Class and
percentage of percentage of,
Registered Principal activity shares held - shares held -
address 31March 202231 March 2021
1 termediate hoking company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
1 Consutaney services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
1 Dormant 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
1 ‘Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
2 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
3 Consuttancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
4 Consutancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
5 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
6 ‘Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
7 ‘Consuhancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
8 Consuhancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
9 Consutaney services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
10 Consubancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
' ‘Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
3 ‘Consukancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
1 Consutancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
2 ‘Consukancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
B ‘Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
B ‘Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
4 ‘Consuhancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
15 Consuhancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
3 Consultancy services 100% ordinary NA
16 Consuhancy serves 100% ordinary NA
17 Consuhancy serves 100% ordinary NA
18 Consuhancy services 100% ordinary NA
19 Consuancy services 100% ordinary NA
20 Consutaney services 100% ordinary NA
21 Consutancy services 100% ordinary NA


===== page 17 =====
‘Alpha FMC Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Notes (continued)

1 Fixed asset investments (continued)

Notes:
1. 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB

2. 12 East 4h Street, New York, NY 10017, USA

3. 6 Square de L’Opéra Louis Jouvet, 75009 Pars, France

4, 19721 Route d’ Arion — bloc B, L-8008 Strassen, Luxembourg

5. Spaces Zuides, Barbara Strozaian 101, 1083 HN, Ansterdam, The Netherlands

6B 2002 Barish, Switzerland ~ -
7. Kurt- Blum. Platz 8 63450 Hanau, Germany

8. 6 Raffles Quay #16-01, Singapore 048580

9. 22/F., Neich Tower, 128 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong

10, 383-385 George Street, Sydney NSW 2000

11. Belgrade, Serbia at Bulevar krala Aleksandra no.52

12, Suite 1700, Park Place, 666 Bucrard Street, Vancouver, BC V6C2X8, Canada

13. New Broad Street House, 35 New Broad Street, London, EC2M INH

14 Incorp Services, Inc., One Commerce Center, 1201 Orange Street #600, Wilmington, Deksware 19899
15, Flesketorvet 68, DK-1711 Copenhagen, V Denmark

16. 251 Little Fats Drive, Witmington, DE 19808-1674, USA

17, 8 The Green, Suite A,Dover, Delaware 19901, USA

18, 5 Upper St. Martin's Lane, London, WC2H SEA

19, Rue dltabe 11, 1204, Geneva, Switzerland

20. Ground Floor, 123 Walker Street, North Sydney NSW, 2060, Australia

21. clo KUNZ Rechisanwaite, AntoniterstraBe 14-16, Kéln, S0667, Germany

8 Debtors

FY22 FY2I
£000 £000

‘Amounts owed by Group undertakings 291 14
Other debtors : 6

291 7183

‘The Directors are satisfied that all outstanding amounts from subsidiary group undertakings are recoverable. Expected credit loss in relation to amounts owed by Group
‘undertakings was immaterial in both the current and prior years,

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are interest free and are repayable on demand. The Company classifies all intercompany receivables that form a part of the
normal trading cycle of the Company as current, as well as non-trading balances where the counterpart y has sufficient resources to settle the balance within a twelve-
month period from the balance sheet date. All other amounts owed by Group undertakings are considered as non-current assets. Of a total of £46,927,000 (FY 21:
£34,426,000) of amounts owed by Group undertakings, the Company recognised £46,636,000 (FY 21: £33,312,000) within non-current assets and £291,000 (FY 21:
£1,114,000) within current assets.

9 Creditors: amounts falling due withing one year
FYR Fyai
£000 £000
‘Amounts owed to Group undertakings . 80,747 68,244
80,747 a2

Amounts owed to Group undertakings are either interest-bearing or non interest-bearing depending on the type of the creditor relationship and local regulatory
requirements. At the balance sheet date the majority of these balances are non interest-bearing, All amounts owed to Group undertakings are repayable on demand,

‘The Group has no intention to request the repayment of amounts owed to other Group entities within the next twelve months.

10 Capital and reserves

Share capltal
Fy22 FY2I

Allotted, called up and fully paid
ordinary shares.of £1

‘The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the Company.

Dividends

A dividend payment totalling £12,500,000 was made to the Company's sole shareholder, Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited (FY 21: £6,000,000), to facilitate the
payment of the Group dividend made by the Company's ultimate parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Pic, to its shareholders. This dividend was facilitated by
the receipt in the year of a dividend totalling £12,500,000 from the Company's directly owned subsidiary, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited. The
Directors have not recommended the payment of a final dividend (FY 21: £nil).

Page 15


===== page 18 =====
. ‘Alpha FMC Group Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Notes (continued)

1 Related parties
Identity of related parties with which the Company has transacted

‘The Company has not engaged in any transactions with any related parties other than with wholly owned subsidiaries. These transactions have not been
disclosed as the Company has taken advantage of exemptions under FRS 101.

12 Ultimate parent company and parent company of larger Group

‘The Company is a subsidiary undertaking of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, incorporated in England and Wales. The ultimate controlling party
is Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc.

Both the largest and smallest Group in which the results of the Company are consolidated is that headed by Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc,
incorporated in England and Wales. The consolidated financial statements of the Group are available to the public and may be obtained from 60 Gresham.
Street, London, EC2V 7BB, or the website investors.alphafmc.com.

Page 16
