

===== page 1 =====
keine!

Independent auditor’s report te Alpha FMC Topco Limited for the purpose of section
92 (1) (b) and (c) of the Companies Act 2006

Opinions
We have audited the balance sheet and related notes of Alpha FMC Topco Limited as at 3 October 2017, including the accounting
policies in note 1.

Opinion concerning proper preparatton of balance sheet
In our opinion the balance sheet and related notes as at 3 October 2017 have been properly prepared in accordance with the
provisions of the Companies Act 2006 that would have applied had the balance sheet been prepared for a financial year of the
company.

Statement on net assets
In our opinion, at 3 October 2017 the amount of the company’s net assets (within the meaning given to that expression by section
831(2) of the Companies Act 2006) was not less than the aggregate of its called-up share capital and undistributable reserves.

Basis for opinions

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)") and applicable law. Our
responsibilities are described below. We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and are independent of the company in
accordance with, UK ethical requirements including the FRC Ethical Standard. We belicve that the audit evidence we have
obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis for our opinion.

Going concern
We are required to report to you if we have concluded that the use of the going concem basis of accounting is inappropriate or
there is an undisclosed material uncertainty that may cast significant doubt over the usc of that basis for a period of at least twelve
months from the date of sppraval of the balance sheet. We have nothing to report in these respects.

Directors’ responsibilities

Asset outon page I, the directors are responsible for preparing the balance sheet and related notes in accordance with the provisions
of the Companies Act 2006 that would have applied if it had been prepared for a financial year of the company, with such
modifications as are necessary by reason of that fact. ‘The financial reporting framework that has been applied in their preparation
is applicable Jaw and UK accounting standards, including FRS 102 The Financial Reporting Standard applicable in the UK and
Republic of Ireland.

‘The directors are also responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to cnable the preparation ofa balance
sheet that js free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; assessing the company’s ability to continue as a going
concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern; and using the going concern basis of accounting unless they
either intend to liquidate the company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so,

Auditor’s responsibilities

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the balance sheet is free from material misstatement, whether due
lo fraud or error, and (o issue our opinion in an auditor's report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but does not
guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably
be expected to influence the economic decisions of uscrs taken on the basis of the financial statement.

A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC’s website at www. fic. ore ub/auditorsresponsibilities.

Our responsibilities also include forming an independent opinion concerning the relationship between the company's net assets
and its called-up share capital and distributable reserves at the balance sheet date.

_ The purpose of our work and to whom we owe our responsibilities
This report is made solely to the company in accordance with section 92 (1) (b) and (c) of the Companies Act 2006. Our work has
been undertaken so that we as the company’s auditor might state to the company those matters we are required to state to it ina
report under section 92 (1) {b) and {c) of that Act and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept
or assume responsibitily to anyone other than the company for our work under seclion 92 (1) (b) and (c) of that Act, for this report,
or for the opinions we have formed.

Mark Fiakagan
For and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
Chartered Accountants

St Nicholas House, Park Row, Nottingham, NG1 6FQ.

3 October 2017

WEDNESDAY

04/10/2017
COMPANIES HOUSE

*L6GDCMOB* °
LD1 0

‘
|

#7
