

===== page 1 =====
Company number 09965297
PRIVATE COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES

WRITTEN RESOLUTIONS

MONDAY

Mult

19/02/2018 #150

of COMPANIES HOUSE

ALPHA FMC TOPCO LIMITED {the "Company"}
1 OCTOBER 2017 (the “circulation Date”)

Pursuant to Chapter 2 of Part 13 of the Companies Act 2006 (the "2006 Act"), the directors
of the Company propose that the resolutions below are passed as ordinary resolutions and
special resolutions, as indicated (the "Resolutions").

The actions approved by each of the Resolutions will, if passed, take effect immediately on
admission of the Company's ordinary shares to trading on the AIM market of the London
Stock Exchange ("Admission") If Admission has not occurred by 31 October 2017 the
authority given by these Resolutions (if passed) shall automatically and immediately lapse,
and shall cease to be of any further force and effect.

SPECIAL RESOLUTIONS
RESOLUTION 1

THAT, subject to and with effect from Admission, the directors of the Company (the
“Directors") be generally and unconditionally authorised to allot shares in the Company and
to grant rights to subscribe for or convert any security into shares in the Company
Rights"):

(a) up to an aggregate nominal amount of £23,226.61 (such amount to be reduced by
any allotments or grants made under paragraph (b) below in excess of such sum);
and

(b) comprising equity securities (as defined in the Companies Act 2006 ("2006 Act"}) up
to a nominal amount of £46,453 23 (such amount to be reduced by any allotments or
grants made under paragraph (a) above) In connection with an offer by way of a
rights issue:

{i) to ordinary shareholders in proportion (as nearly as may be practicable) to
their existing holdings; and

tii) to holders of other equity securities as required by the rights of those
securities or as the Directors otherwise consider necessary or appropriate,

so that the Directors may make such exclusions or other arrangements as they deem
necessary or appropriate in relation to fractional entitlements, legal or practical
problems under the laws of, or the requirements of any relevant regulatory body or
stock exchange in, any territory, or any matter whatsoever, on the following terms:

1. this authority expires (unless previously renewed, varied or revoked) on the

date of the Company's next annual general meeting ("AGM") or, if earlier, 34
December 2018;

014-3819-3213/1/EUROPE



===== page 2 =====
2. the Directors are entitled to make offers or agreements before the expiry of
such authority which would or might require shares to be allotted or Rights to
be granted after such expiry and the Directors shall be entitled to allot shares
and grant Rights pursuant to any such offer or agreement as if this authority
had not expired; and

3. the authority is in substitution for all existing unused authorities.
SPECIAL RESOLUTIONS.
RESOLUTION 2

THAT, subject to and with effect from Admission, the Directors be authorised to allot equity
securities (as defined in the 2006 Act) for cash under the authority given by that resolution
and/or to sell ordinary shares held by the Company as treasury shares for cash as if section
561 of the 2006 Act did not apply to any such allotment or sale, such authority to be limited

(a) to the allotment or sale of equity securities in connection with an offer of securities
(but in the case of the authority granted under paragraph (b) of resolution 2 by way of
rights issue only) in favour of ordinary shareholders where the equity securities
respectively attributable to the interests of the ordinary shareholders (other than the
Company) are proportionate (as nearly as may be) to the respective numbers of
ordinary shares held by them and holders of other equity securities as required by
the rights of those securities or as the Directors otherwise consider necessary or
appropriate, subject to such exclusions or other arrangements as the Directors may
deem necessary or expedient In relation to fractional entitlements, legal or practical
problems under the laws of, or the requirements of any relevant regulatory body or
stock exchange in, any territory, or any other matter; and

(b) to the allotment of equity securities or sale of treasury shares (otherwise than under
paragraph (a) above) up to a total nominal value of £3,483.99 (ar, if lower, the
amount which Is equa! to five per cent. of the aggregate nominal value of the ordinary
shares in the capital of the Company in issue immediately following Admission);

such authority to expire at the end of the Company's next AGM or, if earlier, 31 December
2018 but, in each case, prior to its expiry the Directors may make offers, and enter into
agreements, which would, or might, require equity securities to be allotted (and treasury
shares to be sold) after the authority expires and the Directors may allot equity securities
(and sell treasury shares) under any such offer or agreement as if the authonty had not
expired.

RESOLUTION 3

THAT, subject to and with effect from Admission, the Directors be authorised in addition to
any authority granted under resolution 3 to allot equity securities (as defined in the 2006 Act)
for cash under authority given by that resolution and/or to sell ordinary shares held by the
Company as treasury shares for cash as if section 561 of the 2006 Act did not apply to any
such allotment or sale, such authority to be:

{a) __ limited to the allotment of equity securities or safe of treasury shares up to a nominal
amount of £3,483.99 (or, if lower, the amount which is equal to five per cent. of the
aggregate nominal value of the ordinary shares in the capital of the Company in
issue immediately following Admission); and

014-2819-3219 EUROPE



===== page 3 =====
{b) used only for the purposes of financing (or refinancing if the authority is to be used
within six months after the original transaction) a transaction which the Directors
determine to be an acquisition or other capital investment of a kind contemplated by
the Statement of Principles on Oisapplying Pre-Emption Rights most recently
published by the Pre-Emption Group prior to the date of Admission,

such authority to expire at the end of the Company's next AGM or if earler, 31 December
2018 but, in each case, prior to its expiry the Directors may make offers and enter into
agreements which would or might require equity securities to be allotted (and treasury
shares to be sold) after the authority expires and the Directors may allot equity securities
(and sell treasury shares) under any such offer or agreement as if the authority had not
expired.

RESOLUTION 4

THAT, subject to and with effect from Admission, the Company be generally and
unconditionally authorised to make market purchases (as defined in section 693(4) of the
2006 Act) of its own shares up to an aggregate number of 9,290,646 ordinary shares (or, if
lower, the amount which is equa! to ten per cent. of the number of ordinary shares in the
capital of the Company in issue immediately following Admission) from the date this
resolution is passed to the conclusion of the next AGM or, if earlier, 31 December 2018
subject to the following conditions:

(a) the minimum price per ordinary share, exclusive of any expenses payable, is
£0.00075 pence;

(b) the maximum price per ordinary share, exclusive of expenses shall be the higher of.

(0) 105 per cent of the average market value of an ordinary share in the
Company for the five business days immediately preceding the day on which
such share is contracted to be purchased; and

(il) the value of an ordinary share calculated on the basis of the higher of the
price quoted for:

(A) _ the last independent trade of; and
(B) the highest current independent bid for,

any number of the Company's ordinary shares on the trading venue where the
purchase is carried out.

(c) the Company shall be entitled, before the expiry of this authority, to enter into any
contract for the purchase of its own shares which might be executed and completed
wholly or partly after such expiry and to make purchases of its own shares in
pursuance of any such contact or contracts.

RESOLUTION &
THAT, subject to and with effect from Admission, the draft articles of association attached to
these resolutions at Annex 4 (the "Listed Company Articles") be approved and adopted as

the articles of association of the Company in substitution for and to the exclusion of the
existing articles of association.

014-9919-3213/1/EUROPE,



===== page 4 =====
AGREEMENT

Please read the notes at the end of this document before signifying your agreement to the
Resolutions.

The undersigned, the persons entitled to vote on the above Resolutions hereby irrevocably
agree to the Resolutions:

Date  L.OCTORER...2017.....

Date setenessenee

acting in his capacity as a member of Dunedin
LLP acting in its capacity as designated member
of Dunedin (General Partner Il) LLP acting in its
capacity as genera! partner of Dunedin Buyout
Fund {11 LP

014-3619-3213/1/EUROPE


===== page 5 =====
AGREEMENT

Please read the notes at the end of this document before signifying your agreement to the
Resolutions.

The undersigned, the persons entitled to vote on the above Resolutions hereby irrevocably
agree to the Resolutions:

Date

whe k tee? vue = Date’ = OCTDRER..2017...
Dunedin Buyout Fund Ill L P.

014-3019-9213/4/EUROPE



===== page 6 =====
NOTES

1

You can choose to agree to all the Resolutions or none of them but you cannot agree
to only one of the Resolutions. If you agree to all of the Resolutions, please indicate
your agreement by signing and dating this document where indicated opposite your
name above and returning it to the Company using one of the following methods’

* By Hand: delivering the signed copy to the registered office of the Company.

« By Post: returning the signed copy by post to the registered office of the
Company.

If you do not agree ta the Resolutions, you do not need to do anything: you will not
be deemed to agree if you fail to reply.

Once you have indicated your agreement to the Resolutions, you may not revoke
your agreement.

Unless, by 28 days from the Circulation Date {as defined above). sufficient
agreement has been received for the Resolutions to pass, they will lapse. If you
agree to these Resolutions, please ensure that your agreement reaches us before or
during this date

In the case of joint holders of shares, only the vote of the senior holder who votes will
be counted by the Company. Seniority is determined by the order in which the
names of the joint holders appear in the register of members.

If you are signing this document on behalf of a person under a power of attorney or other
authority please send a copy of the relevant power of attorney when returning this document.

t4-3819-3219/1/EUROPE



===== page 7 =====
THE COMPANIES ACT 2006
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION OF ALPHA FINANCIAL MARKETS
CONSULTING PLC
(adopted by special resolution passed on 2017)

‘Squire Patton Boggs (UK) LLP
7 Devonshire Square

London

EC2M 4YH

United Kingdom

DX 136546 Bishopsgate 2

0 +44 20 7655 1000
F +44 20 7655 1001

Reference CAE 005-0004

014-3684-7219/1/EUROPE


===== page 8 =====
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
7
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25

26

CONTENTS

EXCLUSION OF OTHER REGULATIONS .......... 2c. ceseececeeee ce ee eee eeneneteteeeeeeteneaseees 1

DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION ........ccccccsssecssseseessseeceeeneessssceseanerenssesraneessess 1

REGISTERED OFFICE

LIMITED LIABILITY 00.0... ce scessesseetceseecceseeesetesesesesestenacsnssenesacsesssisnenecsesanesaneceeeeneese 4
CHANGE OF NAME... ccccsccssesssssseeseeeseesenssssnenesessensaeecenesssnersnesnceseseneneecanseeteneanee 4

VARIATION OF RIGHTS. ..........ccccccscccceccessneneessensnsrsesenesanesenesenesaenseessasaerensessssaeareeses

ALLOTMENT OF SHARES .........ccccccececcccccceeseseseseneneneneesteeetenesneseaeateecanetatecaeateenes 6
SHARES IN UNCERTIFICATED FORM.........-..-:::::ccccsescseseeeeeeseeessceneeeteeeeeseneeneanens 7
SHARE CERTIFICATES

LIEN oo ececccecceseeetencssseesseecscasseesaeieseeessessssssesscneretennieenenticeteeeesenenseanenseecaeetentine 10
CALL ON SHARES 0.0... cece cee ceceeee tens censesneesenesseesesseeenensnensienssteacseeessseaenenes 410
FORFEITURE .........cecccc cece cecteees eee seeereenscaesnsesensecneaeieaenenenaneneneneeecsreeseeenesatisenenee® 11
TRANSFER OF SHAREG.........cccscccscssessesseesseescceseeeesseeeeneeeaesesenenecsrseeataesanereeesartaes 13
TRANSMISSION OF SHARES.........cccccccccceccsesseerseseeeescsesenesceesseersssanecsesanscsssnserenes 14
ALTERATION OF SHARE CAPITAL ......ccccccsscsceersesetsseteeteeseeeneesnsnssneaenseenseeeneaes 14

PURCHASE OF OWN SHARES ...............

GENERAL MEETINGS... cccecccesccecceneeecenseceseseerscaesenenenenenenenenssentseserenensnecaeatats 15

NOTICE OF GENERAL MEETINGS

PROCEEDINGS AT GENERAL MEETINGS ......0......cccccccsseecsee estes sees eeteee tenes eeeeneee 16
VOTES OF MEMBERS ...........c.ccccsccsesssesseeseesnenenecsessaesesessaeesaesenensseenssnesenesansensarane 19
POWERS OF THE BOARD .........-.....:cccccescceccesceessetenesenesenensnceeneceieeseeeneeneneseeenneeeee 26
BORROWING POWERS. ........cccsssssssssesceseseeceesseeeeneseseeneaeeceeecsneeeeencanenenereneaeernesiees 26
NUMBER AND QUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORG..........::cccccceeesseteenereteeeteseeeeeeces 26
ELECTION, APPOINTMENT AND RETIREMENT BY ROTATION..........ccscseseevees 26

RESIGNATION AND REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS

014-3684-7219/1/EUROPE


===== page 9 =====
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34

35

36
37
38
39
40
41
42

43

45
46
47
48
49
50
51

52

VACATION OF OFFICE ..........scceccssessessneecstssesesnseneseensasaneasansnessssassarsnsssessssssasansnees 28
REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS .............cccscccceccesesteestesesestestseaseeuesssnsseeseceseseeees 28
CHIEF EXECUTIVE, MANAGING AND EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS .........ccceceee 29
ASSOCIATE AND OTHER DIRECTORS .........-::scccecsccssesestseeteseseeeeteecssessenseeeseeeees BO
DIRECTORS' GRATUITIES AND PENSIONS... cccsceecscessssesceeseeeeseeneneeeeenes 30

ALTERNATE DIRECTORS

PROCEEDINGS OF THE BOARD .........scsccccesessssstsessssessesnssseseseseseenearssessssanensatenty 31

DIRECTORS! INTERESTS........ccccccsccscsessecstecsessneassnsseeueaessseecesesesteeeeseseecsnsenenanteses 32

SECRETARY ..
MINUTES ..0.o ooo cece ceccceetesesenesseneasseesenasesssesanssneesssssuesesnsnssngucesseanseneerecseevesarensenees 36

ACCOUNTING RECORDS, BOOKS AND REGISTERS ........c-scsesseesceresereeeteesenee 37

AUTHENTICATION OF DOCUMENTS .........ccsccstecestesessesseeseetesesnsnseeesesssnesseneieneees 38
RECORD DATES. .........secccsestesssesseeresceeensesesseeeceseeseenssssesissnesssesasssseeseseanesseneaseentenes 38
DIVIDENDS... ccsesesssenstetesssesseensseecsnsnsaenesssnssecssscsseessassnsnesesassssessesasseassicscscenesees 38
RESERVES... .secsecscssestesccsceseseeener sees censsenssessesssassnenesesseseenssesnanseeeesseaneesensnseeeaeeesets 42
CAPITALISATION OF PROFITS ..........:ccccscccssesseseseeeecesesseseeneseaeneaseneeeseneeussensenens 42
NOTICES 20.0. eeeeeecectesseeseeseeseeeesscenesnssceanenssessesisssieessensssseanesseneesscassnsaransnesseseeseeneene 43
UNTRACED MEMBERS..

DESTRUCTION OF DOCUMENTS........:ccscssnssssseeesnesssiessstesesssesesseseeesesssntscsreree: AB

WINDING-UP..

INDEMNITY. .......ecscscesessescesstssestssserescassesnensssscssscavansssasessseasesnanssesessesesasaesscaeecaneees 50

INSURANCE 0... sseeccesteseesetetesneseereneessesnensneseeeessananssesssissianssesassesesseseeneaceneseeseeess 50

NOMINATION NOTICES. .....0......ccsececcecccseneeeseseesteeeeeeseseeeseessasneneussasensaseasuesnseseeenee 51
=3-

014-3684-7219/1/EUROPE


===== page 10 =====
21

THE COMPANIES ACT 2006
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
of
ALPHA FINANCIAL MARKETS CONSULTING PLC
{Company Number: 09965297)
(adopted by special resolution passed on 2017)

EXCLUSION OF OTHER REGULATIONS

This document comprises the articles of association of the Company and no regulations set
out in any statute or statutory instrument concerning companies including, without prejudice to
such generality, the regulations contained in the Companies (Model Articles) Regulations
2008, shall apply as articles of association of the Company.

DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

In these Articles, the following expressions have the following meanings unless the context
otherwise requires:

"Act" means the Companies Acts (as defined in section 2 of the Companies Act 2006),
insofar as they apply to the Company.

"Address" in relation to Electronic Communications, includes any number or address
(including, in the case of any Uncertificated Proxy Instruction permitted in accordance with
these Articles, an identification number of a participant in the Relevant System concerned)
used for the purposes of such Communications.

"Articles" means these articles of association as altered from time to time.

"Auditors" means the auditors for the time being of the Company.

"Board" means the board of directors of the Company or the Directors present at a duly
convened meeting of the Directors at which a quorum is present.

"Clear Days" means in relation to the periad of a notice, that period calculated in accordance
with section 360 of the Act.

"Communication" has the same meaning as in section 15 of the Electronic Communications
Act.

"Company" means [Wolf] plc.

“Company's Website" means the web site, operated or controlled by the Company, which
contains information about the Company in accordance with the Statutes.

“Competent Authority" means the designated competent authority for the purposes of Part
VI of FSMA.

“Daily Official List" means the publication issued daily by the London Stock Exchange of
share prices of listed securities.

“Directors” means the directors of the Company for the time being.

014-3684-7219/1/EUROPE


===== page 11 =====
"Elected" means elected or re-elected.

“Electronic Address" means any number or address used for the purposes of sending or
receiving notices, documents or information by electronic means.

"Electronic Communication" has the same meaning as in section 15 of the Electronic
Communications Act.

"Electronic" means has the same meaning as in the Electronic Communications Act.

"Electronic Communications Act” means the Electronic Communications Act 2000 (as
amended from time to time).

"FSMA" means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended from time to
time).

"Group" means the Company and its subsidiary undertakings for the time being.

"Holder" means in relation to shares, the member whose name is entered in the Register as
the holder of the shares.

"in electronic form" means in a form specified by section 1168(3) of the Act and otherwise
complying with the provisions of that section.

"Information Rights" means has the meaning given to such expression in section 146(3) of
the Act.

"Joint Holder" means in relation to shares, any two or more members whose names are
jointly entered in the Register as the joint holders of the shares.

"Listing Rules" means the Listing Rules issued and maintained by the Financial Conduct
Authority under Part VI of FSMA.

"London Stock Exchange" means London Stock Exchange plc.

“Member” means a member of the Company.

“Month” means calendar month.

“Nomination Notice” means a notice given by a Member that another person is entitled to
enjoy Information Rights and to receive Shareholder Information which that Member is
entitled to enjoy or to receive.

"Office" means the registered office for the time being of the Company.

"Operator" means a person approved under the Regulations as Operator of a Relevant
System.

“Paid up” means paid up or credited as paid up.

"Recognised Person” means a recognised clearing house acting in relation to a recognised
investment exchange, or a nominee of a recognised clearing house acting in that way, or a
nominee of a recognised investment exchange.

“Register” means the register of members of the Company and shall, so long as the
Regulations so permit or require, include so far as relevant a related Operator register of
members.

“Relevant Class" has the meaning given in Article 9.3.
-2-

014-3684-7219/1/EUROPE


===== page 12 =====
2.2

2.3

24

2.5

“Relevant System" means in relation to a share, a computer-based system, and procedures,
which enable title to units of a security to be evidence and transferred without written
instrument, and which facilitate supplementary and incidental matters.

"Regulations" means the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001 (SI 2001 No
2001/3755) (as amended from time to time).

"Seal" means the common seal (if any) of the Company and an official seal (if any) kept by
the Company by virtue of section 50 of the Act, or either of them as the case may require.

"Secretary" means the secretary of the Company or any other person appointed to perform
any of the duties of the secretary of the Company including a joint, temporary, assistant or
deputy secretary,

“Shareholder Information" means notices, documents or information which the Company
wishes or is required to communicate to shareholders including, without limitation, annual
reports and accounts, summary financial statements, notices of meetings and proxy forms.

"Statutes" means the Act and every other statute (including any orders, regulations or other
subordinate legislation made under them) for the time being in force concerning companies
and affecting the Company (including, without limitation, the Electronic Communications Act).

“Uncertificated Proxy Instruction" means a properly authenticated dematerialised
instruction, and/or other instruction or notification, which is sent by means of the Relevant
System concerned and received by such participant in that system acting on behalf of the
Company as the Directors may prescribe, in such form and subject to such terms and
conditions as may from time to time be prescribed by the Directors (subject always to the
facilities and requirements of the Relevant System concerned)

"United Kingdom” means Great Britain and Northern Ireland.

“Website Communication” means the publication of a notice or other Shareholder
Information on the Company's Website in accordance with Part 4 of Schedule 5 to the Act;
and

“Year” means calendar year.

References to writing include references to printing, typewriting, lithography, photography and
any other mode or modes of presenting or reproducing words in a visible and non-transitory
form whether sent or supplied in electronic form or made available on a website or otherwise.

Words importing one gender shall {where appropriate) include any other gender and words
importing the singular shall (where appropriate) include the plural and vice versa.

Any words or expressions defined in the Act, the Electronic Communications Act or the
Regulations shall, if not inconsistent with the subject or context and unless otherwise
expressly defined in these Articles, bear the same meaning in these Articles save that the
word company shall include any body corporate.

References to:

(a) mental disorder mean mental disorder as defined in section 1 of the Mental Health
Act 1983 or the Mental Health (Scotland) Act 1984 (as the case may be);

(b) any statute, regulation or any section or provision of any statute or regulation, if
consistent with the subject or context, shall include any corresponding or substituted

014-3684-7219/1/EUROPE


===== page 13 =====
61

62

63

statute, regulation or section or provision of any amending, consolidating or
replacement statute or regulation;

(ce) executed include any mode of execution;
{d) an Article by number are to a particular Article of these Articles;

(e) a meeting shall be taken as not requiring more than one person to be present if any
quorum requirement can be satisfied by one person;

(fy a person include references to a body corporate and to an unincorporated body of
persons;

(g) a share (or to a holding of shares) being in uncertificated form or in certificated form
are references respectively to that share being an uncertificated unit of a security or a
certificated unit of a security provided that any reference to a share in uncertificated
form applies only to a share class which is, for the time being, a participating security,
and only for so long as it remains a participating security; and

(h) a cash memorandum account is to an account so designated by the Operator of the
Relevant System concemed.

REGISTERED OFFICE
The Office is to be situated in England and Wales.
LIMITED LIABILITY

The liability of the Members is limited to the amount, if any, unpaid on the shares held by
them.

CHANGE OF NAME

The Company may change its registered name in accordance with the Statutes or by majority
decision of the Board.

SHARE CAPITAL

Subject to the provisions of the Statutes and without prejudice to the rights attaching to any
existing shares or class of shares, any share may be issued with such preferred, deferred or
other special rights or such restrictions as the Company may from time to time by ordinary
resolution determine or, if the Company has not so determined, as the Directors may
determine.

In the event that rights and restrictions attaching to shares are determined by ordinary
resolution pursuant to Article 6.1, those rights and restrictions shall apply, in particular in
place of any rights or restrictions that would otherwise apply by virtue of the Act in the
absence of any provisions in the articles of a company, as if those rights and restrictions were
set out in the Articles.

Subject to the provisions of these Articles and to the Statutes and any resolution of the
Company, any unissued shares in the capital of the Company (whether forming part of the
original or any increased capita!) and all {if any) shares in the Company lawfully held by or on

-4-

014-3684-7219/1/EUROPE


===== page 14 =====
64

6.5

6.6

67

71

7.2

7.3

behalf of it shall be at the disposal of the Board which may offer, allot (with or without a right
of renunciation), issue or grant options over such shares to such persons, at such time and
for such consideration and upon such terms and conditions as the Board may determine.

The Company may exercise the powers of paying commissions conferred by the Statutes.
Subject to the provisions of the Statutes, any such cammission may be satisfied by the
payment of cash or by the allotment of fully or partly paid shares or partly in one way and
partly in the other and may be in respect of a conditional or absolute subscription. The
Company may also on any issue of shares pay such brokerage as may be lawful.

Subject to the provisions of the Statutes and to any rights conferred on the Holders of any
other shares, shares may be issued on terms that they are, at the option of the Company or a
Member, liable to be redeemed on such terms and in such manner as may be determined by
the Board (such terms to be determined before the shares are allotted).

Except as ordered by a court of a competent jurisdiction or as required by law, no person
shall be recognised by the Company as holding any share upon any trust, and (except as
otherwise provided by these Articles or by law) the Company shall not be bound by or
compelled in any way to recognise (even if having notice of it) any equitable, contingent,
future, partial or other claim or any interest in any share, except an absolute right to the
entirety thereof in the Holder.

The Company may give financial assistance for the acquisition of shares in the Company to
the extent that it is not restricted by the Statutes.

VARIATION OF RIGHTS.

Subject to the provisions of the Statutes, whenever the capital of the Company is divided into
different classes of shares, the rights attached to any class may (unless otherwise provided
by the terms of issue of the shares of that class) be varied or abrogated, whether or not the
Company is being wound up, either with the consent in writing of the Holders of not less than
three-quarters in nominal value of the issued shares of the affected class (excluding any
shares of that class held as treasury shares), or with the sanction of a special resolution
passed at a separate general meeting of the Holders of shares of that class (but not
otherwise).

All the provisions of these Articles relating to general meetings shall, mutatis mutandis, apply
to every such separate general meeting, except that:

(a) the necessary quorum at any such meeting other than an adjourned meeting shall be
two persons together holding or representing by proxy at least one-third in nominal
amount of the issued shares of the class in question (excluding any shares of that
class held as treasury shares) and at an adjourned meeting one person holding
shares of the class in question (other than treasury shares) or his proxy;

(b) any Holder of shares of the class in question present in person or by proxy may
demand a poll; and

(c) each Holder of shares of the class in question shall, on a poll, have one vote in
respect of every share of such class held by him.

Subject to the terms on which any shares may be issued, the rights or privileges attached to
any class of shares in the capital of the Company shall be deemed not to be varied or

-5-

014-3684-7219/1/EUROPE


===== page 15 =====
74

8.1

abrogated by the creation or issue of any new shares ranking pari passu in all respects (save
as to the date from which such new shares shall rank for dividend) with or subsequent to
those already issued or by any purchase by the Company of its own shares or the holding of
such shares as treasury shares.

The provisions of Articles 7.1 to 7.3 shall apply to the variation or abrogation of the special
tights attached to some only of the shares of any class as if such group of shares of the class
differently treated formed a separate class.

ALLOTMENT OF SHARES

In this Article:

(a)

(b)

{c)

(d)

(e)

0)

“Rights Issue" means an offer (whether expressed to be by way of rights, or
otherwise) of equity securities to Holders of shares (other than the Company itself by
virtue of it holding treasury shares) in proportion (as nearly as may be) to their
respective holdings of those shares, but subject to such exclusions or other
arrangements as the Board considers necessary or expedient in relation to fractional
entitlements or iegal or practical problems arising in respect of treasury shares,
overseas shareholders or under the laws of, or the requirements of a regulatory body
or stock exchange or other authority in, any territory;

"Section 551 Period" means initially the period commencing on the effective date of
adoption of these Articles and expiring on the earliest of (a) the date on which a
resolution to renew the authorities conferred by Article 8.2 is passed, (b) the end of
the first annual general meeting of the Company following the adoption of these
Articles or (c) 5pm on the date which is fifteen months after the date upon which
these Articles were adopted and after that means any period for which the authorities
conferred by Article 8.2 are stated to apply or for which they have been renewed by
an ordinary or special resolution of the Company which specifies the Section 551
Amount;

"Section 561 Period" means initially the period commencing on the effective date of
adoption of these Articles and expiring on the earliest of (a) the date on which a
Tesolution to renew the authorities conferred by Article 8.2 is passed, (b) the end of
the first annual general meeting of the Company following the adaption of these
Articles or (¢) 5pm on the date which is fifteen months after the date upon which
these Articles were adopted and after that means any period for which the authorities
conferred by articles 8.3 to 8.5 are stated to apply by a special resolution of the
Company which specifies the Section 561 Amount;

"Section 551 Amount" for any Section 551 Period is the amount specified as such in
the relevant ordinary or special resolution of the Company;

“Section 561 Amount” for any Section 561 Period is the amount specified as such in
the relevant special resolution of the Company or such greater amount as the
Company by special resolution may from time to time decide; and

the nominal amount of any securities is, in the case of rights to subscribe or

exchange securities for or to convert any securities into shares of the Company, the
nominal amount of those shares which may be allotted pursuant to those rights.

014-3684-7219/1/EUROPE


===== page 16 =====
8.2

83

8.4

8.5

8.6

87

8.8

9.1

Pursuant to and in accordance with section 551 of the Act, the Board is generally and
unconditionally authorised to exercise during each Section 551 Period all the Company's
powers to:

(a) allot, and make an offer or agreement to allot; or

(b) grant rights, and make an offer or agreement to grant rights, to subscribe for or to
convert any security into,

shares in the Company up to a nominal amount equal to the Section 551 Amount. Nothing in
this Article 8.2 operates to restrict the power of the Board to allot shares in pursuance of an
employees’ share scheme or to grant rights to subscribe for shares, or to convert any security
into shares, allotted in pursuance of an employees’ share scheme.

The Board is authorised to allot (within the meaning of section 560 of the Act), and make an
offer or agreement to allot, equity securities wholly for cash during each Section 561 Period
pursuant to and within the terms of the authority conferred by Article 8.2 and to sell treasury
shares wholly for cash, as if section 561 of the Act did not apply to that allotment or sale,
subject to the limits described in articles 8.4 and 8.5. Nothing in this Article 8.3 operates to
restrict the power of the Company to make an allotment of equity securities to which section
561(1) of the Act does not apply.

Where an allotment or sale of equity securities referred to in Article 8.3 to which section 561
of the Act would otherwise apply is in connection with a Rights Issue, the Board is authorised
to allot or sell those equity securities during the Section 561 Period up to a total nominal
amount equal to the related Section 551 Amount.

Where an allotment or sale of equity securities referred to in Article 8.3 to which section 561
of the Act would otherwise apply is other than in connection with a Rights Issue, the Board is
authorised to allot or sell those equity securities during the Section 561 Period up to a total
nominal amount equal to the related Section 561 Amount.

The Board may during a Section 551 Period make offers or agreements which would or might
require shares to be allotted or rights to be granted to subscribe for or convert any security
into shares after the expiry of such Section 551 Period and may allot or grant such rights
pursuant to those offers or agreements, notwithstanding the expiry of such Section 551
Period.

The Board may during a Section 561 Period make offers or agreements which would or might
require equity securities to be allotted or sold after the expiry of such Section 561 Period and
may allot or sell equity securities pursuant to those offers or agreements, notwithstanding the
expiry of such Section 561 Period.

The authorities granted in respect of the first Section 551 Period and the first Section 561
Period are in addition to any existing authority (whether contained in articles of association or
granted by any resolution of the Company) and no allotment, sale, offer or agreement to allot
or sell made pursuant to such an authority is revoked by the adoption of these Articles.
SHARES IN UNCERTIFICATED FORM

The Directors shall have power to implement such arrangements as they may, in their

absolute discretion, think fit in order for any class of shares to be a participating security
(subject always to the Regulations and the facilities and requirements of the Relevant System

-T-

014-3684-7219/1/EUROPE


===== page 17 =====
9.2

3.3

concerned). Where they do so, Articles 9.2 and 9.3 shall come into effect immediately prior to
the time at which the Operator of the Relevant System concerned permits the class of shares
concerned to be a participating security.

In relation to any class of shares which is, for the time being, a participating security, and for
so long as such class remains a participating security, no provision of these Articles shall
apply or have effect to the extent that it is in any respect inconsistent with:

{a) the holding of shares of that class in uncertificated form;
(b) the transfer of title to shares of that class by means of a Relevant System; or
(c) the Regulations,

and, without prejudice to the generality of this Article, no provision of these Articles shall apply
or have effect to the extent that it is in any respect inconsistent with the maintenance, keeping
or entering up by the Operator, so long as that is permitted or required by the Regulations, of
the Operator's register of securities in respect of shares of that class in uncertificated form.

Without prejudice to the generality of Article 9.2 and notwithstanding anything contained in
these Articles or the Regulations, where any class of shares is, for the time being, a
participating security (such class being referred to in these Articles as the "Relevant Class"):

(a) the Register relating to the Relevant Class shall be maintained at all times in the
United Kingdom;

(b) shares of the Relevant Class may be issued in uncertificated form in accordance with
and subject as provided in the Regulations;

(c) unless the Directors otherwise determine, shares of the Relevant Class held by the
same Holder or Joint Holder in certificated form and uncertificated form shall be
treated as separate holdings;

{d) shares of the Relevant Class may be changed from uncertificated to certificated form,
and from certificated to uncertificated form, in accordance with and subject as
provided in the Regulations;

(e) title to shares of the Relevant Ciass which are recorded on the Register as being held
in uncertificated form may be transferred by means of the Relevant System
concerned and accordingly (and in particular) Articles 14.1, 14.2 and 14.5 shall not
apply in respect of such shares to the extent that those Articles require or
contemplate the effecting of a transfer by an instrument in writing and the production
of a certificate for the share to be transferred;

(f) the Company shall comply with the provisions of Regulations 25 and 26 in relation to
the Relevant Class;

(g) the provisions of these Articles with respect to meetings of or including Holders of the
Relevant Class, including notices of such meetings, shall have effect subject to the
provisions of Regulation 41; and

(h) Articles 10.1 to 10.4 shall not apply so as to require the Company to issue a
certificate to any person holding shares of the Relevant Class in uncertificated form.

-8-

014-3684-7219/1 /EUROPE


===== page 18 =====
94

10

10.1

10.2

10.3

10.4

10.5

10.6

10.7

10.8

The Company shall be entitled to assume that the entries on any record of securities
maintained by it in accordance with the Regulations and regularly reconciled with the
Operator's register of securities are a complete and accurate reproduction of the particulars
entered in the Operator's register of securities and shall accordingly not be liable in respect of
any act or thing done or omitted to be done by or on behalf of the Company in reliance upon
such assumption; in particular, any provision of these Articles which requires or envisages
that action will be taken in reliance on information contained in the Register shal! be
construed to permit that action to be taken in reliance on information contained in any retevant
record of securities {as so maintained and reconciled).

SHARE CERTIFICATES

Subject to these Articles and the provisions of the Regulations every person (except a person
in respect of whom the Company is not by law required to complete and have ready for
delivery a certificate) whose name is entered as a Holder of any share in the Register shall be
entitled without payment to have issued to him within two Months after allotment or lodgement
of a transfer (unless the terms of the issue of the shares provide otherwise) one certificate in
respect of each class of shares held by him or, with the consent of the Board and upon
payment of such reasonable out-of-pocket expenses for every certificate after the first as the
Board shall determine, several certificates, each for one or more of his shares. Shares of
different classes may not be included in the same certificate.

Where a Holder of any share (except a Recognised Person) has transferred a part of the
shares comprised in his holding, he shall be entitled to a certificate for the balance without
charge or, upon payment for every certificate after the first of such reasonable sum as the
Directors may determine, several certificates each for one or more of his shares.

Any two or more certificates representing shares of any one class held by any Member may
at his request be cancelled and a single new certificate for such shares issued in lieu without
charge.

The Company shall not be bound to issue more than one certificate for shares held jointly by
several persons and delivery of a certificate to the Joint Holder who is named first in the
Register shall be a sufficient delivery to all of them.

In the case of shares held jointly by several persons, any such request mentioned in Articles
10.1, 10.2 or 10.3 may only be made by the Joint Holder who is named first in the Register.

Every certificate shall be executed by the Company in such manner as the Board, having
regard to the Siatutes and the listing requirements of the Competent Authority, may authorise.
Every certificate shall specify the number, class and distinguishing number (if any) of the
shares to which it relates and the nominal value of and the amount Paid up on each share.

The Board may by resolution decide, either generally or in any particular case or cases, that
any signatures on any certificates for shares or any other form of security at any time issued
by the Company need not be autographic but may be applied to the certificates by some
mechanical means or may be printed on them or that the certificates need not be signed by
any person.

If a share certificate is damaged, worn out, defaced, iost, stolen or destroyed, it may be

replaced without charge (other than exceptional out-of-pocket expenses) and otherwise on
such terms (if any) as to evidence and/or indemnity (with or without security) as the Board

014-3684-7219/1/EUROPE


===== page 19 =====
1

11.1

11.3

12

12.1

12.2

12.3

12.4

may require. In the case where the certificate is damaged, worn out or defaced, it may be
renewed only upon delivery of the certificate to the Company.

LIEN

The Company shall have a first and paramount lien on every share (not being a fully paid
share) for all money (whether presently due or not) payable in respect of that share. The
Company's lien over a share extends to any dividend and (if the lien is enforced and the
share is sold by the Company) the proceeds of sale of that share. The Board may at any time
declare any share to be wholly or in part exempt from the provisions of this Article.

The Company may sell, in such manner as the Board decides, any shares on which the
Company has a lien, if a sum in respect of which the lien exists is presently payable and is not
paid within fourteen Clear Days after notice in writing has been served on the Holder of the
shares in question or the person entitled to such shares by reason of death or bankruptcy of
the Holder or otherwise by operation of law, demanding payment of the sum presently
payable and stating that if the notice is not complied with the shares may be sold.

To give effect to any such sale, the Board may authorise such person as it directs to execute
any instrument of transfer of the shares sold to, or in accordance with the directions of, the
purchaser. The title of the transferee to the shares shall not be affected by any irregularity in
or invalidity of the proceedings relating to the sale, and he shall not be bound to see to the
application of the purchase money. In the case of an uncertificated share, the Board may
require the Operator to convert the share into certificated form and after such conversion
authorise any person to sign the instrument of transfer to effect the sale of the share.

The net proceeds of the sale, after payment of the costs of such sale, shall be applied in or
towards satisfaction of the liability in respect of which the lien exists so far as the same is
presently payable, and any residue shall (upon surrender to the Company for cancellation of
the certificate for the shares sold (where applicable) and subject to a like lien for any monies
not presently payable or any liability or engagement not likely to be presently fulfilled or
discharged as existed upon the shares before the sale) be paid to the Holder of (or person
entitled by transmission to) the shares immediately before the sale.

CALL ON SHARES

Subject to the terms of allotment of any shares, the Board may send a notice and make calls
upon the Members in respect of any monies unpaid on their shares (whether in respect of the
nominal value of the shares or by way of premium) provided that (subject as aforesaid) na call
on any share shall be payable within one Month from the date fixed for the payment of the last
preceding call and that at least fourteen Clear Days’ notice fram the date the notice is sent
shall be given of every call specifying the time or times, place of payment and the amount
called on the Members’ shares. A call may be revoked in whole or in part or the time fixed for
its payment postponed in whole or in part by the Board at any time before receipt by the
Company of the sum due thereunder.

A call shall be deemed to have been made at the time when the resolution of the Directors
authorising the call was passed.

A call may be made payable by instalments.

The Joint Holders of a share shall be jointly and severally liable to pay all calls in respect of
the share.

-10-

014-3684-7219/1 EUROPE


===== page 20 =====
12.5

12.6

12.7

12.8

12.9

13

13.1

Each Member shall pay to the Company, at the time and place of payment specified in the
notice of the call, the amount called on his shares. A person on whom a call is made will
remain liable for calls made upon him, notwithstanding the subsequent transfer of the shares
in respect of which the call was made.

If a sum called in respect of a share shall not be paid before or on the day appointed for
payment, the person from whom the sum is due shall pay interest on the sum from the day
fixed for payment to the time of actual payment at such rate, not exceeding five per cent
above the base lending rate per annum most recently set by the Monetary Policy Committee
of the Bank of England, as the Board may decide, together with all expenses that may have
been incurred by the Company by reason of such non-payment, but the Board may waive
payment of interest and such expenses wholly or in part. No dividend or other payment or
distribution in respect of any such share shall be paid or distributed and no other rights which
would otherwise normally be exercisable in accordance with these Articles may be exercised
by a Holder of any such share so long as any such sum or any interest or expenses payable
in accordance with this Article in relation thereto remains due.

Any sum which becomes payable by the terms of allotment of a share, whether on allotment
or on any other fixed date or as an instalment of a call and whether on account of the nominal
value of the share or by way of premium, shall for the purposes of these Articles be deemed
to be a call duly made, notified and payable on the date on which, by the terms of allotment or
in the notice of the call, it becomes payable. In the case of non-payment, all the provisions of
these Articles relating to payment of interest and expenses, forfeiture and otherwise shall
apply as if such sum had become payable by virtue of a call duly made and notified.

The Board may, if it thinks fit, receive from any Member willing to advance it all or any part of
the money (whether on account of the nominal value of the shares or by way of premium)
uncalled and unpaid upon any shares heid by him, and such payment shall, to the extent of it,
extinguish the liability on the shares in respect of which it is advanced. The Company may
Pay upon ail or any part of the money so advanced (until it would but for the advance become
presently payable) interest at such rate (if any) not exceeding 5 per cent. above the base
lending rate per annum most recently set by the Monetary Policy Committee of the Bank of
England, as the Board may decide. No sum paid in advance of calls shall entitle the Holder of
a share to any portion of a dividend or other payment or distribution subsequently declared in
respect of any period prior to the date upon which such sum would, but for such payment,
become presently payable.

The Board may on or before the allotment of shares differentiate between the allottees or
Holders as to the amount of calls to be paid and the times of payment.

FORFEITURE

\f a Member fails to pay the whole or any part of any call or instalment of a call on the day
fixed for payment, the Board may, at any time thereafter during such time as any part of such
call or instalment remains unpaid, serve a notice on him requiring payment of so much of the
call or instalment as is unpaid, together with any accrued interest and any costs, charges and
expenses incurred by the Company by reason of the non-payment.

The notice shall fix a further day (not being less than seven Clear Days from the date of the
notice) on or before which, and the place where, the payment required by the notice is to be
made, and shall state that, in the event of non-payment at or before the time and at the place
specified, the shares on which the call was made will be liable to be forfeited. The Board may
accept the surrender of any share liable to be forfeited upon such terms and conditions as

-11-

014-3684-7219/1/EUROPE


===== page 21 =====
13.3

13.4

13.5

13.6

13.7

13.8

may be agreed and, subject to any such terms and conditions, a surrendered share shall be
treated as if it had been forfeited.

\f the requirements of the notice are not complied with, any share in respect of which the
notice has been given may, at any time before the payments required by the notice have
been made, be forfeited by a resolutian of the Board to that effect. Every forfeiture shall
include all dividends and other payments or distributions declared in respect of the forfeited
shares and not paid or distributed before forfeiture. Forfeiture shall be deemed to occur at the
time of the passing of the said resolution of the Board.

Subject to the provisions of the Statutes, a forfeited share shall be deemed to be the property
of the Company and may be sold, reallotted or otherwise disposed of upon such terms and in
such manner as the Board decides, either to the person who was before the forfeiture the
Holder or to any other person, and at any time before sale, reallotment or other disposition the
forfeiture may be cancelled on such terms as the Board decides. The Company shall not
exercise any voting rights in respect of such a share. Where for the purposes of its disposal a
forfeited share (being in certificated form) is to be transferred to any person, the Board may
authorise a person to execute an instrument of transfer of the share In the case of a share in
uncertificated form, the Directors may, to enable the Company to deal with the share in
accordance with the provisions of this Article, require the Operator of a Relevant System to
convert the share into certificated form, and after such conversion, autharise any person to
execute an instrument of transfer and/or take such other steps (including the giving of
directions to or on behalf of the Holder, who shall be hound by them) as they think fit to effect
the transfer.

When any share has been forfeited, notice of the forfeiture shall be served upon the person
who was before forfeiture the Holder, or the person entitled to the share by transmission, and
an entry of the forfeiture, with the date of the forfeiture, shall be entered in the Register, but
no forfeiture shall be invalidated by any failure to give such notice or make such entry.

A person, any of whose shares have been forfeited, shall cease to be a Member in respect of
the forfeited shares and shall surrender to the Company for cancellation the certificate for the
shares forfeited, but shall, notwithstanding the forfeiture, remain liable to pay to the Company
all money which at the date of forfeiture was then payable by him to the Company in respect
of the shares, with interest on such money at such rate not exceeding 5 per cent above the
base fending rate per annum most recently set by the Monetary Policy Committee of the Bank
of England, as the Board may decide, or, if no interest was so payable, at the appropriate rate
(as defined in the Act) from the date of forfeiture until payment. The Board may, if it thinks fit,
waive the payment of all or part of such money and/or the interest payable thereon, or enforce
payment without any allowance for the value of the shares at the time of forfeiture or for any
consideration received on their disposal.

A statutory declaration by a Director or the Secretary that a share has been duly forfeited or
surrendered on a specified date shail be conclusive evidence of the facts stated in it as
against all persons claiming to be entitled to the share. The statutory declaration shall (subject
to the execution of an instrument of transfer, if necessary) constitute a good title ta the share
and the person to whom the share is disposed of shall not be bound to see to the application
of the consideration (if any) nor shall his title to the share be affected by any irregularity in or
invalidity of the proceedings in reference to the forfeiture, surrender, sale, reailotment or
disposal of the share.

If the Company sells a forfeited share, the person who held it prior to its forfeiture is entitled to
teceive from the Company the proceeds of such sale, net of any commission, and excluding

-12-

014-3684-7219//EUROPE


===== page 22 =====
14

14.4

14.2

14.3

14.4

14.5

14.6

14.7

14.8

any amount which was, or would have become, payable and had not, when that share was
forfeited, been paid by that person in respect of that share, but no interest is payable to such
person in respect of such proceeds and the Company is not required to account for any
money eared on them.

TRANSFER OF SHARES

The instrument of transfer of a share may be in any usual form or in any other form which the
Board may approve.

The instrument of transfer of a share shall be executed by or on behalf of the transferor and
(in the case of a partly paid share) by or on behalf of the transferee. The transferor shail be
deemed to remain the Holder until the name of the transferee is entered in the Register.

Where any class of shares is, for the time being, a participating security, title to shares of that
class which are recorded on an Operator's register of members as being held in uncertificated
form may be transferred by means of the Relevant System concerned. The transfer may not
be in favour of more than four transferees.

The Board may, in its absolute discretion, and without assigning any reason therefore, refuse
to register any transfer of shares which are not fully paid provided that, where any such
shares are admitted to the Official List of the Competent Authority, such discretion may not be
exercised in such a way as to prevent dealings in the shares of that class from taking place
on an open and proper basis.

The Board may refuse to register any transfer of shares, unless {in the case of a certificated
share):

(a) the instrument of transfer is lodged (duly stamped if the Statutes so require) at the
Office or at such other place as the Board may appoint, accompanied by the
certificate for the shares to which it relates and such other evidence (if any) as the
Board may reasonably require to show the right of the transferor to make the transfer
(and, if the instrument of transfer is executed by some other person on his behalf, the
authority of that person to do so) provided that, in the case of a transfer by a
Recognised Person where a certificate has not been issued in respect of the share,
the lodgement of share certificates shall not be necessary;

(b) the instrument of transfer is in respect of only one class of share; and

(c) in the case of a transfer to Joint Holders, they do not exceed four in number.

The Directors may refuse to register a transfer of a share in uncertificated form to a person
who is to hold it thereafter in certificated form in any case where the Company is entitled to
refuse (or is excepted from the requirement) under the Regulations to register the transfer.
The Company shali be entitled to retain any instrument of transfer which is registered, but any
instrument of transfer which the Board refuses to register (except in the case of fraud) shall
be returned to the person lodging it when notice of the refusal is given.

If the Board refuses to register a transfer, it shall as soon as practicable and in any event
within two Months after the date on which the instrument of transfer was lodged with the

Company (or in the case of uncertificated shares the date on which the Operator-instruction
was received) send to the transferee notice of, together with the reasons for, the refusal. The

-13-

014-3684-7219/1 EUROPE


===== page 23 =====
14.9

14.10

15

15.1

15.2

15.3

16
16.1

16.2

Board shall send such further information about the reasons for the refusal ta the transferee
as the transferee may reasonably request.

No fee shall be payable to the Company for the registration of any transfer or any other
document relating to or affecting the title to any share or for making any entry in the Register
affecting the title to any share.

Nothing in these Artictes shall preclude the Directors from recognising a renunciation of the
allotment of any share by the allottee in favour of some other person.

TRANSMISSION OF SHARES

if a Member dies, the survivor or survivors where he was a Joint Holder and his personal
representatives where he was a sole Holder or the only survivor of Joint Holders shall be the
only person(s) recognised by the Company as having any title to his shares, but nothing
contained in these Articles shall release the estate of a deceased Member from any liability in
respect of any share held by him solely or jointly with other persons.

Any person becoming entitled to a share in consequence of the death or bankrupicy of a
Member or by operation of law may, upon such evidence as to his title being produced as
may be reasonably required by the Board and subject to these Articles, elect either to be
registered as the Holder of the share or to have a person nominated by him registered as the
Holder. If the person elects to become the Holder, he shall give notice in writing to that effect
\f the person elects to have another person registered, he shall execute an instrument of
transfer of the share to that person. All the provisions of these Articles relating to the transfer
of shares shall apply to the notice or instrument of transfer as if the death or bankruptcy of the
Member or other event giving rise to the transmission had not occurred and the notice or
instrument of transfer were an instrument of transfer executed by the Member.

Any person becoming entitled to a share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a
Member or by operation of law shall, subject to the requirements of these Articles and to the
provisions of this Article, be entitled to receive, and may give a good discharge for, all
dividends and other money payable in respect of the share, but he shal! not be entitled to
receive notice of or to attend or vote at meetings of the Company or at any separate meetings
of the Holders of any class of shares or to any of the rights or privileges of a Member until he
shall have become a Holder in respect of the share in question. The Board may at any time
give notice requiring any such person to elect either to be registered or to transfer the share,
and if the notice is not complied with within sixty days, the Board may withhold payment of all
dividends and other distributions and payments declared in respect of the share until the
requirements of the notice have been complied with.

ALTERATION OF SHARE CAPITAL

The Company may by ordinary resolution alter its share capital in accordance with the Act.

A resolution to sub-divide shares may determine that, as between the Holders of such shares
resulting from the sub-division, any of them may have any preference or advantage or be
subject to any restriction as compared with the others.

Whenever as a result of a consolidation of shares any Members would become entitled to
fractions of a share, the Board may deal with the fractions as it thinks fit and in particular may,

on behalf of those Members, sell the shares representing the fractions for the best price
reasonably obtainable to any person (including, subject to the provisions of the Statutes, the

-14-

(014-3684.7219/1 EUROPE,


===== page 24 =====
17

17.1

17.2

18

18.1

18.2

19

19.1

Company) and distribute the net proceeds of sale (subject to retention by the Company of
amounts not exceeding £3, the cost of distribution of which would be disproportionate to the
amounts involved) in due proportion among those Members, or retain such net proceeds for
the benefit of the Company, and in the case of shares in certificated form, the Board may
authorise a person to execute an instrument of transfer of the shares to, or in accordance with
the directions of, the purchaser, and in the case of shares in uncertificated form, the Board
may, to enable the Company to deal with the share in accordance with the provisions of this
Article, require the Operator of a Relevant System to convert the share into certificated form;
and after such conversion, authorise any person to execute an instrument of transfer and/or
take such other steps (including the giving of directions to or on behalf of the Holder, who
shall be bound by them) as they think fit to effect the transfer. The transferee shall not be
bound to see to the application of the purchase money nor shall his title to the shares be
affected by any irregularity in or invalidity of the proceedings relating to the sale.

PURCHASE OF OWN SHARES

The Company may purchase its own shares (including any redeemable shares) but so that no
such purchase shall take place save in accordance with the Statutes.

On any purchase by the Company of its own shares, neither the Company nor the Board shall
be required to select the shares to be purchased rateably or in any manner as between the
Holders of shares of the same class or as between them and the Holders of shares of any
other class or in accordance with the rights as to dividends or capital conferred by any class
of Shares.

GENERAL MEETINGS

The Company shall hold an annual general meeting which shall be convened by the Board in
accordance with the Statutes.

The Board may call a general meeting whenever it thinks fit and, on the requisition of
Members in accordance with the Act, it shall proceed to convene a genera! meeting for a date
not more than twenty eight days after the date of the notice convening the meeting. If there
are not within the United Kingdom sufficient Directors to call 4 general meeting, any Director
or, if there is no Director within the United Kingdom, any Member may call a general meeting.
NOTICE OF GENERAL MEETINGS

An annual general meeting shall be calied by at least twenty one Clear Days’ notice in writing.
Unless required by the Statutes, all other general meetings shall be called by at least fourteen
Clear Days' notice in writing. The notice shall specify:

{a) if the meeting is an annual general meeting, that the meeting is an annual general
meeting;

(b) the day, time and place of the meeting;
(c) the general nature of the business to be transacted;

(d) if the meeting is convened to consider a special resolution, the intention to propose
the resolution as such; and

-15-

014-3684-7219/ EUROPE


===== page 25 =====
19.2

19.3

19.4

19.5

20

20.1

20.2

20.3

(e) with reasonable prominence, that a Member entitled to attend and vote is entitled to
appaint one or more proxies to attend, ta speak and to vote instead of him and that a
proxy need not also be a Member.

Where the Company has given an Electronic Address in any notice of meeting, any document
or information relating to proceedings at the meeting may be sent by electronic means to that
address, subject to any conditions or limitations specified in the relevant notice of meeting.
Subject to the provisions of these Articles and to any rights or restrictions attached to any
shares, notices shali be given to all Members, to all persons entitled to a share in
consequence of the death or bankruptcy af a Member and to the Directors and Auditors of the
Company.

Subject to the provisions of these Articles, to the rights attaching to any class of shares and to
any restriction imposed on any Holder, notice of any general meeting shall be given to all
Members, the Directors and (in the case of an annual general meeting) the Auditors.

The accidentat omission to send a notice of any meeting, or notice of a resolution to be
moved at a meeting or (where forms of proxy are sent out with notices) to send a form of
proxy with a notice or the failure to give notice due to circumstances beyond the Company's
control to any person entitled to receive the same, or the non-receipt of a notice of any
meeting or a form of proxy by such a person, shall not invalidate the proceedings at the
meeting.

The Board may postpone a general meeting if they deem it necessary to do so. Notice of
such postponement shall be given in accordance with these Articles.

PROCEEDINGS AT GENERAL MEETINGS

No business shall be transacted at any general meeting unless a quorum is present but the
absence of a quorum shall not preclude the choice or appointment of a chairman in
accordance with these Articles (which shall not be treated as part of the business of the
meeting). Subject to Article 20.2, two Members present in person or by proxy and entitled to
vote shail be a quorum for all purposes.

If within fifteen minutes from the time fixed for a meeting a quorum is not present or if during a
meeting a quorum ceases to be present, the meeting, if convened on the requisition of
Members, shall be dissolved and in any other case it shall stand adjourned to such day and to
such time and place (being not less than fourteen nor more than twenty eight days thereafter)
as may be fixed by the chairman of the meeting. At such adjourned meeting a quorum shall
be two persons present in person being either Members or representatives (in the case of a
corporate Member) or proxies appointed by Members in relation to the meeting and entitled to
vote. If within fifteen minutes from the time fixed for holding an adjourned meeting a quorum is
not present or if during an adjourned meeting a quorum ceases to be present, the adjourned
meeting shall be dissolved. The Company shall give at least ten Clear Days’ notice (in any
manner in which notice of a meeting may lawfully be given from time to time) of any meeting
adjourned through fack of a quorum and such notice shall state the quorum requirement.

The chairman of the Board or in his absence the deputy chairman (if any) shall preside as
chairman at every general meeting of the Company. If more than one deputy chairman is
present they shall agree amongst themselves who is to take the chair, or if they cannot agree,
the deputy chairman who has been in office as director longest shall take the chair. If there is
no such chairman or deputy chairman or if at any meeting neither the chairman nar the
deputy chairman is present within fifteen minutes from the time fixed for holding the meeting

-16-

(014-3684.7219/1/EUROPE


===== page 26 =====
20.4

20.5

20.6

20.7

20.8

20.9

20.10

or if neither is willing to act as chairman of the meeting, the Directors present shall choose
one of their number, or if no Director is present or if all the Directors present decline to take
the chair, the Members present in person or by proxy or by corporate representative and
entitled to vote shall choose one of their number to be chairman of the meeting.

The Board may implement at general meetings of the Company, such security arrangements
as it shall think appropriate to which Members, representatives (in the case of corporate
Members) and their proxies shall be subject. The Board shail be entitled to refuse entry to the
meeting to any such Member, representative or proxy who fails to comply with such security
arrangements.

The chairman of each general meeting of the Company may take such action or give
directions for such action to be taken as he considers appropriate to permit the orderly
conduct of the business of the meeting as set out in the notice of the meeting.

Any decision of the chairman of the meeting on matters of procedure or matters arising
incidentally from the business of the meeting, and any determination by the chairman of the
meeting as to whether a matter is of such a nature, shall be final.

The chairman of the meeting may permit other persons who are not Members of the
Company or otherwise entitled to exercise the rights of Members in relation to general
meetings to attend and, at the chairman of the meeting's discretion, speak at a general
meeting or at any separate class meeting. Nothing in these Articles shall restrict or exclude
any of the powers or rights of a chairman of a meeting which are given by law.

The chairman of a meeting at which a quorum is present may, without prejudice to any other
power of adjourmment which he may have under these Articles or at common law, with the
consent of the meeting (and shall if so directed by the meeting), adjourn the meeting from
time to time (or indefinitely) and from place to place. No business shall be transacted at any
adjourned meeting except business left unfinished at the meeting from which the adjournment
took place. Where a meeting is adjourned for an indefinite period, the time and place for the
adjourned meeting shall be fixed by the Board. Whenever a meeting is adjourned for fourteen
days or more or for an indefinite period, at least seven Clear Days’ notice, specifying the
place, the day and the time of the adjourned meeting and the general nature of the business
to be transacted, shall be given (in any manner in which notice of a meeting may lawfully be
given from time to time). Save as provided in these Articles, it shall not otherwise be
necessary to give any notice of an adjournment or of the business to be transacted at an
adjourned meeting.

If it appears to the chairman that the meeting place specified in the notice convening the
meeting is inadequate to accommodate all Members entitled and wishing to attend, the
meeting shall nevertheless be duly constituted and its proceedings valid provided that the
chairman is satisfied that adequate facilities are available to ensure that any Member who is
unable to be accommodated is nonetheless able to participate in the business for which the
meeting has been convened and to hear and see all persons present who speak (whether by
the use of microphones, loudspeakers, audiovisual communication equipment or otherwise),
whether in the meeting place or elsewhere, and to be heard and seen by all other persons so
present in the same manner.

At any general meeting, a resolution put to the vote of the meeting shall be decided on a
show of hands unless, before or on the declaration of the result of the show of hands or on
the withdrawal of any other due demand for a poll, a poll is duly demanded. Subject to the

-17-

014-3684-7218/1/EUROPE


===== page 27 =====
20.41

20.12

20.13

20.14

provisions of the Statutes and to the rights attaching to any class of shares, a poll may be
demanded:

(a) by the chairman of the meeting; or
(b) a majority of the Directors present at the meeting; or

(c} by at least five Members present all of whom are either Members or proxies or
representatives (in the case of a corporate Member) and entitled to vote on the
resolution; or

(d) by any Member or Members present in person or by proxy or by representative (in the
case of a corporate Member) and representing not less than one-tenth of the total
voting rights of all the Members having the right to vote at the meeting (excluding any
voting rights attached to any shares in the Company held as treasury shares); or

(e) by a Member or Members present in person or by proxy or by representative (in the
case of a corparata Member) holding shares in the Company conferring a right to
vote on the resolution, being shares on which an aggregate sum has been Paid up
equal to not Jess than one-tenth of the total sum Paid up on all the shares conferring
that right {excluding shares in the Company conferring a right to vote on the
resolution which are held as treasury shares).

Unless a poll is so demanded, and the demand is not subsequently withdrawn, a declaration
by the chairman of the meeting that a resolution has on a show of hands been carried, or
carried unanimously, or by a particular majority, or lost, or not carried by a particular majority
and an entry to that effect in the minute book, shall be conclusive evidence of the fact, without
proof of the number er proportion of the votes recorded in favour of or against such resolution.

if a poll is duly demanded, it shall be taken where and in such manner as the chairman of the
meeting may direct. The chairman may appoint scrutineers (who need not be Members) and
fix a time and place for deciaring the result of the poll. The result of a poll shall be the decision
of the meeting in respect of which it was demanded.

A poll demanded on the election of the chairman of a meeting or on a question of
adjournment shall be taken forthwith. A poll demanded on any other question shall be taken
at such time and place as the chairman of the meeting directs, but in any case not more than
twenty eight days after the meeting at which the poll was demanded. Any business other than
that upon which a poll has been demanded may be proceeded with pending the completion of
the poll The demand for a poll may be withdrawn at any time before the poll is taken with the
consent of the chairman. If a poll is demanded before the declaration of the result of a show
of hands and the demand is subsequently duly withdrawn, the meeting shall continue as if the
demand had not been made. No notice need be given of a poll not taken forthwith if the time
and place at which it is to be taken are announced at the meeting at which it is demanded In
any other case, at least seven Clear Days' notice shall be given (in any manner in which
notice of a meeting may lawfully be given from time to time) specifying the time and place at
which the poll is to be taken.

A Director shail, notwithstanding that he is not a Member, be entitled to attend and speak at

any general meeting and at any separate meeting of the Holders of any class of shares in the
Company.

(014-3684-7219/1/EUROPE


===== page 28 =====
21

21.2

21.3

21.4

21.5

21.6

VOTES OF MEMBERS

Subject to any special terms as to voting upon which any shares may be issued or may for
the time being be held the total number of votes a Member present in person or (being a
corporation) who is present by a duly authorised representative or a proxy for a Member has
on a show of hands shall be determined in accordance with the Act. On a poll every Member
present in person or by proxy or by representative (in the case of a corporate Member) shall
have one vote for each share of which he is the Holder, proxy or representative. On a poll, a
Member entitled to more than one vote need not, if he votes, use all his votes or cast all the
votes in the same way.

For the purposes of determining which persons are entitled to attend or vote at a general
meeting and how many votes such persons may cast, the Company may specify in the notice
convening the meeting a time, being not more than forty eight hours before the time fixed for
the meeting (and for this purpose no account shall be taken of any part of a day that is not a
working day), by which a person must be entered on the Register in order to have the right to
attend or vote at the meeting.

In the case of Joint Holders of a share the vote of the senior Holder who tenders a vote,
whether in person or by proxy, shail be accepted to the exclusion of the votes of the other
Joint Holders, and for this purpose seniority shail be determined by the order in which the
names stand in the Register in respect of the joint holding.

A Member in respect of whom an order has been made by any court or official having
jurisdiction (whether in the United Kingdom or elsewhere) that he is or may be suffering from
mental disorder or is otherwise incapable of running his affairs may vote, whether on a show
of hands or on a poll, by his guardian, receiver, curator bonis or other person authorised for
that purpose and appointed by the court, and any such guardian, receiver, curator bonis or
other person may, on a poll, vate by proxy provided that evidence to the satisfaction of the
Board of the authority of the person claiming to exercise the right to vote shall be deposited at
the Office, or at such other place as is specified in accordance with these Articles for the
deposit of instruments of proxy, not less than forty eight hours before the time appointed for
holding the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the right to vote is to be exercised, and in
default the right to vote shall not be exercisable.

No Member shall, unless the Board otherwise determines, be entitled to vote at any general
meeting or at any separate general meeting of the Holders of any class of shares in the
Company unless all calls or other sums presently payable by him in respect of shares in the
Company have been paid.

Where, in respect of any shares of the Company, any Holder or any other person appearing
to be interested in such shares held by a Member has been issued with a notice pursuant to
section 793 of the Act (a statutory notice) and has failed in relation to any shares (the default
shares) to comply with the statutory notice and to give the Company the information required
by such notice within the prescribed period as defined in Article 21.11(d) from the date of the
statutory notice, then the Board may serve on the Holder of such default shares a notice (a
disenfranchisement notice) whereupon the following sanctions shall apply (unless the Board
otherwise determines):

(a) such Holder shall not with effect from the service of the disenfranchisement notice be
entitled in respect of the default shares to be present or to vote (either in person or by
representative or by proxy) either at any general meeting or at any separate general

-19-

(014-3684-7219/1/EUROPE


===== page 29 =====
21.7

21.8

21.9

21.10

meeting of the Holders of any class of shares or on any poll or to exercise any other
right conferred by membership in relation to any such meeting or poll; and

(b) where such shares represent not less than 0.25 per cent in nominal value of the
issued shares of their class (calculated exclusive of treasury shares):

(i) any dividend or other monies payable in respect of the default shares shal{ be
withheld by the Company which shall not be under any obligation to pay
interest on it and the Holder shall not be entitled under Article 43.17 to elect
to receive shares instead of that dividend,

(ii) no transfer, other than an excepted transfer (as defined in Article 21.11(e), of
any shares in certificated form held by the Holder shall be registered unless:

(A) the Holder is not himself in default as regards supplying the
information required; and

(B) the Holder proves to the satisfaction of the Board that no person in
default as regards supplying such information is interested in any of
the shares the subject of the transfer,

(and, for the purpose of ensuring this Article 21.6(b)(ii) can apply to all shares
held by the Holder, the Company may, in accordance with the Regulations,
issue a written notification to the Operator requiring the conversion into
certificated form of any shares held by the Holder in uncertificated form).

Any new shares in the Company issued in right of default shares shall be subject to the same
sanctions as apply to the default shares, and the Directors may make any right to an
allotment of the new shares subject to sanctions corresponding to those which will apply to
those shares on issue, provided that any sanctions applying to, or to a right to, new shares by
virtue of this Article shall cease to have effect when the sanctions applying to the related
default shares cease to have effect (and shall be suspended or cancelled if and to the extent
that the sanctions applying to the related default shares are suspended or cancelled) and
provided further that Article 21.6 shall apply to the exclusion of this Article if the Company
gives a separate notice under section 793 of the Act in relation to the new shares.

The Company may at any time withdraw a disenfranchisement notice by serving on the
Holder of the default shares a notice in writing to that effect (a withdrawal notice), and a
disenfranchisement notice shall be deemed to have been withdrawn at the end of the period
of seven days (or such shorter period as the Directors may determine) following the earlier of
receipt by the Company of the information required by the statutory notice in respect of all the
shares to which the disenfranchisement notice related, or receipt by the Company of notice
that the shares have been transferred by means of an excepted transfer and the Directors
may suspend or cancel any of the sanctions at any time in relation to any shares.

Unless and until a withdrawal notice is duly served in relation thereto or a disenfranchisement
notice in relation thereto is deemed to have been withdrawn or the shares to which a
disenfranchisement notice relates are transferred by means of an excepted transfer, the
sanctions referred to in Articles 21.6 and 21.8 shail continue to apply.

Where, on the basis of information obtained from a Holder in respect of any share held by
him, the Company issues a notice pursuant to section 793 of the Act to any other person and
such person fails to give the Company the information thereby required within the prescribed

-20-

014-3684-7219/1/EUROPE


===== page 30 =====
period and the Board serves a disenfranchisement notice upon such person, it shall at the
same time send a copy of the disenfranchisement notice to the Holder of such share, but the
accidental omission to do so, or the non-receipt by the Holder of the copy, shall not invalidate
or otherwise affect the application of Articles 21.6 and 21.8.

21.11 For the purposes of these Articles:

(a)

(b)
{c)

(d)

(e)

a person other than the Holder of a share shall be treated as appearing to be
interested in that share if the Holder has informed the Company that the person is or
may be so interested or if (after taking into account the said notification and any other
relevant notification pursuant to section 793 of the Act) the Company knows or has
reasonable cause to believe that the person in question is or may be interested in the
share;

interested shall be construed as it is for the purpose of section 793 of the Act;

reference to a person having failed to give the Company the information required by a
notice, or being in default as regards supplying such information, includes:

(i) reference to his having failed or refused to give all or any part of it; and

(ii) reference to his having given information which he knows to be false in a
material particular or having recklessly given information which is false in a
material particular;

the prescribed period means:

(i) in a case where the default shares represent at least 0.25 per cent of their
class, fourteen days; and

(ii) in any other case, twenty eight days; and
an excepted transfer means, in relation to any share held by a Holder:

(i) a transfer pursuant to acceptance of an offer made to all the Holders (or all
the Holders other than the person making the offer and his nominees) of the
shares in the Company to acquire those shares or a specified proportion of
them, or to all the Holders (or all the Holders other than the person making
the offer and his nominees) of a particular class of those shares to acquire
the shares of that class or a specified proportion of them; or

{ii) a transfer in consequence of a sale made through a recognised investment
exchange (as defined in FSMA) or any other stock exchange outside the
United Kingdom on which the Company's shares are normally traded; or

(ili) a transfer which is shown to the satisfaction of the Board to be made in
consequence of a bona fide sale of the whole of the beneficial interest in the
share to a person who is unconnected with the Holder and with any other
person appearing to be interested in the share.

21.12 Nothing contained in these Articles shall prejudice or affect the right of the Company to apply
to the court for an order under section 794 of the Act and in connection with such an

-21-

014-3684-7219/1/EUROPE


===== page 31 =====
21.13

21.14

21.15

21.16

21.17

21.18

application or intended application or otherwise to require information on shorter notice than
the prescribed period.

No objections may be raised to the qualification of any person voting at a general meeting
except at the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the vote objected to is tendered, and
every vote not disallowed at the meeting is valid. Any such objection must be referred to the
chairman of the meeting whose decision is final. If a vote is not disallowed by the chairman of
the meeting, it is valid for all purposes.

If an amendment shall be proposed to any resolution under consideration but shali in good
faith be ruled out of order by the chairman of the meeting, the proceedings on the substantive
resolution shall not be invalidated by any error in such ruling. In the case of a resolution
proposed as a special resolution, no amendment to it {other than a mere clerical amendment
to correct a patent error) may in any event be considered or voted upon.

Invitations to appoint a proxy (whether made by instrument in writing, in electronic form or by
Website Communication) shall be in any usual form or in such other form as the Board may
approve. Invitations to appoint a proxy shall be sent or made available by the Company to all
persons entitled to notice of and to attend and vote at any meeting, and shall provide for
voting for and against (or abstain from voting) on all resolutions to be proposed at that
meeting other than resolutions relating to the procedure of the meeting. The accidental
omission to send or make available an invitation to appoint a proxy or the non-receipt thereof
by any Member entitled to attend and vote at a meeting shall not invalidate the proceedings at
that meeting. The appointment of a proxy shall be deemed to confer authority to demand, or
concur in demanding, a poll and to vote on any amendment of a resolution put to the meeting
for which it is given or any procedural resolution, as the proxy thinks fit. A proxy need not be a
Member.

The appointment of a proxy shall, if made by instrument in writing, be executed by or on
behalf of the appointor. A body corporate may execute an instrument of proxy either under
seal or under the hand of two authorised signatories (as defined in the Act) or by a director in
the presence of a witness who attests the signature.

Where the appointment of a proxy is expressed to have been or purports to have been
executed by a duly authorised person on behalf of a Member:

{a) the Company may treat the appointment as sufficient evidence of that person to
execute the appointment of proxy on behalf of that Member; and

(b) the Member shall, if requested by or on behaif of the Company, send or procure the
sending of any authority under which the appointment of proxy has been executed, or
a certified copy of any such authority to such address and by such time as required
under Article 21.22 and, if the request is not complied with in any respect, the
appointment of proxy may be treated as invalid.

If the Directors from time to time so permit, a proxy may be appointed by Electronic
Communication to such address as may be notified by or on behalf of the Company for that
Purpose, or by any other lawful means from time to time authorised by the Directors. Any
means of appointing a proxy which is authorised by or under this Article shall be subject to
any terms, limitations, conditions or restrictions that the Directors may from time to time
Prescribe. Without limiting the foregoing, in relation to any shares which are held in
uncertificated form, the Directors may from time to time permit appointments of a proxy to be
made by means of an Electronic Communication in the form of an Uncertificated Proxy

=22-

014-3684-7219/1/EUROPE


===== page 32 =====
21.19

21.20

21.21

21.22

Instruction, and received by such participant in the Relevant System concerned acting on
behalf of the Company as the Directors may prescribe, in such form and subject to such
terms and conditions as may from time to time be prescribed by the Directors (subject always
to the facilities and requirements of the Relevant System concerned), and may in a similar
manner permit supplements to, or amendments or revocations of, any such Uncertificated
Proxy Instruction to be made by like means. The Directors may in addition prescribe the
method of determining the time at which any such properly authenticated dematerialised
instruction (and/or other instruction or notification) is to be treated as received by the
Company or such participant. The Directors may treat any such Uncertificated Proxy
Instruction which purports to be or is expressed to be sent on behalf of a holder of a share as
sufficient evidence of the authority of the person sending that instruction to send it on behalf
of that Holder.

Any corporation which is a Member may by resolution of its directors or other governing body
authorise such person as it thinks fit to act as its representative at any meeting of the
Campany or of any class of Members of the Company, and (except as otherwise provided in
these Articles) the person so authorised shall be entitled to exercise the same powers on
behalf of the corporation which he represents as that corporation could exercise if it were an
individual Member. The Company may require a certified copy of such a resolution to be
delivered at the meeting to the chairman of the meeting or Secretary or any person appointed
by the Company to receive such authorisation, and unless such certified copy of such
resolution is so delivered the authority granted by such resolution may at the discretion of the
Board not be treated as valid. Where certified copies of two or more valid but differing
resolutions authorising any person or persons to act as the representative of any corporation
pursuant to this Article at the same meeting in respect of the same share are delivered, the
resolution, a certified copy of which is delivered to the Company (in accordance with the
provisions of this Article) last in time (regardless of the date of such certified copy or of the
date upon which the resolution set out therein was passed), shall be treated as revoking and
replacing all other such authorities as regards that share, but if the Company is unable to
determine which of any such two or more valid but differing resolutions was so deposited last
in time, none of them shall be treated as valid in respect of that share. The authority granted
by any such resolution shall, unless the contrary is stated in the certified copy thereof
delivered to the Company pursuant to this Article, be treated as valid for any adjournment of
any meeting at which such authority may be used as well as at such meeting.

A vote given or poll demanded by a corporate representative shall be valid notwithstanding
that he is no longer authorised to represent the Member unless notice of the termination was
delivered in writing to the Company at such place or address and by such time as is specified
in Article 21.22 for the receipt of an appointment of proxy.

A corporation which is a Member may authorise more than one person to act as its
representative pursuant to this Article in respect of any meeting or meetings, and such a
Member who holds different classes of shares may so authorise one or more different
persons for each class of shares held.

The appointment of proxy and the power of attorney or other written authority {if any) under
which itis signed, or a copy of any such power or written authority certified notarially or in any
other manner approved by the Directors, shall:

(a) in the case of an appointment otherwise than by Electronic Communication, be
deposited at the Office (or at such other place as shall be specified in the notice of

meeting or in any instrument of proxy or other document accompanying the same);
and

-23-

014-3684-7219/1 EUROPE.


===== page 33 =====
21.23

21.24

21.25

21.26

(b) in the case of an appointment by Electronic Communication where an address has
been specified for the purpose of receiving appointments by Electronic
Communication (i) in the notice convening the meeting, (ii) in any instrument of proxy
sent out by the Company in relation to the meeting or (iii) in any invitation contained
in an Electronic Communication to appoint a proxy issued by the Company in relation
to the meeting, be received at such address,

not less than forty eight hours before the time appointed for holding the meeting or
adjourned meeting at which the person named in the appointment proposes to vote or
in the case of a poll taken more than forty eight hours after it was demanded, not less
than twenty four hours before the time appointed for taking the poll, and (save as
otherwise provided in this Article) unless so deposited or received the appointment of
proxy shall not be treated as valid. The Directors may specify in the natice convening
the meeting that in determining the time for delivery of proxies pursuant to this Article,
no account shall be taken of any part of any day that is not a working day. Where a
poll is not taken forthwith but is taken less than forty eight hours after it was
demanded, the appointment of proxy together with any other documents required to
be deposited or received pursuant to this Article 21.22 shall nevertheless be deemed
to have been duly deposited if:

(i) in the case of an appointment otherwise than by Electronic Communication,
they are delivered at the meeting at which the poll was demanded to the
chairman or the Secretary or to any Director; or

(ii) in the case of an appointment by Electronic Communication, they are
received at the address notified by the Company for such purposes,

in each case, at any time prior to the commencement of such meeting and, if so
detivered or received, the instrument of proxy shall be treated as valid. in calculating
the periods mentioned in this Article no account shall be taken of any part of a day
that is not a working day.

The deposit, delivery or receipt of an appointment of proxy shali not preclude a Member from
attending and voting at the meeting or at any adjourned meeting. When two or more valid but
differing appointments of proxy are deposited, delivered or received in respect of the same
share for use at the same meeting, the one which is deposited with, delivered to or received
by the Company (in accordance with the provisions of this Article) last in time (regardless of
the date of its making or transmission) shall be treated as revoking and replacing any others
as regards that share, but if the Company is unable to determine which of any such two or
more vatid but differing instruments of proxy was so deposited, delivered or received [ast in
time, none of them shall be treated as valid in respect of that share.

No appointment of proxy shal! be valid after the expiration of twelve Months from the date
stated in it as the date of its making or transmission. The appointment of proxy shall, unless
the contrary is stated, be valid as well for any adjournment of the meeting as for the meeting
to which it relates.

Any vote cast by a proxy who does not vote in accordance with any instructions given by the
Member by whom he is appointed shall be treated as being valid and the Company shall not
be bound to enquire whether a proxy has complied with the instructions he has been given.

A vote given or poll demanded by proxy or by the duly authorised representative of a
corporation shall be valid, notwithstanding the previous determination of the authority of the

=24-

014-364-7219 /EUROPE


===== page 34 =====
22

224

22,2

22.3

22.4

person voting or demanding a poll, unless notice of the determination shall have been
received by the Company at the Office (or other place at which the appointment of proxy was
duly deposited, delivered or received in accordance with Article 21.22) before the
commencement of the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the appointment of proxy is
used, or, in the case of a poll taken otherwise than on the same day as the meeting or
adjourned meeting, at the time appointed for taking the poll.

POWERS OF THE BOARD

Subject to the provisions of the Statutes, these Articles and any directions given by special
resolution, the business of the Company shall be managed by the Board which may exercise
all the powers of the Company. No alteration of these Articles and no directions given by
special resolution shall invalidate any prior act of the Board which would have been valid if
such alteration had not been made or such direction had not been given. The general powers.
given by this Article shall not be limited or restricted by any special authority or power given to
the Board by any other Article. A meeting of the Board at which a quorum is present may
exercise all of the powers exercisable by the Directors.

The Board may from time to time make such arrangements as it thinks fit for the management
and transaction of the Company's affairs in the United Kingdom or elsewhere and may for that
purpose appoint local boards, managers, managing agents, valuers, inspectors and agents
and delegate to them any of the pawers, authorities and discretions vested in the Board (other
than the power to borrow and make calls) with power to sub-delegate and may authorise the
members of any local board or any of them to fill any vacancies therein and to act
notwithstanding such vacancies. Any such appointment or delegation may be made upon
such terms and subject to such conditions as the Board thinks fit. The Board may at any time
remove any person so appointed and may vary or annul such delegation, but no person
dealing in good faith and without notice of such removal, variation or annulment shall be
affected by it.

The Board may from time to time by power of attorney appoint any company, firm or person,
or any fluctuating body of persons, whether nominated directly or indirectly by the Board, to
be the attorney or attorneys of the Company for such purposes and with such powers,
authorities and discretions (not exceeding those vested in or exercisable by the Board under
these Articles) and for such period and subject to such conditions as it may think fit. Any such
power of attorney may contain such provisions for the protection or convenience of persons
dealing with any such attorney as the Board may think fit and may also authorise any such
attorney to sub-delegate all or any of the powers, authorities and discretions vested in him.
The Board may revoke or vary any such appointment, but no person dealing in good faith and
without notice of such revocation or variation shall be affected by it.

The Board may delegate any of its powers to any committee consisting of one or more
Directors. It may also delegate to any Director holding any executive office or any other
Director such of its powers as it considers desirable to be exercised by him. Any such
delegation may be made subject to any conditions the Board may impose and either
collaterally with or to the exclusion of its own powers and may be revoked or altered, but no
person dealing in good faith and without notice of such revocation or variation shall be
affected by it. Subject to any such conditions, the proceedings of a committee with two or
more members shall be governed by these Articles regulating the proceedings of the Board
so far as they are capable of applying. If any such committee determines to co-opt persons
other than Directors onto such committee, the number of such co-opted persons shall be less
than one-half of the total number of members of the committee and no resolution of the

=25-

014-3684-7219/1/EUROPE


===== page 35 =====
23

24.1

24.2

24.3

24.4

25

25.1

25.2

25.3

committee shall be effective unless a majority of the members of the committee present at the
meeting concerned are Directors.

BORROWING POWERS

The Directors may exercise all the powers of the Company to borrow money, and to mortgage
or charge its undertaking, property and assets (present and future) and uncalled capital and,
subject to the Statutes, to issue debentures and other securities, whether outright or as
collateral security, for any debt, liability or obligation of the Company or of any third party.

NUMBER AND QUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS

Unless and until otherwise determined by ordinary resolution of the Company, the Directors
(other than alternate Directors) shall be not less than two in number nor more than twelve in
number.

A Director shail not be required to hold any shares of the Company by way of qualification.

lf the number of Directors is reduced below the minimum number fixed in accordance with
these Articles, the Directors for the time being may act for the purpose of filling up vacancies
in their number or of calling a general meeting of the Company, but not for any other purpose
If there are no Directors able or willing to act, then any two Members may summon a general
meeting for the purpose of appointing Directors.

No person other than a Director retiring (or, if appointed by the Board, vacating office) at the
meeting shall, unless recommended by the Board, be eligible for election to the office of a
Director at any general meeting, unless not less than seven nor more than forty two days
before the day fixed for the meeting there shall have been left at the Office addressed to the
Secretary notice in ig by a Member entitled to be present and vote at the meeting for
which such notice is given of his intention to propose such person for election, and also notice
in writing signed by the person to be proposed of his willingness to be Elected. The notice
from the Member shall give the particulars in respect of that person which would (if he were
Elected) be required to be included in the Company's register of Directors.

ELECTION, APPOINTMENT AND RETIREMENT BY ROTATION

Subject to Article 24 and Article 25.6, the Company may by ordinary resolution elect a person
who is willing to act to be a Director either to fill a vacancy or as an additional Director, but so
that the total number of Directors shal{ not at any time exceed the maximum number fixed by
these Articles.

A resolution for the election of two or more persons as Directors by a single resolution shall
not be moved at any general meeting unless a resolution that it shall be so moved has first
been agreed to by the meeting without any vote being given against it, and any resolution
moved in contravention of this provision shai be void. For the purposes of this Article, a
motion for approving a person's appointment or for nominating him for appointment shall be
treated as a motion for his appointment.

The Board shall have power to appoint any person who is willing to act as a Director and is
permitted by law to do so to be a Director, either to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to
the existing Board. Any Director so appointed shall hold office only untit the next following
annual genera! meeting, and shall then be eligible for election, and unless so Elected shall
vacate office at the conclusion of such meeting

-26-

014.3684-7219/1/EUROPE


===== page 36 =====
25.4

25.5

25.6

25.7

26.1

26.2

Al each annual general meeting, each Director who:

{a} was appointed by the Board since the last annual general meeting pursuant to
article 25.1; or

(b) was appointed or last re-appointed (or is treated by virtue of the Statutes as if he had
been so appointed) at or before the annual general meeting held in the calendar year
which is three years before the current year,

must retire from office.

A retiring Director shall be eligible for re-election. If he is not Elected or deemed to be Elected,
he shall hold office until the meeting elects someone in his place or, if it does not do so, until
the end of the meeting.

For so long as the Company has a controlling shareholder (as defined in the Listing Rules),
any election or re-election of any Director determined by the Company to be independent
under the UK Corporate Governance Code shall be approved by separate majority
resolutions of:

(a) the shareholders of the Company, acting as a whole; and

(b) any person entitled to vote on the election of Directors who is not a controlling
shareholder of the Company as that expression is currently defined in the Listing
Rules.

If either of the resolutions referred to in Article 25.6 is defeated, the Directors may propose a
further resolution to elect or re-elect the independent Director. Such further resolution:

(a) Must not be voted on within a period of ninety days of the original vote;

(b) must be voted on within a period of thirty days from the end of the period in 25.7(a)
above; and

(c) must be passed by a vote of shareholders of the Company, acting as a whole.
RESIGNATION AND REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS

A Director may resign his office either by notice in writing submitted to the Board or, if he shall
in writing offer to resign, if the other Directors resolve to accept such offer.

The Company may, by ordinary resolution at a meeting of which special notice has been
given, in accordance with section 312 of the Act, remove any Director before the expiration of
his period of office notwithstanding anything in these Articles or in any agreement between
the Company and such Director. Such removal shail be without prejudice to any claim which
such Director may have for damages for breach of any contract of service between him and
the Company. Subject to these Articles, the Company may, by ordinary resolution, appoint
another person who is willing to act as a Director, and is permitted by law to do so, to be a
Director instead of him. A person so appointed shall be treated, for the purposes of
determining the time at which he or any other Director is to retire, as if he had become a
Director on the day on which the Director in whose place he is appointed was last appointed
or reappointed a Director.

-27-

014-3684-7219/1/EUROPE


===== page 37 =====
26.3

27

2741

27.2

28

28.1

A Director may be removed from office if he:

(a) receives written notice signed by not less than, in the case of non-executive directors,
three-quarters and, in the case of executive directors, a majority or half of the Board if
that includes the Chairman of the other Directors removing him from office without
prejudice to any claim which such Director may have for damages for breach of any
contract of service or letter of appointment between him and the Company; or

{b) in the case of a Director who halds any executive office, ceases to hold such office
(whether because his appointment is terminated or expires) and the majority of the
other Directors resolve that his office be vacated.

VACATION OF OFFICE

Without prejudice to the other provisions of these Articles, the office of a Director shall be
vacated if the Director:

(a) becomes bankrupt or the subject of an interim receiving order or makes any
atrangement or composition with his creditors generally or applies to the caurt for an
interim order under section 253 of the Insalvency Act 1986 {as amended) in
connection with a voluntary arrangement under that Act; or

(b) a registered medical practitioner who is treating that person gives a written opinion to
the Company stating that that person has become physically or mentally incapable of
acting as a director and may remain so for more than three Months; or

(ce) by reason of that person's mental health, a court makes an order which wholly or
partly prevents that person from personally exercising any powers or rights which that
person would otherwise have, or

(d) is absent from meetings of the Board for six consecutive Months without permission
of the Board and the Board resolves that his office be vacated; or

(e) sends notification to the Company that he is resigning or retiring from his office as
Director, and such resignation or retirement has taken effect in accordance with its
terms; or

(f) ceases to be a Director by virtue of any provision of the Statutes or becomes
prohibited by law from being a Director.

A resolution of the Board declaring a Director to have vacated or have been removed from
Office under the terms of Articles 26.3 to 27.1 shalt be conclusive as to the fact and grounds of
vacation or removal stated in the resolution. A Director having vacated or removed from office
shail automatically cease to be a member of any Board committees.

REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS

The Directors (other than alternate Directors) shall be paid such remuneration (whether by
way of salary, commission, participation in profits or otherwise) for their services as the Board
or any committee authorised by the Board may determine and either in addition to or in lieu of

his remuneration as a Director. Such remuneration shall be deemed to accrue from day to
day, shall be divided between the Directors as they shall agree or, failing agreement, equally

-28-

014-3684.7219/1/EUROPE


===== page 38 =====
28.2

28.3

29

29.1

29.2

29.3

29.4

29.5

29.6

and shall be distinct from and additional to any remuneration or other benefits which may be
paid ar provided to any Director pursuant to any other provision of these Articles.

The Company may pay on behalf of any Director, or reimburse him in respect of, all his
reasonable travelling, hotel and incidental expenses of attending and returning from meetings
of the Board or committees of the Board or general meetings or separate meetings of the
Holders of any class of shares or of debentures of the Company and all expenses properly
and teasonably incurred by him in the conduct of or in connection with any activities
undertaken in or about the Company's business or in the discharge of his duties as a Director.

Any Director who by request of the Board performs special services outside his ordinary
duties as a Director or goes or resides abroad for any purposes of the Company may be paid
such extra remuneration by way of salary, commission, percentage of profits or otherwise as
the Board may decide.

CHIEF EXECUTIVE, MANAGING AND EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
The Board may from time to time:

(a) appoint one or more of its body to the office of chief executive, joint chief executive,
managing Director or joint managing Director, or to any other office (except that of
auditor) or employment in the Company, for such period (subject to the Statutes and
these Articles) and on such terms as it thinks fit, and may revoke such appointment
{but so that such revocation shall be without prejudice to any rights or claims which
the person whose appointment is revoked may have against the Company by reason
of such revocation); and

(b) permit any person Elected or appointed to be a Director to continue in any other office
or employment held by that person before he was so Elected or appointed.

A Director holding any such office or employment with a member of the Group is referred to in
these Articles as an executive Director.

An executive Director shall (subject to the provisions of any contract between him and the
Company) be subject to the same provisions as to resignation and removal as the other
Directors, and if he ceases from any cause to be a Director he shall cease to hold any office
or employment with a member of the Group (but without prejudice to any rights or claims
which he may have against the Company by reason of such cessation).

An executive Director shall not be exempt from retirement by rotation, and shall cease to be a
Director if he ceases for any reason to hold the office or employment by virtue of which he is
termed an executive Director.

The remuneration of any executive Director (whether by way of salary, commission,
participation in profits or otherwise) shall be decided by the Board and may be either in
addition to or in lieu of any remuneration as a Director.

The Board may entrust to and confer upon any executive Director any of the powers,
authorities and discretions vested in or exercisable by it upon such terms and conditions and
with such restrictions as it thinks fit, either collaterally with or to the exclusion of its own
powers, authorities and discretions and may from time to time revoke or vary all or any of
them, but no person dealing in good faith and without notice of the revocation or variation
shall be affected by it.

-29-

014-3684-7219/1/EUROPE


===== page 39 =====
30

31

32

32.1

32.2

32.3

32.4

ASSOCIATE AND OTHER DIRECTORS

The Directors may from time to time, and at any time, pursuant to this Article appoint any
other persons to any post with such descriptive title including that of Director (whether as
associate, executive, group, divisional, departmental, deputy, assistant, local or advisory
director or otherwise) as the Directors may determine and may define, limit, vary and restrict
the powers, authorities and discretions of persons so appointed and may fix and determine
their remuneration and duties and, subject to any contract between him and the Company,
may remove from such post any person so appointed. A person so appointed shall not be a
Director for any of the purposes of these Articles or of the Statutes, and accordingly shall not
be a member of the Board or (subject to Article 22.4) of any committee hereof, nor shall he be
entitled to be present at any meeting of the Board or of any such committee except at the
request of the Board or of such committee, and if present at such request he shall not be
entitled to vote thereat.

DIRECTORS’ GRATUITIES AND PENSIONS

The Board may exercise all the powers of the Company to provide benefits, whether by the
payment of allowances, gratuities or pensions or by insurance or death, sickness or disability
benefits or otherwise, for any Director who has held but no longer halds any executive office
or employment with the Company or with any body corporate which is or has been a
subsidiary undertaking of the Company or a predecessor in business of the Company or of
any such subsidiary undertaking, and for any member of his family {including a spouse and a
former spouse) or any person who is or was dependent on him, and may (as well before as
after he ceases to hold such office or employment) contribute to any fund and pay premiums
for the purchase or provision of any such benefit.

ALTERNATE DIRECTORS

Any Director (other than an alternate Director) may appoint another Director, or any other
person approved by the Board, to be an alternate Director and may at any time terminate that
appointment.

An alternate Director shall (subject to his giving to the Company a postal address within the
United Kingdom and, if applicable, an address in relation to which Electronic Communications
may be received by him) be entitled to receive notice of all meetings of Directors and of all
meetings of committees of Directors of which his appointor is a Member, to attend and vote at
any such meeting at which the Director appointing him is not personally present, and
generally to perform all the functions of his appointor as a Director in his absence, but it shall
not be necessary to give notice of such a meeting to an alternate Director who is absent from
the United Kingdom.

An alternate Director shall automatically cease ta be an altemate Director if his appointor
ceases to be a Director or dies, but, if a Director retires by rotation or otherwise vacates office
and is Elected or deemed to have been Elected at the meeting at which he retires, any
appointment of an alternate Director made by him which was in force immediately prior to his
retirement shall continue after his election. The appointment of an alternate Director shall also
automatically cease on the happening of any event which, if he were a Director, would cause
him to vacate office.

Any appointment or removal of an alternate Director shall be by notice in writing to the
Company signed by the Director making or revoking the appointment or in any other manner

-30-

014-3684-7219/1/EUROPE


===== page 40 =====
32.5

32.6

33

33.1

33.2

approved by the Board. A notice of appointment must contain a statement signed by the
proposed alternate that he is willing to act as the alternate of the Director giving the notice.

Save as otherwise provided in these Articles, an alternate Director shall:
{a) be deemed for all purposes to be a Director;
(b) alone be responsible for his own acts and defaults;

(c) in addition to any restrictions which may apply to him personally be subject to the
same restrictions as his appointor; and

(d) not be deemed to be the agent of the Director appointing him. An alternate Director
may be repaid by the Company such expenses as might properly have been repaid to
him if he had been a Director but shall not (unless the Company by ordinary
resolution otherwise determines), in respect of his office of alternate Director, be
entitled to receive any remuneration or fee from the Company. An alternate Director
shall be entitled to be indemnified by the Company to the same extent as if he were a
Director.

An alternate Director shall not be required to hold any shares in the Company and shall not
be counted in determining any maximum number of Directors permitted by these Articles.

PROCEEDINGS OF THE BOARD

The Board may meet together for the despatch of business, adjourn and otherwise regulate
its meetings as it thinks fit. Questions arising at any such meetings shall be determined by a
majority of votes. In case of an equality of votes, the chairman of the meeting shall, unless he
is not entitled to vote on the resolution in question, have a second or casting vote. A Director
who is also an alternate Director shal! be entitled, in the absence of his appointor, to a
separate vote on behalf of his appointor in addition to his own vote and an alternate Director
who is appointed by two or more Directors shall be entitled to a separate vote on behalf of
each of his appointors in the appointor's absence. A Director may, and the Secretary on the
requisition of a Director shall, call a meeting of the Board and notice of such meeting shall be
deemed to be duly given to each Director if it is given to him personally, by telephone or by
word of mouth or sent in writing to him at his last-known address or any other address given
by him to the Company for this purpose or sent by way of Electronic Communication to an
address for the time being notified by him to the Company for this purpose. It shall not be
necessary to give notice of a meeting of the Board to any Director absent from the United
Kingdom unless he has requested that notices of Board meetings shall during his absence be
given in hard copy form or in electronic form to him at a postal address or Electronic Address
notified by him to the Company for that purpose. Such notices, however, need not be given
any earlier than notices given to Directors not so absent. A Director may waive notice of any
board meeting and any such waiver may be retrospective.

The quorum necessary for the transaction of the business of the Board may be fixed by the
Board, and unless so fixed at any other number shall be two. A Director or other person who
is present at a meeting of the Board in more than one capacity (that is to say, as both Director
and an alternate Director or as an alternate for more than one Director) shal! not be counted
as two or more for quorum purposes unless at least one other Director or alternate Director is
also present.

~31-

014-3684-7219/1/EUROPE


===== page 41 =====
33.3

33.4

33.5

33.6

33.7

34.1

The continuing Directors or a sole continuing Director may act notwithstanding any vacancies
in their number, but, if the number of Directors is less than either the number fixed as the
minimum, or the quorum required for a meeting of the Directors (or both) the continuing
Directors or Director may act only for the purpose of filling vacancies or of calling a general
meeting.

Any Director or alternate Director may validly participate in a meeting of the Board or a
committee of the Board through the medium of conference telephone or similar form of
communication equipment provided that all persons participating in the meeting are able to
hear and speak to each other throughout such meeting. A person so participating shall be
deemed to be present in person at the meeting and shall accordingly be counted in a quorum
and be entitled to vote. Subject to the Statutes, ali business transacted in such a manner by
the Board or a committee of the Board shall, for the purposes of these Articles, be deemed to
be validly and effectively transacted at a meeting of the Board or a committee of the Board,
notwithstanding that fewer than two Directors or alternate Directors are physically present at
the same place. Such a meeting shall be deemed to take place where the largest group of
those participating is assembled or, if there is no such group, where the chairman of the
meeting then is.

The Board may appoint from its number, and remove, a chairman and, if it thinks fit, a deputy
chairman of its meetings and determine the period for which they are respectively to hold
office. If no such chairman or deputy chairman is appointed, or neither is present within five
minutes after the time fixed for holding any meeting, or neither of them is willing to act as
chairman, the Directors present may choose one of their number to act as chairman of such
meeting.

A resolution in writing signed by all the Directors for the time being entitled to vote on the
resolution at a meeting of the Board (not being less than the number of Directors required to
form a quorum of the Board at such meeting) or by all the members of a committee of the
Board for the time being shall be as valid and effective as a resolution passed at a meeting of
the Board or committee duly convened and held. A resolution signed by an alternate Director
need not be signed by his appointor and, if it is executed by a Director who has appointed an
alternate Director, it need not also be executed by the alternate Director in that capacity. The
resolution may consist of one document or several documents in like form each signed by one
or more Directors or alternate Directors and such documents may be exact copies of the
signed resolution.

All acts done by any meeting of the Board, or of a committee of the Board, or by any person
acting as a Director or by an alternate Director, shall as regards all persons dealing in good
faith with the Company, notwithstanding it be afterwards discovered that there was some
defect in the appaintment or continuance in office of any Director, alternate Director or person
so acting, or that they or any of them were disqualified, or had vacated office or were not
entitled to vote, be as valid as if every such person had been duly appointed or had duly
continued in office and was qualified and had continued to be a Director or an alternate
Director and had been entitled to vote.

DIRECTORS' INTERESTS

Declarations of interest relating to transactions or arrangements

(a) Subject to the provisions of the Statutes, and provided that he has made the
disclosures required by this Article and the Statutes, a Director notwithstanding his
office may be a party to or otherwise directly or indirectly interested in:

=32-

014-3684-7219/1/EUROPE


===== page 42 =====
34.2

34.3

35

35.1

(i) any transaction or arrangement with the Company or in which the Company
is otherwise interested; or

(ii) a proposed transaction or arrangement with the Company.

A Director shall, subject to sub-section 177(6) of the Act, be required to disclose all interests
whether or not material in any transaction or arrangement referred to in Article 34.1(a) and the
declaration of interest must (in the case of a transaction or arrangement referred to in Article
34.1(a){i))) and may (in the case of a transaction or arrangement referred to in Article
34.1(a){ii)), but need not, be made:

(a) ata meeting of the Directors; or

(b) by notice to the Directors in accordance with:
0) Section 184 of the Act (notice in writing); or
(ii) Section 185 of the Act (general notice).

The Directors may resolve that any situation referred to in Article 34.1(a) and disclosed to
them thereunder shal! also be subject to such terms as they may determine including, without
limitation, the terms referred to in paragraphs (i) to (iv) of Article 35.1(c).

DIRECTORS' INTERESTS OTHER THAN IN RELATION TO TRANSACTIONS OR
ARRANGEMENTS WITH THE COMPANY

For the purposes of Section 175 of the Act, the Directors shall have the power to authorise
any matter which would or might otherwise constitute or give rise to a breach of the duty of a
Director under that Section to avoid a situation in which he has, or can have, a direct or
indirect interest that conflicts, or possibly may conflict, with the interests of the Company. For
ihese purposes references to a conflict of interest includes a conflict of interest and duty and
a conflict of duties. This Article does not apply to a conflict of interest arising in relation to a
transaction or arrangement with the Company which are governed by Articles 34.1(a) to 34.3
inclusive:

{a) authorisation of a matter under this Article shall be effective only if:

(i) the matter in question shall have been proposed in writing (giving full
particulars of the relevant situation) for consideration at a meeting of the
Directors, in accordance with the Board's normal procedures or in such other
manner as the Directors may approve;

(ii) any requirement as to the quorum at the meeting of the Directors at which the
matter is considered is met without counting the Director in question and any
other interested Director (together the Interested Directors); and

(iii) the matter was agreed to without the Interested Directors voting or would
have been agreed to if the votes of the Interested Directors had not been
counted;

{b) any authorisation of a matter pursuant to this Article shall extend to any actual or
potential conflict of interest which may reasonably be expected to arise out of the
matter so authorised;

-33-

014-3684-721 9/1/EUROPE


===== page 43 =====
{c)

(a)

any authorisation of a matter under this Article shall be subject to such terms as the
Directors may determine, whether at the time such authorisation is given or
subsequently, and may be terminated by the Directors at any time Such terms may
include, without limitation, terms that the relevant Directors:

(i) will not be obliged to disclose to the Company or use for the benefit of the
Company any confidential information received by him otherwise than by
virtue of his position as a Director, if to do so would breach any duty of
confidentiality to a third party;

(ii) may be required by the Company to maintain in the strictest confidence any
confidential information relating to the Company which also relates to the
situation as a result of which the conflict arises (the conflict situation);

(iii) may be required by the Company not to attend any part of a meeting of the
Directors at which any matter which may be relevant to the conflict situation
is to be discussed, and not to view any board papers relating to such matters;
and

(iv) shall net be obliged to account to the Company for any remuneration or other
benefits received by him in consequence of the conflict situation,

a Director shall comply with any obligation imposed on him by the Directors pursuant
to any such authorisation; and

a Director shall not, save as otherwise agreed by him, be accountable to the
Company for any benefit which he (or a person connected with him) derives from any
matter authorised by the Directors under this Article and any contract, transaction or
arrangement relating thereto shall not be liable to be avoided on the grounds of any
such benefit.

Save as otherwise provided by these Articles, a Director shall not vote at a meeting of the
Board or of a committee of the Board on any resolution concerning a matter in which he has,
directly or indirectly, an interest (other than by virtue of his interest in shares, debentures or
other securities of ar in or otherwise through the Company) which is material, or a duty which
conflicts or may conflict with the interests of the Company, unless his interest or duty arises
only because one of the following Articles applies (in which case he may vote and be counted
in the quorum):

fa)

(b)

(c)

the resolution relates to the giving to him or any other person of a guarantee, security
or indemnity in respect of money lent to, or an obligation incurred by him or by any
other person at the request of or for the benefit of, the Company or any of its
subsidiary undertakings;

the resolution relates to the giving to a third party of a guarantee, security or
indemnity in respect of an obligation of the Company or any of its subsidiary
undertakings for which the Director has assumed responsibility in whole or in part and
whether alone or jointly with others under a guarantee or indemnity or by the giving of
security;

his interest arises by virtue of his being, or intending to become, a participant in the
underwriting or sub-underwriting of an offer of any shares, debentures or other

-34-

014-3684-7219/1 EUROPE


===== page 44 =====
35.3

35.4

(d)

(e)

)

securities by the Company or any of its subsidiary undertakings for subscription,
purchase or exchange;

the resolution relates to any proposal concerning any other company in which he is
interested, directly or indirectly, and whether as an officer or shareholder or otherwise
howsoever provided that he does not hold an interest in shares (as that term is used
in Part 22 of the Act) representing 1 per cent or more of either any class of the equity
share capital of such company or of the voting rights available to members of such
company (any such interest being deemed for the purpose of this Article to be a
material interest in all circumstances);

the resolution relates to any arrangement for the benefit of the employees of the
Company or any of its subsidiary undertakings, and/or the members of their families
(including a spouse or civil partner or a former spouse or former civil partner) or any
person who is or was dependent on such persons, including but without being limited
to a retirement benefits scheme and an employees' share scheme, which does not
award him any privilege or benefit not generally awarded to the employees to whom
such arrangement relates; or

the resolution relates to any proposal concerning any insurance which the Company
is empowered to purchase and/or maintain for or for the benefit of any of the
Directors or for persons who include Directors provided that, for the purposes of this
Article, insurance means only insurance against liability incurred by a Director in
respect of any act or omission by him as is referred to in Article 51 or any other
insurance which the Company is empowered to purchase and/or maintain for or for
the benefit of any groups of persons consisting of or including Directors.

For the purposes of Articles 34.1{a) to 35.2 inclusive:

(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

(e)

an interest of a person who is, for any purpose of the Act (excluding any such
modification thereof not in force when these Articles became binding on the
Company), connected with a Director shail be treated as an interest of the Director
and, in relation to an alternate Director, an interest of his appointor shall be treated as
an interest of the alternate Director without prejudice to any interest which the
alternate Director otherwise has;

an interest of which a Director has no knowledge and of which it is unreasonable to
expect him to have knowledge shall not be treated as an interest of his;

a Director shall be deemed to have disclosed the nature and extent of an interest
which consists of him being a director, officer or employee of any subsidiary
undertaking of the Company;

a Director need not disclose an interest if it cannot be reasonably regarded as likely
to give rise to a conflict of interest; and

a Director need not disclose an interest if, or to the extent that, the other Directors are
already aware of it (and for this purpose the other Directors are treated as aware of
anything of which they ought reasonably to be aware).

The Board may exercise the voting power conferred by the shares in any company held or
owned by the Company in such manner and in all respects as it thinks fit (including the
exercise thereof in favour of any resolution appointing the Directors or any of them directors

-35-

014-3684-7219/1/EUROPE


===== page 45 =====
36.5

35.6

35.7

36

36.1

36.2

37

37.1

37.2

37.3

38

38.1

of such company, or voting or providing for the payment of remuneration to the directors of
such company).

A Director shall not be counted in the quorum present at a meeting in relation to a resolution
‘on which he is not entitled to vote.

Where proposals are under consideration concerning the appointment (including the fixing or
varying of terms of appointment) of two or more Directors to offices or employments with the
Company or any body corporate in which the Company is interested, the proposals may be
divided and considered in relation to each Director separately and (provided he is not caught
by the proviso to Article 35.2(d) or for another reason precluded from voting) each of the
Directors concerned shall be entitled to vote and be counted in the quorum in respect of each
resolution except that concerning his own appointment.

tf a question arises at a meeting of the Board or of a committee of the Board as to the right of
a Director to vote, the question may, before the conclusion of the meeting, be referred to the
chairman of the meeting (or if the Director concerned is the chairman, to the other Directors at
the meeting) and his ruling in relation to any Director (er, as the case may be, the ruling of the
majority of the other Directors in relation to the chairman) shall be final and conclusive.
SECRETARY

Subject to the Statutes, the Secretary shall be appointed by the Board for such term, at such
remuneration and upon such conditions as it may think fit, and any Secretary appointed by
the Board may at any time be removed by it.

Any provision of the Statutes or these Articles requiring or authorising a thing to be done by or
to a Director and the Secretary shall not be satisfied by its being done by or to the same
person acting both as Director and as, or in place of, the Secretary.

MINUTES

The Board shall cause minutes to be kept:

(a) of all appointments of officers made by the Board;

(b) of proceedings at meetings of the Board and of any committee of the Board and the
names of the Directors present at each such meeting; and

(c) of all resolutions of the Company, proceedings at meetings of the Company or the
Holders of any class of shares in the Company.

Any such minutes, if purporting to be signed by the chairman of the meeting to which they
relate or of the meeting at which they are read, shall be sufficient evidence without any further
proof of the facts therein stated.

Any such minutes must be kept for the period specified by the Act.

THE SEAL

In addition to its powers under section 44 of the Act, the Company may have a Sea! and the
Board shall provide for the safe custody of such Seal. The Seal shalt only be used by the
authority of the Board or of a committee of the Board authorised by the Board. The Board

-36-

014-3684-7219/1/EUROPE


===== page 46 =====
38,2

38.3

39

39.1

39.2

39.3

39.4

shall determine who may sign any instrument to which the Seal is affixed and, unless
otherwise so determined, it shall also be signed by two Directors of the Company, one
Director and the Secretary of the Company or at least one authorised person in the presence
of a witness who attests the signature. For the purpose of this Article an authorised person is
any Director of the Company, Secretary or any person authorised by the Directors for the
purpose of signing documents to which the Seal is applied.

All forms of certificates for shares or debentures or representing any other form of security
(other than letters of allotment or scrip certificates) shall be issued executed by the Company
but the Board may by resolution determine, either generally or in any particular case, that any
signatures may be affixed to such certificates by some mechanical or other means or may be
printed on them or that such certificates need not bear any signature.

If the Company has:

{a) an official seal for use abroad, it may only be affixed to a document if its use on that
document, or documents of a class to which it belongs, had been authorised by a
resolution of the Directors; and

{b) a security seal, it may only be affixed to securities by the Secretary or a person
autharised to apply it to securities by the Secretary.

ACCOUNTING RECORDS, BOOKS AND REGISTERS

The Directors shall cause accounting records to be kept and such other books and registers
as are necessary to comply with the provisions of the Statutes and, subject to the provisions
of the Statutes, the Directors may cause the Company to keep an overseas or local or other
register in any place, and the Directors may make and vary such directions as they may think
fit respecting the keeping of the registers.

The accounting records shall be kept at the Office or (subject to the provisions of the
Statutes) at such other place in Great Britain as the Board thinks fit, and shall always be open
to inspection by the Directors. No Member (other than a Director) shall have any right of
inspecting any accounting record or book or document except as conferred by law or
authorised by the Board or by the Company in genera! meeting.

The Board shall, in accordance with the Statutes, cause to be prepared and to be laid before
the Company in general meeting such profit and loss accounts, balance sheets, group
accounts (if any) and reports as are required by the Statutes. The Board shall in its report
state the amount which it recommends to be paid by way of dividend.

A printed copy of every balance sheet (including every document required by law to be
annexed thereto) which is to be laid before the Company in general meeting and of the
Directors’ and auditors’ reports shall, at least twenty one Clear Days before the meeting, be
delivered or sent by post to every Member and to every debenture Holder of the Company of
whose address the Company is aware or, in the case of Joint Holders of any share or
debenture, to the Joint Holder who is named first in the Register and to the Auditors provided
that, if and to the extent that the Statutes so permit and without prejudice to Article 40.1, the
Company need not send copies of the documents referred to above to Members but may
send such Members summary financial statements or other documents authorised by the
Statutes.

-37-

(014-3684-7219/1/EUROPE


===== page 47 =====
40.1

40.2

40.3

41

414

41.2

42

42.41

42.2

43.1

43.2

AUDIT

Auditors of the Company shall be appointed and their duties regulated in accordance with the
Statutes.

The auditors’ report to the Members made pursuant to the statutory provisions as to audit
shall be laid before the Company in general meeting and shall be open to inspection by any
Member, and in accordance with the Statutes every Member shall be entitled to be furnished
with a copy of the balance sheet (including every document required by law to be annexed
thereto) and auditors’ report.

Subject to the provisions of the Statutes, all acts done by any person acting as an auditor
shall, as regards all persons dealing in good faith with the Company, be valid, notwithstanding
that there was some defect in his appointment or that he was at the time of his appointment
not qualified for the appointment or subsequently became disqualified.

AUTHENTICATION OF DOCUMENTS

Any Director or the Secretary or any person appointed by the Board for the purpose shall
have power to authenticate any documents affecting the constitution of the Company and any
resolutions passed by the Company or the Board and any books, records, documents and
accounts relating to the business of the Company, and to certify copies thereof or extracts
therefrom as true copies or extracts, and where any books, records, documents or accounts
are elsewhere than at the Office, the officer of the Company having the custody thereof shall
be deemed to be a person appointed by the Board, as aforesaid.

A document purporting to be a copy of a resolution, or an extract from the minutes of a
meeting of the Company or of the Board or of any committee of the Board which is certified as
such in accordance with Article 41.1 shall be conclusive evidence in favour of all persons
dealing with the Company on the faith thereof that such resolution has been duly passed or,
as the case may be, that such extract is a true and accurate record of proceedings at a duly
constituted meeting.

RECORD DATES

Notwithstanding any other provision of these Articles but without prejudice to the rights
attached to any shares, the Company or the Board may fix a date as the record date for any
dividend, distribution, allotment or issue and such record date may be on or at any time within
six Months before or after any date on which such dividend, distribution, allotment or issue is
declared, paid or made.

Where such a record date is fixed, references in these Articles to a Holder of shares or
Member to whom a dividend is to be paid or a distribution, allotment or issue is to be made
shall be construed accordingly.

DIVIDENDS

All dividends shall be paid in British pounds sterfing.

Subject to the Statutes, the Company may by ordinary resolution declare that out of profits
available for distribution there be paid dividends to Members in accordance with their

respective rights and priorities but no dividend shall exceed the amount recommended by the
Board.

014-2684-7219/1/EUROPE


===== page 48 =====
43.3

43.4

43.5

43.6

43.7

43.8

43.9

Except as otherwise provided by these Articles or the rights attached to any shares, all
dividends shall be declared and paid according to the amounts paid on the shares in respect
of which the dividend is paid; but no amount paid on a share in advance of the date upon
which a call is payable shall be treated for the purposes of this Article or Article 43.6 as paid
on the share.

All dividends shall be apportioned and paid proportionately to the amounts paid or credited as
paid on the shares during any portion or portions of the period in respect of which the
dividend is paid, but if any share is issued on terms providing that it shall rank for dividend as
from a particular date or be entitled to dividends declared after a particular date, such share
shall rank for or be entitled to dividends accordingly.

Any general meeting declaring a dividend may, upon the recommendation of the Board, by
ordinary resolution direct that it shall be paid or satisfied wholly or partly by the distribution of
specific assets, and in particular by paid-up shares or debentures of any other company, and
the Board shall give effect to such direction. If the shares in respect of which such a non-cash
distribution is paid are uncertificated, any shares in the Company which are issued as a non-
cash distribution in respect of them must be uncertificated. Where any difficulty arises in
regard to such distribution, the Board may settle it as it thinks expedient, and in particular may
issue fractional certificates or authorise any person to sell and transfer any fractions or may
ignore fractions altogether, and may fix the value for distribution purposes of such assets (or
any part thereof) and may determine that cash shall be paid to any Members upon the footing
of the value so fixed in order to secure equality of distribution, and may vest any such assets
in trustees, upon trust for the Members entitled to the dividend, as may seem expedient to the
Board.

Subject to the Statutes, the Board may from time to time pay to the Members such interim
dividends as appear to the Board to be justified by the profits of the Company available for
distribution and the position of the Company, and the Board may also pay the fixed dividend
payable on any shares of the Company with preferential rights half-yearly or otherwise on
fixed dates whenever such profits, in the opinion of the Board, justify that course. In particular
(but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing), if at any time the share capital of the
Company is divided into different classes, the Board may pay interim dividends on shares in
the capital of the Company which confer deferred or non-preferential rights as well as in
fespect of shares which confer preferential rights with regard to dividend, but no interim
dividend shall be paid on shares carrying deferred or non-preferential rights if, at the time of
payment, any preferential dividend is in arrears. Provided the Board acts in good faith, the
Board shall not incur any liability to the Holders of shares conferring any preferential rights for
any loss that they may suffer by reason of the lawful payment of an interim dividend on any
shares having deferred or non-preferential rights.

The Board may deduct from any dividend payable to any Member on or in respect of a share
all sums of money (if any) presently payable by him to the Company on account of calls or
otherwise in relation to shares in the Company.

All dividends and interest shall belong and be paid (subject to any lien of the Company) to
those Members whose names shall be on the Register at the date at which such dividend
shall be declared or at the date at which such interest shall be payable respectively, or at
such other date as the Company by ordinary resolution or the Board may determine,
notwithstanding any subsequent transfer or transmission of shares.

The Board may pay the dividends or interest payable on shares in respect of which any
person is by transmission entitled to be registered as Holder to such person upon production

-39-

014-3684-7219/1/EUROPE


===== page 49 =====
43.10

43.11

43.12

43.13

43.14

43.15

of such certificate and evidence as would be required if such person desired to be registered
as a Member in respect of such shares.

No dividend or other monies payable in respect of a share shall bear interest against the
Company unless otherwise expressly provided by the rights attached to the share. If
dividends, interest and other sums payable which are unclaimed for one Year after having
been declared, or in respect of at least two consecutive dividends payable on that share, the
cheque or warrant has been returned undelivered or remains uncashed (or that other method
of payment has failed), or following one such occasion, reasonable enquiries have failed to
establish any new address or account of the person entitled to the payment, they may be
invested or otherwise made use of by the Board for the benefit of the Company until such
time as they are claimed. The payment of any unclaimed dividend, interest or other sum
payable by the Company on or in respect of any share into a separate account shall not
constitute the Company a trustee of the same. All dividends unclaimed for a period of twelve
Years after having been declared shall be forfeited and shall revert to the Company.

The Company may pay any dividend, interest or other monies payable in cash in respect of
shares by direct debit, bank transfer, cheque, dividend warrant or money order. In respect of
shares in uncertificated form, where the Company is authorised to do so by or on behalf of the
Holder or Joint Holders in such manner as the Company shall from time to time consider
sufficient, the Company may also pay any such dividend, interest or other monies by means
of the Relevant System concerned (subject always to the facilities and requirements of that
Relevant System). Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, in respect of shares in
uncertificated form, such payment may include the sending by the Company or by any person
on its behalf of an instruction to the Operator of the Relevant System to credit the cash
memorandum account of the Holder or Joint Holders or, if permitted by the Company, of such
person as the Halder or Joint Holders may in writing direct.

Every such cheque, warrant or order may be remitted by post directed to the registered postal
address of the Holder or, in the case of Joint Holders, to the registered postal address of the
Joint Holder whose name stands first in the Register, or to such person and to such postal
address as the Holder or Joint Holders may in writing direct. Every such cheque, warrant or
order shall be made payable to or to the order of the person to whom it is sent, or to such
other person as the Holder or Joint Holders may in writing direct.

Every such payment made by direct debit or bank transfer shall be made to the Holder or
Joint Holders or to or through such other person as the Holder or Joint Holders may in writing
direct.

The Company shall not be responsible for any loss of any such cheque, warrant or order and
any payment made by direct debit, bank transfer, by means of a Relevant System or such
other method shall be at the sole risk of the Holder or Joint Holders. Without prejudice to the
generality of the foregoing, if any such cheque, warrant or order has or shall be alleged to
have been lost, stolen or destroyed, the Directors may, on request of the person entitled
thereto, issue a replacement cheque, warrant or order subject to compliance with such
conditions as to evidence and indemnity and the payment of out-of-pocket expenses of the
Company in connection with the request as the Directors may think fit.

Payment of such cheque, warrant or order, the collection of funds from or transfer of funds by
a bank in accordance with such direct debit or bank transfer or, in respect of shares in
uncertificated form, the making of payment in accordance with the facilities and requirements
of the Relevant System concerned shall in each case be a good discharge to the Company.

014-3684-7219/1/EUROPE


===== page 50 =====
43.16 Any one of two or more Joint Holders may give effectual receipts for any dividends or other
monies payable in respect of the share held by him as Joint Holder.

43.17

The Board may, if authorised by an ordinary resolution of the Company, offer the Holders of
ordinary shares (excluding any Member holding shares as treasury shares) the right to elect
to receive additional ordinary shares, credited as fully paid, instead of cash in respect of any
dividend or any part {to be determined by the Board) of any dividend specified by the ordinary
resolution. The following provisions shall apply:

(a)

{b)

(c)

(d)

(e)

an ordinary resolution may specify a particular dividend or dividends, or may specify
all or any dividends declared within a specified period, but such period may not end
later than the conclusion of the fifth annual general meeting following the date of the
meeting at which the ordinary resolution is passed;

the entitlement of each Holder of ordinary shares to new ordinary shares shall be
such that the relevant value of such new ordinary shares shall in aggregate be as
nearly as possible equal to (but not greater than) the cash amount (disregarding any
tax credit) that such Holder wauld have received by way of dividend. For this purpose
relevant value shall be calculated by reference to the average of the middle market
quotations for the Company's ordinary shares on the London Stock Exchange as
derived from the Daily Official List on the day on which the ordinary shares are first
quoted "ex" the relevant dividend and the four subsequent dealing days, or in such
other manner as may be determined by or in accordance with the ordinary resolution,
but shall never be less than the nominal value of the new ordinary share. A certificate
or report by the Auditors as to the amount of the relevant value in respect of any
dividend shall be conclusive evidence of that amount;

the Board shall, after determining the basis of allotment, notify the Holders of ordinary
shares in writing of the right of election offered to them, and (except in the case of
any Holder from whom the Company has received written notice in such form as the
Directors may require which is effective for the purposes of the relevant dividend that
such Holder wishes to receive shares instead of cash in respect of all future dividends
in respect of which a right of election is offered) shall send with, or following, such
notification, forms of election and specify the procedure to be followed and place at
which, and the latest time by which, elections must be lodged in order to be effective.
The basis of allotment shall be such that no shareholder may receive a fraction of a
share;

the Board may exclude from any offer any Holders of ordinary shares where the
Board believes that the making of the offer to them would or might involve the
contravention of the laws of any territory or that for any other reason the offer should
not be made to them;

the dividend (or that part of the dividend in respect of which a right of election has
been offered) shal! not be payable on ordinary shares in respect of which an election
has been made (the elected ordinary shares) and instead additional ordinary shares
shall be allotted to the Holders of the elected ordinary shares on the basis of
allotment calculated as stated. For such purpose the Board shall capitalise, out of any
amount for the time being standing to the credit of any reserve or fund (including any
share premium account, any capital reserve and the profit and loss account) or
otherwise available for distribution as the Board may determine, a sum equal to the
aggregate nominal amount of the additional ordinary shares to be allotted on that
basis and apply it in paying up in full the appropriate number of unissued ordinary

-44-

014-3684-7219/1/EUROPE


===== page 51 =====
45

45.1

45.2

shares for allotment and distribution to the Holders of the elected ordinary shares on
that basis;

(fy the Directors shall not proceed with any election unless the Company has sufficient
reserves or funds that may be capitalised to give effect to it after the basis of
allotment is determined;

(g) the additional ordinary shares when allotted shall rank pari passu in all respects with
fully paid ordinary shares then in issue except that they will not be entitled to
participate in the relevant dividend {including the share election in lieu of such
dividend); and

{h) the Board may do such acts and things which it considers necessary or expedient to
give effect to any such capitalisation and may authorise any person to enter on behalf
of all the Members interested into an agreement with the Company providing for such
capitalisation, and any incidental matters and any agreement so made shall be
binding on all concerned.

RESERVES

The Board may, before recommending any dividend (whether preferential or otherwise), set
aside out of the profits of the Company such sums as it thinks fit as a reserve or reserves
which shail, at the discretion of the Board, be applicable for any purpose to which the profits
‘of the Company may be properly applied, and pending such application may, also at such
discretion, either be employed in the business of the Company or be invested in such
investments as the Board may think fit, and so that it shall not be necessary to keep any
investments constituting the reserve or reserves separate or distinct from any other
investments of the Company. The Board may als, without placing the same to reserve, carry
forward any profits which it may think prudent not to distribute.

CAPITALISATION OF PROFITS

The Company may, upon the recommendation of the Board, resolve by ordinary resolution
that it be desirable to capitalise all or any part of the profits of the Company specified in Article
45.5 and accordingly that the Board be authorised and directed to appropriate the profits so
resolved to be capitalised to the Members as at the date specified in the relevant resolution or
determined as therein provided who would have been entitled thereto if distributed by way of
dividend and in the same proportions.

Subject to any direction given by the Company, the Board shall appropriate the profits
resolved to be capitalised by any such resolution, and apply such profits on behalf of the
Members entitled thereto either:

(a) in or towards paying up the amounts, if any, for the time being unpaid on any shares
held by such Members respectively; or

(b) in paying up in full unissued shares, debentures or obligations of the Company, of a
nominal amount equal to such profits, for allotment and distribution, credited as fully
paid, to and amongst such Members in the proportions referred to above or as they
may direct,

or partly in one way and partly in the other provided that no unrealised profit shall be applied
in paying up amounts unpaid on any issued shares and the only purpose to which sums

-42-

014-3684-7219/1 /EUROPE


===== page 52 =====
45.3

45.4

45.5

46

46.1

standing to capital redemption reserve or share premium account or any other undistributable
reserve or profits which are not available for distribution shall be applied pursuant to this
Article shall be the payment up in full of unissued shares to be allotted and distributed to
Members credited as fully paid.

The Board shall have power after the passing of any such resolution:

{a) to make such provision (by the issue of fractional certificates or by payment in cash or
otherwise) as it thinks fit for the case of shares, debentures or obligations becoming
distributable in fractions, such power to include the right for the Company to retain
small amounts the cost of distribution of which would be disproportionate to the
amounts involved;

{b) to authorise any person to enter, on behalf of all the Members entitled thereto, into an
agreement with the Company providing (as the case may require) either:

(i) for the payment up by the Company on behalf of such Members (by the
application thereto of their respective proportions of the profits resolved to be
capitalised) of the amounts, or any part of the amounts, remaining unpaid on
their existing shares; or

(il) for the allotment to such Members respectively, credited as fully paid, of any
further shares, debentures or obligations to which they may be entitled upon
such capitalisation,

and any agreement made under such authority shall be effective and binding on all such
Members.

The Company in general meeting may resolve that any shares allotted pursuant to Articles
45.1 to 45.3 (inclusive) to Holders of any partly paid ordinary shares shall, so long as such
ordinary shares remain partly paid, rank for dividends only to the extent that such partly paid
ordinary shares rank for dividends.

The profits of the Company to which Articles 45.1 to 45.3 (inclusive) apply shall be any
undivided profits of the Company not required for paying the fixed dividends on any
preference shares or other shares issued on special conditions and shall also be deemed to
include:

(a) any profits arising from appreciation in capital assets (whether realised by sale or
ascertained by valuation); and

(b) any amounts for the time being standing to any reserve or reserves or to the capital
redemption reserve or to the share premium or other special account.

NOTICES

Subject to the specific terms of any Article, any notice to be given to or by any person
pursuant to these Articles shall be in writing (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be
deemed to include a notice given in electronic form or by Website Communication), save that

a notice convening a meeting of the Board or of a committee of the Board need not be in
writing.

-43-

014-3684-7219/1/EUROPE


===== page 53 =====
46.2

46.3

46.4

46.5

Save as provided in Articles 46.5(a) and 46.5(b), any notice or other Shareholder Information
may be served by the Company on, or supplied by the Company to, any person personally or
by sending it by first-class post in a prepaid envelope addressed to such person at his postal
address as appearing in the Register or by sending or supplying it in electronic form or by
Website Communication in accordance with Article 46.5(b), In the case of Joint Holders of a
share all notices or other Shareholder Information shall be given or supplied to the Joint
Holder who is named first in the Register, and notice so given or other Shareholder
Information so supplied shall be sufficient notice or supply to all the Joint Holders. Any notice
to be given to a person may be given by reference to the Register as it stands at any time
within the period of fifteen days before the notice is given and no change in the Register after
that time shall invalidate the giving of the notice. Any notice to be given to a holder of shares
held in an uncertificated form shall be given by the Relevant System.

in the case of notices or other Shareholder Information sent by post, proof that an envelope
containing the Communication was properly addressed, prepaid and posted shall be
conclusive evidence that the notice was given or other Sharehoider Information sent. if the
Communication is made by first class post, it shall be deemed to be given or received at the
expiration of forty eight hours after the envelope containing it was posted. In calculating the
period of hours for the purposes of this Article no account shall be taken of Sundays or Bank
Holidays.

Any Member or person nominated to receive Shareholder Information whose address in the
Register is not within the United Kingdom and who gives to the Company a postal address
within the United Kingdom at which notices may be served upon him shall be entitled to have
notices served upon him at such postal address, but otherwise no such person, other than a
person whose address in the Register is within the United Kingdom, shall be entitled to
receive any notice from the Company. Any Member or person nominated by a Member to
receive Shareholder Information whose address in the Register is not within the United
Kingdom and who gives to the Company an address for the purposes of receipt of Electronic
Communications may, at the absolute discretion of the Board, have notices served upon him
at such address.

{a) Subject to the provisions of the Statutes, any notice or other Shareholder Information
(excluding a share certificate) will be validly sent or supplied if sent or supplied by the
Company to any Member or person nominated by a Member to receive Shareholder
Information in electronic form if that person has agreed {generally or specifically) (or,
if the Member is a company and it is deemed by the Statutes to have agreed) that the
Communication may be sent or supplied in that form and:

(i) the notice or other Shareholder Information is sent using electronic means
(as that term is used in section 1168 of the Act) to such address (or to one of
such addresses if more than one) as may for the time being be notified by the
Member to the Company (generally or specifically) for that purpose or, if the
intended recipient is a company, to such address as may be deemed by a
provision of the Statutes to have been so specified;

(ii) the notice or other Shareholder Information is sent or supplied in electronic
form by hand, handed to the recipient or sent or supplied to an address to
which it could validly be sent if it were in hard copy form; and

(iii) in each case that person has not revoked the agreement.

-44-

014-3684-7219/1/EYROPE.


===== page 54 =====
(b)

(c)

(d)

(e)

Subject to the provisions of the Statutes any notice or other Shareholder Information
{excluding a share certificate) will be validly sent or supplied by the Company if it is
made available by means of a Website Communication where that person has
agreed, or is deemed by the Statutes to have agreed (generally or specifically) that
the Communication may be sent or supplied to him in that manner and:

(i) that person has not revoked the agreement;

(ii) that person is notified in a manner for the time being agreed for the purpose
between that person and the Company of:

(A) the publication of the notice or other Shareholder Information on a
website;

(B) the address of that website; and

(C) the place on that website where the notice or other Shareholder
Information may be accessed and how it may be accessed;

(iii) the notice or other Shareholder Information continues to be published on the
website throughout the period specified in the Act; and

(iv) the notice or other Shareholder Information is published on the website
throughout the period referred to in Article 46.5(b)(iii) provided that if the
notice or other Shareholder Information is published on that website for a part
but not all of such period, the notice or other Shareholder Information will be
treated as published throughout that period if the failure to publish the notice
or other Shareholder Information throughout that period is wholly attributable
to circumstances which it would not be reasonable to have expected the
Company to prevent or avoid.

When any notice or other Shareholder Information is given or sent by the Company
by electronic means (as that term is used in section 1168 of the Act), it shall be
deemed to have been given on the same day as it was sent to an address supplied
by the Member or person nominated by the Member to receive Shareholder
Information, and in the case of the publication of a notice or other Shareholder
Information by Website Communication, it shall be deemed to have been received by
the intended recipient when the material was first made available on the website or, if
later, when the recipient received (or is deemed to have received) notice of the fact
that the material was available on the website pursuant to Article 46.5(b){ii). Proof
that a notice contained in an Electronic Communication was sent in accordance with
guidance issued by the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators shall be
conclusive evidence that the notice was given.

The Company may at any time and at its sole discretion choose to send or supply
notices, documents and information only in hard copy form to some or all Members.

Any provision of this Article 46.5 which refers to anything agreed, notified or specified
by a Member shall be deemed to have been validly agreed, notified or specified,

notwithstanding any provisions of the Statutes, if agreed, notified or specified by only
one and not all of the Joint Holders of any shares held in joint names.

-45-

014-3684-7219/1 EUROPE


===== page 55 =====
46.6

467

46.8

46.9

46.10

Where in accordance with these Articles a Member is entitled or required to give or send to
the Company a notice in writing, the Company may, if it in its absolute discretion so decides,
(and shall, if it is registered to do so or is deemed to have so agreed by any provision of the
Statutes) permit such notices (or specified classes thereof) to be sent to the Company by
such means of Electronic Communication as may from time to time be specified (or be
deemed by the Statutes to be agreed) by the Company, so as to be received at such address
as may for the time being be specified (or deemed by the Statutes to be specified) by the
Company (generally or specifically) for the purpose. Any means of so giving or sending such
notices by Electronic Communication shall be subject to any terms, limitations, conditions or
restrictions that the Directors may from time to time prescribe.

A Member or person nominated by the Member to receive Shareholder Information who
(having no registered address within the United Kingdom) has not supplied to the Company
either a postal address within the United Kingdom for the service of notices or an address for
the service of notices in electronic form, subject always to the terms of Article 46.5(a) shall not
be entitled to receive notices from the Company. If, on three consecutive occasions, a notice
to a Member or person nominated by the Member to receive Shareholder Information has
been returned undelivered or the Company receives notice that it is undelivered, such
Member shall not thereafter be entitled to receive notices from the Company until he shall
have communicated with the Company and supplied in writing to the Office a new postal
address within the United Kingdom for the service of notices or shall have informed the
Company, in such manner as may be specified by the Company, of an address for the service
of notices in electronic form, subject always to the terms of Article 46.5(a). For these
purposes, a notice sent by post shall be treated as returned undelivered if the notice is sent
back to the Company (or its agents) and a notice sent by Electronic Communication shall be
treated as returned undelivered if the Company (or its agents) receive(s) notification that the
notice was not delivered to the address to which it was sent.

Every person who becomes entitled to a share:

(a) except as mentioned in Article 46.8(b), shall be bound by any notice in respect of that
share which, before his name is entered in the Register, has been duly given to a
person from whom he derives his title; but

(b) shall not be bound by any such notice given by the Company under section 793 of
the Act or under Article 21.6.

if the postal service in the United Kingdom or some part of the United Kingdom is suspended
or restricted, the Directors only need to give notice of a meeting to shareholders with whom
the Company can communicate by electronic means and who have provided the Company
with an address for this purpose. The Company must also publish the notice in at feast one
United Kingdom national newspaper and make it available on its website from the date of
such publication until the conclusion of the meeting or any adjournment of the meeting. If it
becomes generally possible to send or supply notices by post in hard copy form at least six
Clear Days before the meeting, the Directors will send or supply a copy of the notice by post
to those who would otherwise receive it in hard copy form by way of confirmation.

A person entitled to a share in consequence of the death, mental disorder or bankruptcy of a
Member on supply to the Company of such evidence as the Board may reasonably require to
show his title to that share, and upon supplying also a postal address within the United
Kingdom for the service of notices and documents and, if he wishes, an address for the
service and delivery of Electronic Communications, shall be entitled (subject always to the
terms of Article 46.5) to have served on or delivered to him at such address any notice or

-46-

014-3684-7219/1 EUROPE.


===== page 56 =====
46.11

47

47.1

47.2

document to which the Member but for his death, menta! disorder or bankruptcy would have
been entitled, and such service or delivery shall for all purposes be deemed a sufficient
service or delivery of such notice or document on all persons interested (whether jointly with
or as claiming through or under him) in the share. Until such address or addresses have been
so supplied, any notice or other Shareholder Information may be sent or supplied in any
manner in which it might have been sent or supplied if the death, mental disorder or
bankruptcy had not occurred and if so sent or supplied shall be deemed to have been duly
sent or supplied in respect of any share registered in the name of such Member as sole or
first-named Joint Holder.

Any Member preseni, either personally or by proxy ar (in the case of a carporate Member) by
representative, at any general meeting of the Company or of the Holders of any class of
shares in the Company shall for all purposes be deemed to have received due notice of such
meeting and, where required, of the purposes for which such meeting was called.

UNTRACED MEMBERS

The Company shall be entitled to sell at the best price reasonably obtainable the shares of a
Member or the shares to which a person is entitled by virtue of transmission on death or
bankruptcy if and provided that.

(a) during the period of twelve Years prior to the date of the publication of the
advertisements referred to in Article 47.1(b) (or, if published on different dates, the
earlier or earliest thereof), no cheque or warrant or other method of payment for
amounts payable in respect of the share sent and payable in a manner authorised by
these Articles has been cashed or effected and no Communication has been received
by the Company from the Member or person concerned, and during that period at
least three dividends (either interim or final) in respect of the shares have become
payable and no dividend has been claimed during that period in respect of such
shares;

(b) the Company shall, on or after the expiry of the said twelve Years, have inserted
advertisements, both in a national newspaper and in a newspaper circulating in the
area of the last-known postal address of such Member or other person (or the postal
address at which service of notices may be effected in accordance with these
Articles), giving notice of its intention to sell the said shares;

(c) the said advertisements, if not published on the same day, shall be published within
thirty days of each other; and

(d) during the said period of twelve Years and the period of three Months following the
date of publication of the said advertisements (or, if published on different dates, the
tater or fatest thereof) and prior to the exercise of the power of sale, the Company
shall not have received an indication either of the whereabouts or of the existence of
such Member or person.

If, during the period referred to in Article 47.1(a), any additional shares have been issued by
way of rights in respect of shares held at the commencement of such period or in respect of

shares so issued previously during such period, the Company may, if the requirement of
Articles 47.1(a) to 47.1(d) have been satisfied, also sell such additional shares.

~47-

014-3684-7219/1/EUROPE


===== page 57 =====
47.3

474A

475

48.1

(a)

(b)

To give effect to any such sale the Company may:

(i) if the shares concerned are in uncertificated form, in accordance with the
Regulations and these Articles, issue a written notification to the Operator
requiring the conversion of the shares into certificated form;

(ii) after such conversion authorise any person to execute as transferor an
instrument of transfer of the said shares and/or take such other steps
{including the giving of directions to or on behalf of the Holder, who shall be
bound by them) as he thinks fit to effect the transfer, such instrument of
transfer to be as effective as if it had been executed by the Holder of, or
person entitled by transmission to, such shares; and

(iii) if the shares are in certificated form, the Board may authorise any person to
execute an instrument of transfer of the said shares to the purchaser or a
person nominated by the purchaser.

The purchaser shall not be bound to see to the application of the proceeds of sale, or
shall the title of the transferee be affected by any irregularity in or invalidity of the
proceedings relating thereto.

The net proceeds of sale shall belong to the Company which shall:

(a)

(b)

be obliged to account to the former Member or other person previously entitled as
aforesaid for an amount equal to such proceeds; and

(until the Company has so accounted) enter the name of such former Member or
other person in the books of the Company as a creditor for such amount.

No trust shall be created in respect of the debt, no interest shall be payable in respect of the
same and the Company shall not be required to account for any money earned on the net
proceeds which may be employed in the business of the Company or invested in such
investments (other than shares of the Company or its holding company (if any)) as the Board
may think fit.

DESTRUCTION OF DOCUMENTS

The Company shall be entitled to destroy:

(a)

(6)

at any time after the expiration of six Years from the date of registration thereof or on
which an entry in respect thereof shall have been made {as the case may be), all
instruments of transfer of shares of the Company which shall have been registered
and all letters of request, renounced allotment letters, renounceable share
certificates, forms of acceptance and transfers and applications for allotment in
respect of which an entry in the Register shall have been made;

at any time after the expiration of one Year from the date of cancellation thereof, all
registered certificates for shares of the Company (being certificates for shares in the
name of a transferor and in respect whereof the Company has registered a transfer)
and after the expiration of two Years, any and all mandates and other written

-48-

014-3684-7219/1/EUROPE


===== page 58 =====
48.2

49

49.1

49.2

directions as to the payment of dividends (being mandates or directions which have
been cancelled);

(c) at any time after the expiration of one Year from the date of the recording thereof, all
notifications of change of name or address (including addresses for the purpose of
receipt of Electronic Communications and any Nomination Notices); and

(d) at any time after the expiration of one Year from the date of the relevant meeting, all
notifications of proxy appointments.

It shall conclusively be presumed in favour of the Company that every entry in the Register
purporting to have been made on the basis of an instrument of transfer or other document so
destroyed was duly and properly made, and every instrument of transfer so destroyed was a
valid and effective instrument duly and properly registered, and every share certificate so
destroyed was a valid and effective certificate duly and properly cancelled, and every other
document hereinbefore mentioned was in accordance with the recorded particulars thereof in
the books or records of the Company provided always that:

{a) the foregoing provisions shall apply only to the destruction of a document in good
faith and without notice of any claim (regardiess of the parties thereto) to which the
document might be relevant;

(b) nothing contained in this Article or Article 48.1 shal} be construed as imposing upon
the Company any liability in respect of the destruction of any such document earlier
than as aforesaid or in any other circumstances which would not attach to the
Company in the absence of this Article or Article 48.1;

{c) references herein to the destruction of any document include references to its
disposal in any manner; and

(d) any document referred to in Articles 48.1(a), 48.1(b) and 48.1(c) may be destroyed at
a date earlier than that authorised by Article 48.1(a), provided that a permanent copy
of such document shall have been made which shall not be destroyed before the
expiration of the period applicable to the destruction of the original of such document
and in respect of which the Board shall take adequate precautions for guarding
against falsification and shall provide adequate means for its reproduction.

WINDING-UP

The power of sale of a liquidator shall include a power to sell wholly or partially shares or
debentures, or other obligations of another company, either then already constituted, or about
to be constituted, for the purpose of carrying out the sale.

On any voluntary winding-up of the Company, the liquidator may, with the sanction of a
special resolution of the Company and any other sanction required by the Act or the
Insolvency Act 1986 (as amended), divide among the Members in specie the whole or any
part of the assets of the Company and may, for that purpose, value any assets and determine
how the division shall be carried out as between the Members or different classes of
Members. Any such division shall be in accordance with the existing rights of the Members.
The liquidator may, with the like sanction, vest the whole or any part of the assets of the
Company in trustees on such trusts for the benefit of the Members as he, with the like
sanction, shall determine, but no Member shall be compelled to accept any assets on which
there is a liability.

-49-

014-3684-7219/1/EUROPE


===== page 59 =====
50

50.1

50.2

51

INDEMNITY

(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

(e)

The Company may indemnify, out of the assets of the Company, any director of either
the Company or any associated company against losses or liabilities which he may
sustain or incur in the performance of the duties of his office or otherwise in relation
thereto, provided that this Article 50.1(a) shall only have effect insofar as its
provisions are not void under sections 232 or 234 of the Act.

The Company may also indemnify, out of the assets of the Company, any director of
either the Company or any associated company where the Company or such
associated company acts as trustee of a pension scheme, against liability incurred by
him in connection with the relevant company’s activities as trustee of such scheme,
provided that this Article 50.1(b) shall only have effect in so far as its provisions are
not void under sections 232 or 234 of the Act.

Subject to sections 205(2) to (4) of the Act, the Company may provide a Director or
any director of an associated company with funds to meet expenditure incurred or to
be incurred by him in defending (or seeking relief in respect of) any civil or criminal
proceedings brought or threatened against him in connection with any alleged
negligence, default, breach of duty or breach of trust by him in relation to the
Company or an associated company or in connection with any application for relief
under the provisions mentioned in section 205(5) of the Act, and the Company shall
be permitted to take or omit to take any action or enter into any arrangement which
would otherwise be prohibited under sections 197 to 203 of the Act to enable a
Director to avoid incurring such expenditure.

Subject to section 206 of the Act, the Company may also provide a Director or any
director of an associated company with funds to meet expenditure incurred or to be
incurred by him in defending himself in an investigation by a regulatory authority or
against action proposed to be taken by a regulatory authority in connection with any
alleged negligence, default, breach of duty or breach of trust by him in relation to the
Company or any associated company and the Company shall be permitted to take or
omit to take any action or enter into any arrangement which would otherwise be
prohibited under sections 197 to 203 of the Act ta enable a Director to avoid incurring
such expenditure.

For the purpose of Articles 50.1(a), 50.1(b) and 50.1(d) the expression associated
company shall mean a company which is either a subsidiary or a holding company of
the Company or a subsidiary of such holding company as such terms are defined in
the Act.

This Article does not authorise any indemnity which would be prohibited or rendered void by
any provision of the Act or by any other provision of law.

INSURANCE

Subject to the provisions of the Act, the Board shall have the power to purchase and maintain
insurance for or for the benefit of any persons who are or were at any time Directors, officers
or employees of the Company, or of any company or body which is its holding company or in
which the Company or such holding company has an interest whether direct or indirect or
which is in any way allied to or associated with the Company or who were at any time trustees

-50-

014-3684-7219/1/EUROPE


===== page 60 =====
52

52.1

of any pension fund in which any employees of the Company or of any other such company
or body are interested including (without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing)
insurance against any liability incurred by such persons in respect of any act or omission in
the actual or purported execution and/or discharge of their duties and/or in the exercise or
purported exercise of their powers and/or otherwise in relation to their duties, powers or
offices in relation to the Company and/or any such other company, body or pension fund.

NOMINATION NOTICES

(a)

(b)

(d)

The Company may prescribe the form and content of Nomination Notices. Unless the
Company prescribes otherwise, a Nomination Notice shall:

i) state the name and address of the person nominated;

(ii) confirm that the Member holds shares in the Company on behalf of the
person nominated pursuant to the Nomination Notice;

(iii) specify whether the person nominated wishes to receive Shareholder
Information in hard copy form, in electronic form or by Website
Communication and include any further information which the Company will
need in order to use the means of Communication specified;

{iv) indicate whether the Information Rights are to be enjoyed only by the person
nominated, or whether the Member giving the notice may also continue to
enjoy them;

{v) specify the date from which it is to take effect;

(vi) specify the date on which it is to cease to have effect, or that it is to have
effect until further notice or until the Member concerned transfers or ceases
to hold any shares in the Company; and

(vii) be executed by or on behalf of the Member and the person nominated.
Subject to these Articles, the Company shall give effect to any Nomination Notice
received by it in accordance with these Articles but in accordance with section 146(5)
of the Act shall not be obliged to act on a nomination purporting to relate to certain
Information Rights only.

Anomination made by Nomination Notice shall cease to have effect:

{i) in accordance with its terms; or

{ii) in accordance with sections 148(3), 148(5) or 148(7) of the Act.

If the Company receives a document which purports to be a Nomination Notice but
which does not contain the required information or which is not given in the form
prescribed by the Company, the Company shail give effect to it in accordance with
section 147(5) to the extent that it is able to do so and shall notify the Member that it

is incomplete (and in what respect it is incomplete) and that the Company cannot give
full effect to it in its present form.

-51-

014-3684-7219/1/EUROPE


===== page 61 =====
§2.2

52.3

(e)

(a)
(b)

(c)

The Company shall be entitled to treat a Nomination Notice as surviving a
subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the Company's share capital.

The Company shall keep a record of all Nomination Notices which are in force.

The Company shall provide any Member, on request and without charge, with a copy
of the recards of Nomination Notices given by that Member in so far as it is able to da
so.

The Company may fix a record date for the enjoyment of Information Rights or for the
circulation of Shareholder Information to persons nominated by Nomination Notices.

Anything to be carried out by the Company in Articles 52.2(a) and 52.2(b) may instead be
carried out by the Company through its agents.

-52-

014-3684-7219/1/EUROPE
