

===== page 1 =====
Company number 09965297
PRIVATE COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES
WRITTEN RESOLUTIONS
of
ALPHA FMC TOPCO LIMITED (the "Company")
2 OCTOBER 2017 (the "Circulation Date”)
Pursuant to Chapter 2 of Part 13 of the Companies Act 2006, the directors of the Company
propose that the resolutions below are passed as ordinary resolutions and speciat resolutions,
as indicated (the "Resolutions").
ORDINARY RESOLUTIONS
RESOLUTION 1

THAT the sum of £49,996.85 being part of the profit and loss account of the Company be
and is hereby capitalised and appropriated as capital to the holders of:

(a) A shares of £0,00001 each in the capital of the Company ("A Shares");
{b) B81 shares of £0.00001 each in the capital of the Company ("B1 Shares");
(c) B2 shares of £0.00001 each in the capital of the Company ("B2 Shares");
(a) C1 shares of £0.00001 each in the capital of the Company ("C1 Shares");
fe) C2 shares of £0.00001 each in the capita! of the Company ("C2 Shares");
( D shares of £1.00 each in the capital of the Company ("D Shares"); and
(g) F shares of £0.00001 each in the capital of the Company ("F Shares"),
as appearing in the register of members as at the close of business on 2 October 2017 and
that the directors be and are hereby authorised to apply such sum in paying up in full (i)
294,431,102 A Shares, (ii) 48,685,261 B1 Shares, (iii) 35,592,880 B2 Shares, (iv) 60,982,801
Ci Shares, (v) 25,769,845 C2 Shares, (vi) 44,991 D Shares and (vii) 34,123,174 F Shares
(together, the "Bonus Shares"), in each case at the rate of 4,999 such new shares for every
existing share held by them.

” RESOLUTION 2
THAT the directors be and are hereby generally and unconditionally authorised pursuant to
section 551 of the 2006 Act to exercise all or any powers of the Company to allot the Bonus

Shares, provided that this authority shall expire (unless previously renewed, varied or revoked
by the Company in general meeting or by written resolution) on the fifth anniversary of the

date of this resolution.
| | | | | LAK
A09

#161 014-3808-6978/ EUROPE

>
a
r=)
z
fe)
=

19/02/2018
COMPANIES HOUSE



===== page 2 =====
SPECIAL RESOLUTIONS
RESOLUTION 3

THAT the Company be re-registered as a public company under the 2006 Act with the name
of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc.

RESOLUTION 4

THAT, subject to and with effect from the re-registration of the Company as a public company
under the Act, the draft articles of association attached to these resolutions at Annex 1 (the
“Interim Articles") be approved and adopted as the articles of association of the Company
in substitution for and to the exclusion of the existing articles of association.

AGREEMENT

Please read the notes at the end of this document before signifying your agreement to the
Resolutions.

The undersigned, the person entitled to vote on the above Resolutions hereby irrevocably
agrees to the Resolutions:

pate AOC TRRER 2011

OUP Nominees Limited

Date

acting In his capacity as a member of Dunedin
LLP acting in its capacity as designated member
of Dunedin (General Partner Il!) LLP acting in its
capacity as general partner of Dunedin Buyout
Fund HELP

014-3808-5978/1/EUROPE


===== page 3 =====
SPECIAL RESOLUTIONS
RESOLUTION 3

THAT the Company be re-registered as a public company under the 2006 Act with the name
of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting pic.

RESOLUTION 4
THAT, subject to and with effect from the re-registration of the Company as a public
company under the Act, the draft articles of association attached to these resolutions at

Annex 1 (the “Interim Articles") be approved and adopted as the articles of association of
the Company in substitution for and to the exclusion of the existing articles of association.

AGREEMENT

Please read the notes at the end of this document before signifying your agreement to the
Resolutions.

The undersigned, the person entitled to vote on the above Resolutions hereby irrevocably
agrees to the Resolutions:

Dae .2OCTOSER.2017..

in Buyout Fund |] LP

Dune

014-3808-6978/1/EUROPE



===== page 4 =====
NOTES

1

You can choose to agree to afl the Resolutions or none of them but you cannot agree
to only one af the Resolutions. If you agree to all of the Resolutions, please indicate
your agreement by signing and dating this document where indicated opposite your
Name above and returning it to the Company using one of the following methods:

« By Hand: delivering the signed copy to the registered office of the Company.

+ By Post: returning the signed copy by post to the registered office of the
Company.

If you do not agree to the Resolutions, you do not need to do anything: you will not
be deemed to agree if you fail to reply.

Once you have indicated your agreement to the Resolutions, you may not revoke
your agreement,

Unless, by 28 days from the Circulation Date (as defined above), sufficient
agreement has been received for the Resolutions to pass, they will lapse. If you
agree to these Resolutions, please ensure that your agreement reaches us before or
during this date.

In the case of joint holders of shares, only the vote of the senior holder who votes will
be counted by the Company. Seniority is determined by the order in which the
names of the joint holders appear in the register of members.

If you are signing this document on behalf of a person under a power of attorney or

other authority please send a copy of the relevant power of attorney when returning
this document.

(014-3808-4978//EUROPE



===== page 5 =====
THE COMPANIES ACT 2006
PRIVATE COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
of
ALPHA FINANCIAL MARKETS CONSULTING PLC
Registered No. 09965297

CONSTITUTION

The Company is a public company within the meaning of section 4(1) of the
Companies Act 2006 (the "2006 Act" or “CA06") established subject to the
Provisions of the 2006 Act including any statutory modification or re-
enactment thereof for the time being in force and the articles contained in The
Model Form Articles for private companies limited by shares as set out in The
Companies (Model Articles) Regulations 2008 (Statutory Instrument 2008 No.
3229) (the "Model Articles") with the exception of articles 2, 14, 17 to 20
(inclusive), 22(2), 24(2)(c), 26, 38, 41, 44(1), 44(2), 52 and 53, and of any other
articles which are inconsistent with the additions and modifications
hereinafter set forth.

The liability of the members is limited to the amount, if any, unpaid on the
shares held by them.

In accordance with the 2006 Act the objects of the Company shall be
unrestricted.

The name of the Company may be changed by resolution of the Board (with
Investor Director Consent).

INTERPRETATION

In these Articles, unless the context otherwise requires, words and
expressions shall bear the meaning ascribed to them in Schedule Part 1 of
these Articles and the Schedule comprising Parts 1 and 2 shall be part of and
construed as one with these Articles,

SHARE CAPITAL
The issued share capital of the Company as at the date of adoption of these
Articles is £50,003.357955 divided into 294,490,000 A Shares, 48,695,000 B1
Shares, 35,600,000 B2 Shares, 60,995,000 Ci Shares, 25,775,000 C2 Shares,
45,000 D Shares, 34,130,000 F Shares and 1,301,591 Preference Shares.
RIGHTS ATTACHING TO THE SHARES

The rights and restrictions attaching to the shares are as follows:

014-3812-0836/2/EUROPE



===== page 6 =====
7.1,

EQUITY SHARES

Income

7.11,

Any profits which the Directors may lawfully determine to distribute
in respect of any financial year shall be distributed amongst the
holders of the Equity Shares (in respect of their Equity Shares only)
pro rata and pari passu as if the Equity Shares constituted a single
class of shares.

Capital/Exit Proceeds

7.1.2. The:

(a) capital and assets of the Company on a winding-up or other
return of capital available for distribution to the holders of the
Equity Shares; or

(b) proceeds of any Share Sale or of any Drag Sale (as the case may
be) in respect of the shares being sold,

{in either case after the payment of any sums due in respect of the
Preference Shares pursuant to clause 23 of the Investment Agreement
or Article 7.3.2 or Article 7.3.3 (as the case may be)), shall be
distributed/shared amongst (aa) in the case of Article 7.1.2(a) the
holders of the Equity Shares (in respect of their Equity Shares only)
pro rata and pari passu as if the Equity Shares constituted a single
class of shares or (bb) in the case of Article 7.1.2(b), the sellers of
Equity Shares (in respect of the Equity Shares which they are selling
only), pro rata according to the proportion of the total number of
Equity Shares being sold by all such sellers in respect of the Share Sale
or Drag Sale represented by the number of Equity Shares being sold
by each such seller (and on the basis that such Equity Shares rank pari
passu as if they constituted a single class of shares).

Voting

7.13.

Subject to Articles 7.1.4, 7.1.5 and 7.5 and to any rights or restrictions
for the time being attached to any class or classes of shares:

(a) the A Shares and the D Shares (the "Voting Ordinary Shares")
shall entitle any holder thereof to receive notice of, and to
attend and speak, at any general meeting and on a poll each
Voting Ordinary Share shall carry one vote;

(b) the holders of the A Shares (as a class) shall be entitled to cast
100% of the voting rights that are not capable of being cast by
the holders of D Shares pursuant to paragraph (c) below and
where there is more than one holder of A Shares each holder
shall be entitled to cast that proportion of the voting rights
capable of being cast by holders of A Shares that his holding of
A Shares bears to the total number of A Shares in issue;

014-3812-0636/2/EUROPE



===== page 7 =====
714,

©)

@)

the holders of the D Shares (as a class) shall be entitled to cast
45% of the total number of voting rights capable of being cast
by all holders of Voting Ordinary Shares and where there is
more than one holder of D Shares the voting rights capable of
being cast by the holders of the D Shares shall be divided
equally amongst all holders of the D Shares in issue; and

the holders of each of the other Equity Shares shall be entitled
to receive notice of, to attend but not speak or vote at any
general meeting of the Company.

Every vote at every general meeting of the Company shall be taken by
way of a poll only unless otherwise agreed by Investor Director
Consent.

In relation to any resolution proposed to remove any Director
appointed pursuant to Article 44, the A Shares voting on such
resolution shall carry such number of votes as is required to defeat the
resolution.

Other shareholder/ class consent matters

TAS.

{a)

b)

In addition to any other approval required by Jaw or these
Articles, those matters set out in Part 2 of the Schedule shall
require prior approval by A Shareholder Consent.

If any act or omission of the Company requires a resolution of
the members in general meeting and/or any class consent of
the B1, B2, C1, C2, D (provided always that the provisions of
this Article 7,1,5(b) shall only apply in relation to the D Shares
in the event that Article 7.1.6(b) applies), F, Preference and/or
Deferred Shares in terms of the 2006 Act (the “Action"), the
following provisions shall apply:

(i) If the Action requires approval under clause 8.5 of the
Investment Agreement and such approval is obtained,
each holder of Equity Shares (other than A Shares),
Deferred Shares and/or Preference Shares shall be
deemed to have appointed as his attorney and agent
any person nominated by the members representing A
Shareholder Consent which person shall have the sole
power and authority to exercise all and any voting
rights (including, without limitation, voting on any
written resolution of the Company's shareholders or
voting at any class meeting or on any class consent or
written class resolution) attaching to the shares held by
him in his name and on his behalf in order to approve
and implement the Action.

014-3812-0838/2/EUROPE



===== page 8 =====
7.2.

(ii) If the Action does not require approval under clause 8.5
of the Investment Agreement, each holder of Equity
Shares (other than A Shares), Deferred Shares and/or
Preference Shares shall be deemed to have appointed
as his attorney and agent any person nominated by the
members representing A Shareholder Consent which
person shall have the sole power and authority to
exercise all and any voting rights (including, without
limitation, voting on any written resolution of the
Company's shareholders or voting at any class meeting
or on any class consent or written class resolution)
attaching to the shares held by him in his name and on
his behalf in order to approve and implement the
Action,

7.16,

(a) The only acts or omissions of the Company which will require
a class consent of the D Shares shall be as set out in Schedule
Part 7D (Part A) of the Investment Agreement, and such class
consent of the D Shares may be given by the holders of a
majority of the D Shares then in issue (excluding any D Shares
in which any Leaver and/or any Permitted Transferee of any
such Leaver holds any interest or to which Article 7.5 applies).

(b) If Leavers and/or Permitted Transferees of any Leaver hold
interests in all of the D Shares or if Article 7.5 applies to all of
the D Shares, Article 7.1.6(a) shall not apply and instead
Article 7,1,5(b) shail apply in respect of the D Shares.

REDEEMABLE DEFERRED SHARES
Income

7.2.1. No dividend may be paid in respect of any Redeemable Deferred
Share.

Capital/Exit Proceeds

7.2.2. The holders of Redeemable Deferred Shares shall not be entitled to
receive, on a return of capital on liquidation or otherwise, the surplus
assets of the Company remaining after payment of its liabilities.

Voting

7.2.3, Redeemable Deferred Shares shall not entitle the holder thereof to
attend or vote at any general meeting of the Company.

Redemption of Redeemable Deferred Shares

7.2.4. Subject to the 2006 Act and of every other statute for the time being in
force concerning companies and affecting the Company, the

014.9812-0836/2/EUROPE



===== page 9 =====
7.3.

7.25.

7.2.6.

Company shall have the right at any time to redeem the whole or any
number of the Redeemable Deferred Shares in issue.

The Company shall pay in respect of each Redeemable Deferred Share
redeemed the nominal value of the Redeemable Deferred Share.

On the due date, the Company shall pay to each registered holder of
Redeemable Deferred Shares the amount payable in respect of such
redemption. On receipt of that amount, each such holder shall
surrender to the Company the certificate for the shares that are to be
redeemed (or an indemnity in a form reasonably satisfactory to the
Board in respect of any lost share certificate) to be cancelled. If any
certificate (or indemnity) so surrendered includes any shares that are
not redeemable at that time, the Company shall issue a new share
certificate for the balance of the shares not redeemable to the holder. If
there is more than one holder of Redeemable Deferred Shares, any
redemption shall be made among such holders pro rata (as nearly as
possible) to their respective holdings of Redeemable Deferred Shares.

PREFERENCE SHARES

Income

7.31.

No dividend may be paid in respect of any Preference Share.

Capital/Exit Proceeds

73.2.

Other than in the event that clause 23 of the Investment Agreement
applies, in a winding-up of the Company from the assets of the
Company available to the holders of shares the holders of Preference
Shares (in respect of their Preference Shares only) shall (subject always
to Article 7.3.11) receive in priority to any payment in respect of any
other share an amount per Preference Share equal to (i) £1 (the
“Principal Value") plus (ii) a sum equal to 8% per annum which shall
be deemed to accrue on the Outstanding Value (as defined below)
from day to day on the basis of a 365 day year (or a 366 day year in the
case of a leap year) from the date of issue of the Preference Shate until
the earliest of (and including) the date of redemption of the relevant
Preference Share and the date of winding-up of the Company. The
Premium (if any) which has accrued as at each anniversary of the
Investment Date will be compounded with the Principal Value
outstanding immediately following such anniversary (and such
Principal Value plus any such compounded sums from time to time
shall be the "Outstanding Value"). The total sum calculated under (ii)
{including any compounded sums (but excluding the Principal
Value)) shall be deemed to be the "Premium" for the purpose of these
Articles, Upon payment of the amounts referred to in this Article 7.3.2
the Preference Shares shall not be entitled to any further amount of
capital or distribution. If the assets of the Company available to
shareholders are less than the amount which would be due to all
Preference Shares under the foregoing provisions of this Article 7.3.2

014-3812-0836/2/EUROPE.



===== page 10 =====
73.3,

73.4.

(the “Preference Proceeds"), those Preference Proceeds will be
distributed in accordance with clause 23 of the Investment Agreement.

In the event of a Share Sale or a Drag Sale (other than in the event that
clause 23 of Investment Agreement applies), the holders of Preference
Shares (in respect only of the Preference Shares which they are selling)
shall (subject always to Article 7.3.11) receive from the proceeds of the
Share Sale or the Drag Sale available in respect of the shares being
sold in priority to any other share an amount per Preference Share
equal to the Principal Value plus the Premium (to be calculated up to
{and including) the date of completion of the Share Sale or Drag Sale)
and shall not be entitled to any further participation in the proceeds of
the Share Sale or the Drag Sale. If the proceeds of the Share Sale or the
Drag Sale available in respect of the share being sold are less than the
amount which would be due under the foregoing provisions of this
Article 7.3.3 in respect of the Preference Shares which are being sold
(the "Preference Proceeds"), those Preference Proceeds will be
distributed in accordance with clause 23 of the Investment Agreement.
For the avoidance of any doubt, subject always to Article 7.3.11, the
only value which a Preference Share shall be entitled to upon its
realisation shall be (and shall not exceed) the amount determined and
payable in accordance with and pursuant to the foregoing provisions
of this Article 7.3.3 or Articles 7.3.6-7.3.10 or Article 40 or Articles 41.3-
41.4 or Articles 42,4-42.6 or Articles 43.7-43.11.

Subject to clause 23 of the Investment Agreement (if applicable), as
between the holders of Preference Shares, the assets or proceeds due
to them under Article 7.3.2 or 7.3.3 {as the case may be) shall be
allocated across all of the relevant Preference Shares pari passu and
pro rata to the number of Preference Shares held by each holder.

Voting

7.3.5.

Preference Shares shall not entitle the holder thereof to attend or vote
at any general meeting of the Company,

Redemption of Preference Shares

7.3.6.

73.7.

Subject to the 2006 Act and of every other statute for the time being in
force concerning companies and affecting the Company, the Relevant
Preference Shares shall be redeemed in full on the Loan Note
Repayment Date by the Company giving notice of the redemption to
the relevant holder(s) of Preference Shares (the "Redemption Notice").
Those shares shall be redeemed immediately following the issue of the
Redemption Notice(s) by the Company (the "Redemption Date").

On the Redemption Date, subject always to Article 7.3.11, the
Company shall pay in respect of each Relevant Preference Share the
Principal Value plus the Premium (to be calculated up to (and
including) the Redemption Date).

(014-3812-0836/2/EUROPE



===== page 11 =====
7.3.8.

73.9,

7.3.10.

On any Redemption Date the Company shall pay to each registered
holder of Relevant Preference Shares the amount payable in respect of
such redemption. On receipt of that amount, each such holder shall
surrender to the Company the certificate for the shares that are to be
redeemed (or an indemnity in a form reasonably satisfactory to the
Board in respect of any lost share certificate) to be cancelled. If any
certificate (or indemnity) so surrendered includes any shares that are
not redeemable at that time, the Company shall issue a new share
certificate for the balance of the shares not redeemable to the holder. If
there is more than one holder of Relevant Preference Shares, any
redemption shall be made among such holders pro rata (as nearly as
possible) to their respective holdings of Preference Shares.

If, on any Redemption Date, the Company is prohibited from
redeeming some or all of the Relevant Preference Shares then due to
be redeemed, the Company shall redeem such number of Relevant
Preference Shares as it is lawfully able to redeem. If there is more than
one holder whose Preference Shares are due to be redeemed, those
Relevant Preference Shares shall be redeemed in proportion as nearly
as possible to their existing holdings of Preference Shares and the
Company shall redeem the balance of those shares as soon as
practicable.

For so long as the Company is prohibited from redeeming Relevant
Preference Shares, and some or all of the Relevant Preference Shares
have not been redeemed, the Premium thereon (other than in respect
of any Preference Shares to which the definition of Preference Share
Leaver Date apply) shall continue to accrue down to and including the
date on which such shares are actually redeemed. If the Company fails
to make any partial redemption of Relevant Preference Shares, then
subsequent redemptions of Preference Shares shall be deemed to be of
those Preference Shares that first became due for redemption.

Preference Shares held by or on behalf of a Leaver

73.11.

Unless otherwise agreed by the Remuneration Committee, the
following provisions shall apply upon the Termination Date in respect
of any Bad Leaver or Very Bad Leaver (but for the avoidance of any
doubt the Preference Shares held by a Good Leaver or to which a
Good Leaver is entitled shall not be affected by the following
provisions of this Article 7.3.11);

{a) if a Preference Share Leaver Date has arisen as a result of the
relevant person being a Very Bad Leaver, the Preference
Shares which are the subject of any such event as determined
within the definition of Preference Share Leaver Date shall
cease to be entitled to any of the accrued or future rights set
out in these Articles (including without limitation any
Premium or any of the accrued or future rights in respect of
capital/ exit proceeds or redemption set out above) and those
Preference Shares shall automatically (and without any need

014-2812. 0836/2/EUROPE,



===== page 12 =====
7.3.12.

for approval from any shareholder) convert on a one for one
basis into Deferred Shares immediately upon notice to that
effect being served on the Company by an Investor Director or
by the holders of the majority of the A Shares;

(b) if a Preference Share Leaver Date arises as a result of the
relevant person being a Bad Leaver, the Preference Shares
which are the subject of any such event as determined in
accordance with the definition of Preference Share Leaver Date
shall cease to be entitled to any accrued or future amount of
Premium and (subject to a Bad Leaver not being a Very Bad
Leaver in which case Article 7.3.11(a) shall apply) the amount
per Preference Share due in respect of such Preference Shares
in terms of Articles 7.3.2, 7.3.3 or upon redemption of any such
Preference Share shall be restricted to £1 per Preference Share.

For the avoidance of any doubt the Preference Shares held by a Bad
Leaver or a Good Leaver shall not be subject to compulsory transfer
under Article 37.

Any deferred shares arising under Article 7.3.11(a) shall have the
tights and are subject to the restrictions set out below, namely:

(a) no right to participate in or receive any dividends declared,
made or paid by the Company;

(b) —_ norright to receive notice of or attend or vote at any general or
class meeting (other than a class meeting of the Deferred
Shares) of the Company;

(e) A Shareholder Consent shall be required for any transfer of
Deferred Shares;

(d) the right on a return of assets in a winding-up to a repayment
of the capital paid up on such shares after the rights of all
holders of Equity Shares have been discharged in full and a
sum of £100,000 has been paid in respect of each issued Equity
Share in the capital of the Company, but no other right to
participate in the assets of the Company; and

(e) the holders of the majority of the A Shares shall have
irrevocable authority at any time to appoint any person to
execute on behalf of the holders of the deferred shares a
transfer thereof and/or an agreement to transfer the same,
without making any payment to the holders thereof, to such
person as the holders of the majority of the A Shares may
determine as custodian thereof and to cancel and/or purchase
the same (in accordance with the provisions of statute) without
making any payment to or obtaining the sanction of the
holders thereof and pending the transfer and/or cancellation
and/or purchase to retain the certificate for such shares;

014-3812-0836/2/EUROPE



===== page 13 =====
but so that none of the rights or restrictions attached to such Deferred
Shares shall be or be deemed to be varied or abrogated in any way by
the passing or coming into effect of any resolution of the Company to
reduce its share capital and/or reduce or cancel (as the case may be)
its share premium account (including, without limitation, a resolution
to reduce the capital paid up on, and to cancel, such Deferred Shares),

Interaction with the Loan Notes and the Finance Documents

7.3.13. In the event of a variation of any of the rights or other terms of the
Loan Notes in accordance with the Loan Note Instruments (the "Loan
Note Changes") and the Loan Note Changes being approved if such
approval is so required under the Investment Agreement and/or any
of the Finance Documents, the following provisions of this Article
7.3.13 shall apply:

(a) each holder of Preference Shares shall exercise all and any class
voting rights attaching to the Preference Shares held by him as
directed in writing by the holders of the majority of the A
Shares in order to implement changes to the rights and other
terms of any Preference Share the effects of which are
equivalent to the effects of any Loan Note Change;

(b) for the avoidance of doubt, a reduction in the value repayable
in respect of Preference Shares under Articles 7.3.2-7.3.4
and/or 7.3.6-7.3.10 shall be possible (if the Loan Note Change
(so approved, as aforesaid) relates to an equivalent
proportionate reduction in the value repayable in respect of
Loan Notes) and a conversion of Preference Shares into
ordinary or other shares (if the Loan Note Change (so
approved, as aforesaid) relates to an equivalent proportionate
capitalisation of Loan Notes).

7.3.14. In the event that any right or term of any of the Loan Notes is
restricted by the operation of any term of the Investment Agreement
and/or any Finance Documents (the "Loan Note Restriction"), each
holder of Preference Shares (i) agrees that the effect of that Loan Note
Restriction shall be deemed to apply to have the same effect on the
rights and terms of the Preference Shares and (ii) shall exercise all and
any class voting rights attaching to the Preference Shares held by him
as directed in writing by the holders of the majority of the A Shares in
order to implement changes to the rights and other terms of any
Preference Share the effect of which are equivalent to the effect of the
Loan Note Restriction.

7.3.15. If any act of the Company requires a class consent of the Preference
Shares in terms of the 2006 Act, the holders of Preference Shares
hereby agree the following (subject to obtaining any approval which is
required in respect of such act under clause 8.5 of the Investment
Agreement):

014-3812-0836/2/EUROPE



===== page 14 =====
7A,

10

a if such act of the Company gives rise to a Loan Note Change
pany gr 8
(as defined in Article 7.3.13); or

(b) if such act of the Company does not require the consent of
holders of Loan Notes in terms of any Loan Note Instrument,

each holder of Preference Shares hereby appoints as his attorney and
agent any person nominated by the holders of the majority of the A
Shares to give any such class consent in his name and on his behalf.

EVENT OF DEFAULT

Each and every time there is an Event of Default and a written notice thereof
has been served upon the Company by the holders of the majority of the A
Shares:

74.1. each member shall exercise all and any voting rights (including,
without limitation, voting on any written resolution of the Company's
shareholders or voting at any class meeting or on any class consent or
written class resolution) attaching to the shares held by him as
directed in writing by the holders of the majority of the A Shares;
and/or

7.4.2, subject to clause 18.5 of the Investment Agreement (if applicable), each
member (other than holders of A Shares) shall not be entitled to
teceive (without Investor Director Consent) any further securities in
the Company issued by way of rights issue or otherwise; and/or

7.4.3, new securities may be issued by the Company (with Investor Director
Consent), ranking ahead of or pari passu with any securities of any
member of the Group which are already in issue, and amendments to
these Articles may be made in respect thereof (with Investor Director
Consent); and/or

74.4, the holders of the majority of the A Shares may, by notice in writing
addressed to the Company signed by or on behalf of each of them and
delivered to the Office, appoint any person or persons to be a Director
and/or remove from office any Director.

Each member (other than any holder of A Shares) hereby appoints as his
attorney and agent any person nominated by the holders of the majority of
the A Shares to take any actions in his name and on his behalf to implement
all or any of the provisions of this Article 7.4. For the avoidance of doubt, the
foregoing provisions of this Article 7.4 shall apply without prejudice to any
requirement for approvals under clause 8 of the Investment Agreement (save
that under no circumstances shall it be necessary to obtain any approval of
any holder of shares (other than the holders of the majority of the A Shares)
under such clause or otherwise in order to serve the written notice referred to
at the beginning of this Article 74 or to appoint or remove any Director
under Article 7.4.4). Subject to any further Events of Default arising, the
provisions of this Article 7.4 shall;

014-3812-0826/2EUROPE



===== page 15 =====
75.

11

(a) in the case of the circumstances at paragraph (i) of the definition of
Event of Default existing, continue to apply until the Loan Notes
required to be redeemed or any interest due has been paid;

(b) in the case of the circumstances at paragraph (ii), (iii) or (iv) of the
definition of Event of Default existing, continue to apply for so long as
such breach or failure subsists and has not been rectified to the
reasonable satisfaction of the holders of the majority of the A Shares.

DISENFRANCHISEMENT

7.5.1, The provisions of Article 7.5.2 shall apply:

(a) if, at any time without Investor Director Consent, any person
(other than any holder of A Shares) has transferred shares or
any interest therein or any other security (or interest therein) in
any member of the Group therein in breach of any provision of
these Articles or the Nominee Agreement or the B Loan Note
Transfer Agreement;

(b) if, at any time without Investor Director Consent, any person
{other than any holder of A Shares) is in material breach of any
provision of these Articles and/or the Investment Agreement
and/or the Nominee Agreement and/or the B Loan Note
Transfer Agreement or any former member (if still bound by
the Investment Agreement) (other than an Investor) is in
material breach of any provision of the Investment Agreement;
or

(c) if any person becomes a Leaver.

7.5.2. If any of the circumstances stated in Article 7.5.1 have occurred in

respect of the person referred to Article 7.5.1 (the "Defaulting
Person"), then, unless otherwise agreed in writing by the holders of
the majority of the A Shares:

(a) the shares in which such Defaulting Person or any Permitted
Transferee of such Defaulting Person or the Nominee (or
Permitted Transferee thereof) (in such capacity) holds any
legal or beneficial interest or to which he is entitled pursuant
to the Nominee Agreement or otherwise; and

(b) any shares (or interests therein) formerly held by such
Defaulting Person or any Permitted Transferee of such
Defaulting Person or the Nominee (or Permitted Transferee
thereof) {in such capacity) which have been transferred either
in breach of the provisions of these Articles or in accordance
with Article 36 or the Nominee Agreement,

shall cease to entitle the holder of such shares (or any proxy, attorney

or other representative) (other than a holder of A Shares) to receive
notice of or to attend and vote (whether on a show of hands or on a

(014-3812.0836/2/EUROPE



===== page 16 =====
75.3,

12

poll) at any general meeting or at any separate class meeting of the
Company (and as such these shares will be deemed to be non-voting
in respect of any written resolutions, written class consents or any
other written consents required in respect of a member's equity
investment in the Group) or (ii) be entitled to receive any further
securities issued by way of rights issue (or otherwise) from the date of
any breach referred to at Article 7.5.1(a) or 7.5.1{b), or the Termination
Date of the Leaver {as the case may be). Each holder of the shares
referred to in the foregoing provisions of this Article 7.5.2 hereby
appoints as his attorney and agent any person nominated by the
holders of the majority of the A Shares to take any actions in his name
and on his behalf to implement all or any of the provisions of this
Article 7.5.

The provisions of Article 7.5.2 shall continue to apply:

(a) in the case of Articles 7.5.1(a) or 7.5.1(b) applying, for so long
as such breach subsists;

(b) in the case of Article 7.5.1(c) applying, until such time as the
televant shares have been transferred pursuant to the
provisions of Articles 37 and 38; and

(c) notwithstanding any other provisions in these Articles, if any
Leaver or any Permitted Transferee of any Leaver or the
Nominee (or any Permitted Transferee thereof) (in that
capacity) retains any interest in any shares (whether or not
registered in the name of the Nominee or any other person)
after the operation in full of the provisions of Articles 37 and
38 whilst the Nominee or any other holder of such shares (or
any person who has acquired such shares under a permitted
transfer (directly or indirectly) under Article 36) continues to
hold such shares.

76. PUT OPTION

7.6.1.

For a period of three calendar months from the date on which any B2
or C2 Shares are issued (the “Relevant Period”), any holder (the
“Putting Shareholder”) of B2 or C2 Shares (the “Put Shares”) shall
have the option (the “Put Option”) exercisable by irrevocable notice in
writing to the Company, to be received prior to the expiry of the
Relevant Period (the “Put Notice”), to elect that all (but not less than
all) of his Put Shares be purchased from him, at an aggregate purchase
price of £2,500 for all Put Shares held by him (the “Put Share
Consideration”). For the avoidance of doubt, if a Put Notice is not
received by the Company in respect of any Put Shares prior to the
expiry of the Relevant Period, the Put Option in respect of such Put
Shares shall automatically lapse. In the event of any conflict between
the terms of this Article 7.6 and the other provisions of these Articles
or the Investment Agreement, the other provisions of these Articles or
the Investment Agreement shall take priority (including without

014-3812-0836/2/EUROPE



===== page 17 =====
7.6.2.

7.6.3.

B

limitation the operation of the leaver provisions in Article 37 and 38
which will override this Article 7.6) and in such circumstances the
Company and any Put Purchaser shall have no obligation in respect of
the Put Option.

Following receipt by the Company of a Put Notice served in
accordance with Article 7.6.1, the Company shall without delay
determine how many, if any, of the Put Shares are to be acquired by
the Company and cancelled (a “Put Buyback”) and how many, if any
are to be transferred (a “Put Transfer”) to such person as nominated
by the Remuneration Committee in accordance with Article 7.6.5 (a
“Put Purchaser”), save that, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this
Article 7.6 shall create any obligation on the Company to acquire any
Put Shares in circumstances where it is not permitted to do so
pursuant to the provisions of the CA06, any other legislation to which
the Company is subject, or otherwise. The aggregate of all Put Shares
being acquired by way of a Put Buyback and the Put Shares being
acquired by way of a Put Transfer shall, in each case, be equal to the
total number of Put Shares the subject of the Put Notice and the
aggregate sum payable for all such Put Shares shall not exceed £2,500.

As soon as reasonably practicable following the determination by the
Company that some or all of the Put Shares which are to be acquired
pursuant toa Put Buyback:

(a) the Company shall send a notice to the Putting Shareholder
notifying them of the number of their Put Shares are to be
acquired pursuant to a Put Buyback;

(b) within 10 Business Days of receipt by the Company of the
approval of the Put Buyback by the members of the Company
in accordance with the provisions of the CA06, the Company
shall send a notice confirming receipt of the same to the
Putting Shareholder enclosing the share sale agreement
(containing such warranties as to title and ownership to the
Put Shares as the Company considers appropriate) which has
been approved by the members in accordance with the CA06
and any other documents which the Company considers
reasonably required to give effect to the Put Buyback;

(c) within five Business Days of receipt by the Putting
Shareholder of the notice and documentation referred to in
Article 7.6.3(b) above, the Putting Shareholder shall deliver to
the Company:

@ the share certificate(s) (or an indemnity in a form that is
reasonably satisfactory to the Company in respect of a
share certificate that cannot be produced) in respect of
the Put Shares being acquired pursuant to the Put
Buyback; and

014-3812-0836/2/EUROPE



===== page 18 =====
14

(ii) a duly executed copy of the share sale agreement and
any other document notified to the Putting Shareholder
as being required in connection with the Put Buyback
in the notice referred to in Article 7,6.3(b) above; and

(iii) within five Business Days of receipt by the Company of
the documentation set out in Article 7.6.3(c) above, the
Company shall procure the payment to the Putting
Shareholder of such amount of the Put Share
Consideration as relates to the Put Shares acquired by
way of the Put Buyback.

7.64. As soon as reasonably practicable following the determination by the
Company that some or all of the Put Shares are to be acquired by way
of a Put Transfer, or where any Put Shares are proposed to be
acquired by way of a Put Buyback and such proposed Put Buyback
does not receive the necessary approval of the members in accordance
with the CA06 or is otherwise not permitted:

(a)

(b)

the Company shall send a notice to the Putting Shareholder
notifying them of the number of their Put Shares are to be
acquired pursuant to a Put Transfer, enclosing a share sale
agreement (containing such representations and warranties as
to title and ownership to the Put Shares as the Company
considers appropriate), a form of transfer in respect of the Put
Shares and any other documents which the Company
considers reasonably required to give effect to the Put
Transfer;

within five Business Days of receipt by the Putting
Shareholder of the notice and documentation referred to in
Article 7.6.4(a) above, the Putting Shareholder shall deliver to
the Company:

(i) the share certificate(s) (or an indemnity in a form that is
reasonably satisfactory to the Company in respect of a
share certificate that cannot be produced) in respect of
the Put Shares being acquired pursuant to the Put
Transfer; and

(ii) duly executed copies of the share sale agreement, the
form of transfer and any other document notified to the
Putting Shareholder as being required in connection
with the Put Transfer in the notice referred to in Article
7.6.4(a) above; and

(iii) within five Business Days of receipt by the Company of
the documentation set out in Article 7.6.4(b) above, the
Put Purchaser shall procure the payment to the Putting
Shareholder of such amount of the Put Share

(014-3612-0836/2/EUROPE,



===== page 19 =====
8.2.

8.3.

15

Consideration as relates to the Put Shares acquired by
way of the Put Transfer.

7.6.5. The transferee of any Put Transfer may be as determined by the
Remuneration Committee (with Investor Director Consent):

(a) _ any Investor (as defined in the Investment Agreement);

(b) a current, new or prospective employee, director or consultant
of the Group;

(c) an employee benefit trust or any other warehousing vehicle for
the benefit of employees; and/or

(a) _in the absence of a person falling within paragraphs (a) to (c)
above having been identified as yet, any other person
nominated by the Remuneration Committee (with Investor
Director Consent).

ISSUES OF SHARES
Issues of Shares

Any shares may be issued on the terms that they are, or at the option of the
Company or the holder are liable, to be redeemed and the Board (with
Investor Director Consent) shall be authorised to determine the terms,
conditions and manner of redemption of such shares.

Subject to the provisions of these Articles and to the provisions of the 2006
Act and of every other statute for the time being in force concerning
companies and affecting the Company, the Board (with Investor Director
Consent) may offer, allot, issue, grant options or rights over or otherwise
dispose of any shares in the Company to such persons, at such times and for
such consideration and upon such terms and conditions and with such
preferred, deferred or other special rights or restrictions whether in regard to
dividend, voting, return of capital or otherwise as the Board (with Investor
Director Consent) may determine, but so that no shares shall be issued at a
discount.

For the purposes of Section 551 of the 2006 Act, the Board (with Investor
Director Consent) is authorised generally and unconditionally to allot
without the authority of the Company in general meeting up to a maximum
of £[* ] in nominal amount of shares of the Company, comprising
{* J at any time or times from the date of adoption of these Articles
until the date occurring five years after such date, The aforesaid authority
may be revoked or varied by the Company in general meeting and may be
renewed by the Company in general meeting for a further period not
exceeding five years. The Company may make any offer or agreement before
the expiry of this authority which would or might require relevant securities
to be allotted after this authority has expired and the Board (with Investor

014-3812-0836/2/EUROPE



===== page 20 =====
8.4,

85,

8.6.

8.7.

8.8.

16

Director Consent) may allot relevant securities in pursuance of any such offer
or agreement notwithstanding the expiry of this authority. In this Article,
references to the allotment of shares shall include the grant of rights to
subscribe for, or to convert any security into shares,

In accordance with Section 570 of the 2006 Act, Section 561(1) of the 2006 Act
shall be excluded from applying to the allotment of equity securities (as
defined in Section 560 of the 2006 Act).

The Directors shall not allot any shares unless notice in writing is given to
each holder of A Shares, the Nominee (for so long as it is a holder of shares
and only to the extent it holds shares on behalf of persons who are not
Leavers or Permitted Transferees of any Leaver or Permitted Transferees of
the Nominee (in such capacity)) and each other holder of Equity Shares (other
than the Nominee or holders of A Shares) who is not a Leaver or a Permitted
Transferee of any Leaver or a Permitted Transferee of the Nominee in such
capacity (the "Potential Subscribers") specifying:

8.5.1, the number and classes of shares which are proposed to be issued;
8.5.2, the consideration payable on such issue; and

8.5.3. any other material terms or conditions (including any requirement
that in order to subscribe for the shares which are offered it will be
necessary for the Potential Subscribers to also subscribe for or invest
in any other debt securities in the Company or any other member of
the Group on the same terms as any Potential Subscribers who are the
holders of A Shares are subscribing for or investing in any such debt
securities).

The notice specified in Article 8.5 shall invite each Potential Subscriber to
state, in writing within 20 Business Days from the date of such notice (which
date shall be specified therein), whether he/it is willing to subscribe for any,
and if so, how many shares.

A Potential Subscriber accepting the offer shall be issued with his
Proportionate Element of the total number of shares proposed to be issued
pursuant to Article 8.5 provided that such Potential Subscriber shall not be
allocated more shares than he shall have stated himself willing to take. It shall
be open to each such Potential Subscriber accepting the offer to specify if
he/it is willing to subscribe for shares in excess of his Proportionate Element
("Additional Shares") and, if the holder does so specify, he shall state the
number of Additional Shares. In these Articles, "Proportionate Element"
means the proportion which Equity Shares held by the Potential Subscriber
bear to the total number of Equity Shares held by all Potential Subscribers
accepting such offer.

Within three Business Days of the expiry of the invitation made pursuant to
the notice given under Article 8.5 (or sooner if all Potential Subscribers have
responded to the invitation and all the shares proposed to be issued have
been accepted in the manner provided for in Article 8.2), the Board shall
allocate the shares in the following manner:

014-3812.0836/2/EUROPE



===== page 21 =====
—

8.9.

8.10.

8.11.

17

8.8.1. if the total number of shares applied for is equal to or less than the
. available number of shares to be issued the Company shall allocate
the number applied for in accordance with the applications; or

8.8.2, if the total number of shares applied for is more than the available
number of shares to be issued, each Potential Subscriber accepting the
offer shall be allocated his Proportionate Element (or such lesser
number of shares to be issued for which he may have applied) and
applications for Additional Shares shall be allocated in accordance
with such applications or, in the event of competition, (as nearly as
may be) to each Potential Subscriber applying for Additional Shares in
pro rata according to the proportion of the total number of Equity
Shares held by all such Potential Subscribers represented by each such
Potential Subscriber's holding of Equity Shares.

and in either case the Company shall forthwith give notice of each such
allocation (an "Issue Notice") to each of the persons to whom shares are to be
issued (a "Member Subscriber’) and shall specify in the Issue Notice the time
(being not later than 10 Business Days after the date of the Issue Notice) at
which the allotment of the shares shall be made.

Upon such allocations being made as set out in Article 8.8 and subject to
compliance with the terms and conditions set out in the offer, the Board shall
be bound, on payment of the subscription price, to issue the shares comprised
in the Issue Notice to the Member Subscriber named therein at the time
therein specified free from any lien, charge or encumbrance.

Notwithstanding any other provisions of these Articles, no shares shall be
allotted to any person unless that person has first entered into any tax
elections and any other relevant regulatory documentation required in any
relevant jurisdiction if required to do so by the holders of the majority of the
A Shares and a deed of adherence if so required by the Investment
Agreement.

The provisions of Articles 8.5-8.9 shall have no application to any of the
following:

8.11.1. to any holder of Equity Shares (other than A Shares) to the extent the
provisions of Article 7.4 or 7.5 apply to such holder or his shares;

8.11,2. to any issue of shares pursuant to clause 16.1 and 16.2 of the
Investment Agreement;

8.11.3. to any issue of shares pursuant to an Emergency Fund Raising (as
defined in the Investment Agreement);

8.11.4. when the catch-up right set out in clause 18.5 of the Investment
Agreement applies;

8.11.5. to any Potential Subscriber (other than any holder of A Shares) whose
investment in the shares or other securities in the Group would, as a
result of any law or regulation or legal rule affecting such investment

014-3612-0836/2/EUROPE



===== page 22 =====
8,12.

10,

11,

11.1.

18

or the Potential Subscriber (or any person who will hold any interest
in such investment) in any relevant jurisdiction, require any member
of the Group to comply with any onerous (in the opinion of the
Remuneration Committee (acting reasonably)) __ restriction,
requirement, condition or administration process or to incur any
material (in the opinion of the Remuneration Committee (acting
reasonably)) actual or potential liabilities, costs, fees or expenses
which the Remuneration Committee (acting reasonably) does not
approve; and

8.11.6. to any Potential Subscriber (other than any holder of A Shares) in
respect of which the Remuneration Committee (acting reasonably) is
not satisfied that such Potential Subscriber has complied with or will
be able to comply with all laws affecting him or his investment in any
relevant jurisdiction.

References in Articles 8.5-8.9 to the issue and allotment of shares do not
include the transfer of any shares by the Company out of treasury by way of
sale or transfer.

The Company shall not be bound by or be compelled in any way to recognise
(even when having notice thereof) any equitable, contingent, future or partial
interest in any share or any interest in any fractional part of a share or (except
only as otherwise provided by these Articles or by law) any other rights in
respect of any share except an absolute right to the entirety thereof held by
the registered holder, The Company shall however be entitled to register
trustees as such in respect of any shares.

LIEN

The Company shall have a first and paramount lien on every share for all
moneys (whether presently payable or not) payable at a fixed time or called
in respect of that share and the Company shall also have a first and
paramount lien on all shares standing registered in the name of a single
person or in the name of any person jointly with another or others for all
monies presently payable by him or any of them or his estate or their estates
to the Company. The Board (with Investor Director Consent) may at any time
declare any share to be wholly or in part exempt from the provisions of this
Article.

TRANSFER OF SHARES
Transfer of Shares

The Directors shall register any transfer of shares made in accordance with
the provisions of Articles 36, 37, 38, 40, 41, 42 and/or 43. Save as aforesaid (i)
the Board (with Investor Director Consent) may, in their absolute discretion
and without assigning any reason therefore, decline to register any transfer of
any shares, whether or not such shares are fully paid and (ii) no member or
person holding any interest in any share shall transfer any share or any
interest therein without A Shareholder Consent. In respect of any share
(other than A Shares) the legal and beneficial ownership of any such share

014-3812-0836/2/EUROPE



===== page 23 =====
11.2.

12.

13.

4

1B.

16.

19

shall belong to one person only, subject to the Nominee Agreement or A
Shareholder Consent.

Subject to such of the restrictions set out in these Articles as may be
applicable, any member may transfer all or any of his shares by instrument of
transfer in writing in any usual or common form or in any other form which
the Board may approve. The instrument of transfer shall be executed by or on
behalf of the transferor and {except in the case of fully paid shares) by or on
behalf of the transferee and the transferor shall remain the holder of the
shares and as such a member of the Company until the name of the transferee
is entered in the Register of Members in respect thereof,

GENERAL MEETINGS

No business shall be transacted at any general meeting unless a quorum of
members is present at the time when the meeting proceeds to business. Save
as otherwise provided in these Articles, two members, one of whom, for so
long as there is a Dunedin Advised Member, shall be a Dunedin Advised
Member, present in person or by proxy or, if a corporation, by a duly
authorised representative shall be a quorum,

If a quorum is not present within half an hour of the time appointed for a
general meeting then the meeting, if convened on the requisition of members,
shall be dissolved; in any other case it shall stand adjourned to such day and
at such time and place as the Board (with Investor Director Consent) may
determine, and if at the adjourned meeting a quorum is not present within
half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting the members present
shal] be a quorum,

A resolution in writing (i) in respect of the passing of an ordinary resolution,
signed by the holders of a simple majority of the total Voting Rights of
‘eligible members' of the Company; or (ii) in respect of the passing of a special
resolution, signed by the holders of a 75% majority of the tatal Voting Rights
of ‘eligible members' of the Company; in each case shall be as valid and
effectual as if it had been passed at a general meeting of the Company duly
convened and held. Any special resofution to be passed as a written
resolution must state on the face of the resolution that it is to be passed as a
special resolution. Any written resolution may consist of several documents
in the like form each signed by one or more of the members or their duly
appointed attorneys or representatives and the signature in the case of a
corporation which is a member shall be sufficient if made by a director or the
secretary thereof or by its duly appointed attorney(s) or representative(s),

The vote on every resolution proposed at every general or class meeting shall
be taken and determined by way of a poll unless otherwise agreed by
Investor Director Consent.

No resolution not previously approved by the Board shall be moved by any
member at a general meeting unless the member intending to move the same
shall have left a copy thereof with his name and address at the Office at least
three clear days prior to such meeting.

014-381 2.0836/2/EUROPE



===== page 24 =====
17,

18,

19.

20.

21.

22.1,

20

A notice of every general mecting shall be given to every member whether or
not he shall have supplied to the Company an address within the United
Kingdom for the giving of notices.

DIRECTORS

The quorum for the transaction of the business of the Directors, unless there is
only one Director, shall be three, one of whom shall be an Investor Director
(unless no Investor Director is, at the relevant time, appointed or the
provisions of Article 19 apply). A person who holds office only as an
alternate Director shall, if his appointer is not present, be counted in the
quorum.

Notwithstanding Article 18, if the conflict of interest provisions contained in
the 2006 Act apply such that there is no Investor Director who is entitled to
vote, form part of the quorum or attend any meeting of the Directors despite
the application of Article 45 or any authorisation granted in respect of an
Investor Director pursuant to Article 45.2 then the quorum requirements for
the relevant meeting shall not require an Investor Director to form part of the
quorum.

Unless and until otherwise determined by ordinary resolution of the
Company and with A Shareholder Consent, the minimum number of
Directors shall be one and there shall be no maximum number of Directors.
A sole Director shall have all the power and authority vested in "the
Directors" in terms of these Articles,

A Director shall not be required to hold shares of the Company in order to
qualify for office as a Director, but he shall be entitled to receive notice of and
attend and speak at all general meetings of the Company or meetings of any
class of members of the Company.

A Director who is in any way whether directly or indirectly interested in an
actual or proposed transaction or arrangement with any member of the
Group shall declare the nature and extent of his interest at a meeting of the
Directors in accordance with Section 177 and/or 182 of the 2006 Act. Subject
to such disclosure as aforesaid a Director may vote in respect of any actual or
Proposed transaction or arrangement in which he is interested and if he does
so vote his vote shall be counted and he may be counted in ascertaining
whether a quorum is present at any meeting at which any actual contract or
Proposed transaction or arrangement shall come before the Directors for
consideration and may retain for his own absolute use and benefit all profits
and advantages accruing to him therefrom. For the purposes of this Article:

a general notice given to the Directors that a Director is to be regarded as
having an interest of the nature and extent specified in the notice in any
transaction or arrangement in which a specified person or class of persons is
interested shall be deemed to be a disclosure that the Director has an interest
in any such transaction of the nature and extent so specified; and

014-3812-0836/2/EUROPE



===== page 25 =====
22.2.

24,

24.1,

24.2.

24.3,

24.4,

24.5,

24.6.

24.7,

25.

21

an interest of which a Director has no knowledge and of which it is
unreasonable to expect him to have knowledge shall not be treated as an
interest of his,

The Directors may dispense with the keeping of attendance records for
meetings of the Directors or committees of the Directors. Article 15 of the
Model Articles shall be modified accordingly.

The office of a Director shall be vacated:

if he becomes bankrupt or suspends payment of or compounds with his
creditors;

if he becomes of unsound mind or a patient for the purpose of any statute
relating to mental health or otherwise mentally incapacitated;

if (not being a Director holding executive office as such for a fixed term) by
notice in writing to the Company he resigns his office;

if he is prohibited by law from being a Director or ceases to be a Director by
virtue of any provision of the 2006 Act;

if he, not being an Investor Director appointed pursuant to Article 44, is
removed from office by notice in writing signed by all his co-Directors and
served upon him;

if he, not being an Investor Director, is removed from office by operation of
Article 7.4.4 or by notice in writing signed by the holders of shares
representing more than 50% of the aggregate Voting Rights or more than 50%
of the aggregate Equity Shares; or

if he shall for more than six consecutive months have been absent without
permission of the Directors from meetings of the Directors held during that
period and the Directors resolve that his office be vacated.

The Board (with Investor Director Consent), and/or the members, by way of
an ordinary resolution, shall have power at any time to appoint any person to
be a Director either to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the existing
Directors. The powers to appoint Directors under Articles 7.4.4 and/or 44
shall not be subject to the foregoing provisions of this Article 25 and shall
apply in addition to any powers of appointment held by the Board or the
members.

The Directors may repay to any Director all such reasonable expenses as he
may properly incur in attending meetings of the Directors or of any
committee of the Directors or general meetings of the Company or any class
of members of the Company or otherwise in or about the business of the
Company. In the event of any Director necessarily performing or rendering
any special duties or services to the Company outside his ordinary duties as a
Director, the Directors may, if so authorised by the Remuneration Committee,
pay such Director special remuneration and such special remuneration may
be paid by way of salary, commission, participation in profits or otherwise as

014-3812-0836/21EUROPE



===== page 26 =====
27,

29,

22

may be arranged and approved by the Board (with Investor Director
Consent).

The Directors may from time to time appoint one or more of their number to
an executive office (including that of Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
Officer, Managing Director, Deputy or Assistant Managing Director, Manager
or any other salaried office) for such period and on such terms and conditions
as they shall think fit and, subject to the terms and conditions of any
agreement entered into in any particular case, may revoke such appointment.
Subject to the terms and conditions of any such agreement the appointment of
any Director as aforesaid shall be ipso facto determined if he ceases for any
cause to be a Director.

A Chief Executive Officer, Managing Director, Deputy or Assistant Managing
Director, Manager or other executive officer as aforesaid shall receive such
remuneration (either by way of salary, commission, participation in profits or
pension or otherwise howsoever, whether similar to the foregoing or not) as
the Directors (with Investor Director Consent) or the Remuneration
Committee may determine.

The Directors (with Investor Director Consent) on behalf of the Company and
without the approval of any resolution of the Company may establish,
maintain, participate in and contribute to, or procure the establishment and
maintenance of, participation in and contribution to, any pension,
superannuation, benevolent or life assurance fund, scheme or arrangement
(whether contributory or otherwise) for the benefit of any persons (including
Directors, former Directors, officers and former officers) who are or shall have
been at any time in the employment or service of the Company or of any
company which at the time is or was a subsidiary or a holding company of
the Company or another subsidiary of a holding company of the Company
(as defined in Section 1159 of the 2006 Act) or otherwise associated with the
Company or of the predecessors of the Company in business or of any such
other company as aforesaid, or for the benefit of the relations, spouses,
widows, families, connections or dependants of any such persons or for the
benefit of any other persons whose service or services have directly or
indirectly been of benefit to the Company and their relations, connections or
dependants, and the Directors (with Investor Director Consent) on behalf of
the Company and without the approval of any resolution of the Company
may grant or procure the grant of donations, gratuities, pensions, allowances,
including allowances on death, or other payments or benefits of any kind to
any of such persons as aforesaid; and the Directors (with Investor Director
Consent) on behalf of the Company and without the approval of any
resolution of the Company may establish, subsidise, subscribe to or support
institutions, associations, clubs, schools, funds or trusts calculated or
considered to be for the benefit of any of such persons as aforesaid or
otherwise for the advancement of the interests and well-being of the
Company or of any such other company as aforesaid or its members; and the
Directors (with Investor Director Consent) on behalf of the Company and
without the approval of any resolution of the Company may make payments
for or towards the insurance of any of such persons as aforesaid. Any such
Director or ex-Director may participate in and retain for his own benefit any

014-3812-0836/2/EUROPE



===== page 27 =====
30.

31.

32,

33.1.

23

such donation, gratuity, pension, allowance, payment or other benefit
conferred under or pursuant to this Article and the receipt thereof shall not
disqualify any person from being or becoming a Director of the Company.

The Directors (with Investor Director Consent) on behalf of the Company and
without the approval of any resolution of the Company may establish and
contribute to any employees' share scheme (within the meaning of Section
1166 of the 2006 Act) for the purchase or subscription by trustees of shares of
the Company or of a holding company of the Company and may lend money
to the Company's employees to enable them to purchase or subscribe for
shares of the Company or of a holding company of the Company; and may
establish and maintain any option or incentive scheme whereby selected
employees (including salaried Directors and officers) of the Company are
given the opportunity of acquiring shares in the capital of the Company; and
may formulate and carry into effect any scheme for sharing the profits of the
Company with its employees (including salaried Directors and officers) or
any of them. Any Director may participate in and retain for his own benefit
any such shares, profit or other benefit conferred under or pursuant to this
Article and the receipt thereof shall not disqualify any person from being or
becoming a Director of the Company.

Without prejudice to Article 8 of the Model Articles, a resolution in writing
signed by all the Directors from time to time shall be as valid and effectual as
a resolution passed at a meeting of the Directors duly convened and held and
may consist of several documents in the like form, each signed by one or
more of the Directors.

A meeting of the Directors or of any committee of the Directors may consist
of a conference between Directors who are not all in one place, but of whom
each is able (directly or by telephonic communication) to speak to each of the
others, and to be heard by each of the others simultaneously. A Director
taking part in such a conference shall be deemed to be present in person at
the meeting and shall be entitled to vote or be counted in a quorum
accordingly. Subject to the 2006 Act, all business transacted in such manner
by the Directors or any committee of the Directors shall, for the purposes of
these Articles, be deemed to be validly and effectively transacted at a meeting
of the Directors or a committee notwithstanding that fewer than two
Directors or alternate Directors are physically present at the same place. Such
a meeting shall be deemed to take place where the largest group of those
participating is assembled or, if there is no such group, where the chairman of
the meeting then is. The word "meeting" in these Articles shall be construed
accordingly.

BORROWING AND OTHER POWERS

The Directors (with Investor Director Consent) may exercise all the powers of
the Company without limit as to amount to borrow and raise money and to
accept money on deposit and to grant any security, mortgage, charge or
discharge as they may consider fit for any debt or obligation of the Company

014-2812-0836/2/EUROPE,



===== page 28 =====
33.2.

34.

34.1,

343.

24

or which is binding on the Company in any manner or way in which the
Company is empowered so to grant and similarly as they may consider fit to
enter into any guarantee, contract of indemnity or suretyship in any manner
or way in which the Company is empowered so to enter into.

The payment of any dividends, return of capital on, buy back or redemption
of any shares or any capital reduction shall be subject to any provisions
restricting the same in the Finance Documents.

ALTERNATE DIRECTORS
Alternate Directors

Any Director (other than an alternate Director) may at any time by writing
under his hand and deposited at the Office, or delivered at a meeting of the
Directors, appoint any person to be his alternate Director and may in like
manner at any time terminate such appointment. If such alternate Director is
not another Director, such appointment, unless previously approved by the
Directors (with Investor Director Consent), shall have effect only upon and
subject to being so approved (provided that the appointment of an alternate
by an Investor Director shall be effective immediately on notice of such
appointment being given to the Company and shall not require the approval
of the Directors in any circumstances).

The appointment of an alternate Director shall determine on the happening of
any event which, if he were a Director, would cause him to vacate such office
or if his appointer ceases to be a Director.

An alternate Director shall (except when absent from the United Kingdom) be
entitled to receive notice of all meetings of the Directors and of all meetings of
committees of the Directors of which his appointer is a member and shall be
entitled to attend and vote as a Director at any such meetings at which his
appointer is not personally present and generally at such meetings to perform
all the functions of his appointer as a Director in his absence and for the
purposes of the proceedings at such meeting the provisions of these Articles
shall apply as if he were a Director. An alternate Director's signature to any
resolution in writing of the Directors shall be as effective as the signature of
his appointer. Every person acting as an alternate Director shall have one vote
for each Director for whom he acts as alternate (in addition to his own vote if
he is also a Director), An alternate Director shall nat (save as aforesaid) have
power to act as a Director or be deemed to be a Director for the purposes of
these Articles.

An alternate Director may be repaid expenses and shall be entitled to be
indemnified by the Company to the same extent mutatis mutandis as if he
were a Director but he shall not be entitled to receive from the Company any
remuneration except only such proportion (if any) of the remuneration
otherwise payable to his appointer as such appointer may by notice in writing
to the Company from time to time direct.

014-3812-0836/2/EUROPE,



===== page 29 =====
35,
35.1,

35.2.

25

INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE
Indemnity and Insurance

Without prejudice to any other indemnity which may from time to time be
applicable, a relevant officer of the Company or an associated company shall,
subject to Investor Director Consent, be indemnified out of the assets of the
Company against:

35.1.1. any liability incurred by that officer in connection with any
negligence, default, breach of duty or breach of trust in relation to the
Company or an associated company;

35.1.2. any liability incurred by that officer in connection with the activities of
the Company or an associated company in its capacity as a trustee of
an occupational pension scheme (as defined in section 235(6) of the
2006 Act); and

35.1.3. any other liability incurred by that officer as an officer of the
Company or an associated company;

provided always that this Article does not authorise any indemnity which
would be prohibited or rendered void by any provision of the 2006 Act or by
any other provision of law.

In this article:

(a) companies are associated if one is a subsidiary of the other or both are
subsidiaries of the same body corporate; and

(b) a "relevant officer” means any Director, former Director, company
secretary or former company secretary or other officer of the
Company or an associated company (but not its auditor).

The Directors (with Investor Director Consent) may decide to purchase and
maintain insurance at the expense of the Company for the benefit of any
relevant officer in respect of any relevant loss. Without prejudice to the
generality of Article 22 at a meeting of the Directors where such insurance is
under consideration a Director may form part of the quorum and vote
notwithstanding any interest he may have in such insurance.

In this article:

35.2.1. a "relevant officer” means any Director or former Director, company
secretary or former company secretary of the Company or an
associated company, any other officer or employee or former officer or
employee of the Company (but not its auditor) or any trustee of an
occupational pension scheme (as defined in section 235(6) of the 2006
Act) for the purposes of an employees’ share scheme of the Company
or an associated company;

014-3812-0838/2/EUROPE



===== page 30 =====
36.

36.1,

36.2,

36.3.

26

35.2.2. a "relevant loss" means any loss or liability which has been or may be
incurred by a relevant officer in connection with that relevant officer's
duties or powers in relation to the Company, any associated company
or any pension fund or employees‘ share scheme of the Company or
associated company; and

35.2.3. companies are associated if one is a subsidiary of the other or both are
subsidiaries of the same body corporate.

PERMITTED TRANSFERS

The following transfers of shares may be made without restriction as to price
or otherwise and without any requirement, save in the case of Article 36.5
below, to comply with the provisions of Article 40, 41 or 42 namely transfers
of any shares:

(i) by any nominee (including the Nominee) to any other nominee of the same
beneficiary/ beneficiaries or to any beneficiary or beneficiaries or (ii)
pursuant to the Nominee Agreement or (iii) by any Original Employee
Member to any Privileged Relation or to any Family Settlement, subject in
each such case to the following:

36.1.1. the transfer must have received A Shareholder Consent (not to be
unreasonably withheld or delayed); and

36.1.2, the transferee must undertake in a form approved by A Shareholder
Consent (including a power of attorney in respect of the transferred
shares) that any voting rights in respect of the shares in question
remain under the control of the Nominee or the transferor and that he
will be bound by these Articles {in particular, the provisions of
Articles 37 and 38 as if he were the Nominee or the Original Employee
Member (as the case may be) and the transferred shares remained
held by the Nominee or the Original Employee Member) and on
completion of any transfer in accordance with the foregoing
provisions of this Article 36.1, the transferee shall be deemed to have
conferred irrevocable authority on any person nominated by the
holders of the majority of the A Shares as his attorney or agent to sign
any resolution, consent, transfer form or other document whatsoever
and/or take any action in the Nominee or Original Employee
Member's name and on his behalf to implement the provisions of
Articles 37 and 38;

by the trustees of any trust established for the benefit of employees, Directors
or consultants (or former employees, Directors or consultants) of any member
of the Group to the beneficiaries of such trust (or any of them) and/or by any
member to the trustees of such trust to hold on trust for the benefit of the
beneficiaries of the trust, in either case as may be approved by an Investor
Director Consent;

by any holder of A Shares to:

014-3812-0836/2/EUROPE



===== page 31 =====
36.4.

36.3.1.

36.3.2,

36.3.3.

36.3.4.

36.3.5.

36.3.6.

27

any syndicatee in accordance with Schedule Part 13 of the Investment
Agreement;

the Investment Manager or any subsidiary undertaking of the
Investment Manager or Dunedin Capital Group Holdco Limited or
any company in the same group as Dunedin Capital Group Holdco
Limited or any limited partnership or limited liability partnership or
other entity established by the Investment Manager to carry on the
investment management business of the Investment Manager
(together the "Dunedin Group" and each a "member of the Dunedin
Group");

any member of the Investment Manager or any employee, director or
consultant of any member of the Dunedin Group;

any fund or funds or entity/entities advised or managed by the
Investment Manager or another member of the Dunedin Group;

any entity which invests in parallel, or co-invests, with any holder of
A Shares or any fund or funds advised or managed by any member of
the Dunedin Group; and

any current or bona fide (as determined by the holders of the majority
of the A Shares (acting reasonably)) prospective investor or partner or
member from time to time in any fund or funds advised or managed
by the Investment Manager or another member of the Dunedin
Group;

by any Financial Institution or a fund, partner, custodian, trustee, nominee of
any Financial Institution or fund to:

36.4.1.

36.4.2.

36.4.3.

36.4.4,

36.4.5.

the holders of units in, or a nominee, custodian or trustee for the
holders of units in, or partners in, or members of, or investors in, such
Financial Institution or fund (as applicable);

a current or bona fide (as determined by the holders of the majority of
the A Shares (acting reasonably)) prospective partner in, member of or
investor in such Financial Institution or fund;

a nominee, custodian or trustee for such Financial Institution or fund
{as applicable);

the investment manager or investment adviser of such Financial
Institution or fund or any company in the same group as such
investment manager or adviser or any limited partnership or limited
liability partnership or other entity established by such investment
manager or adviser to carry on the investment management or
advisory business of such investment manager or adviser (together
the "IM Group" and each a "member of the IM Group");

any employee, director or consultant of any member of the IM Group;

014-3812-0838/2/EUROPE



===== page 32 =====
28

36.4.6. any entity which invests in parallel, or co-invests, with any such
Financial Institution or fund;

36.4.7. another Financial Institution or fund (or nominee, custodian or trustee
for another Financial Institution or fund) or entity which is managed
or advised by the same manager or adviser as the transferor or by any
member of the same group of companies of such manager or adviser
or by any Financial Institution or fund managed or advised by any
such group company;

36.5. by any member with A Shareholder Consent; and/or
36.6. in accordance with clause 16.2 of the Investment Agreement.

If any person to whom shares are transferred pursuant to sub-paragraphs 36.1 to 36.4
(other than Article 36.3.1) above ceases to be within the required relationship with
the original transferor of such shares, such shares together with any shares which
have been transferred by such person under Article 36 shall be transferred back to
the original transferor (or to any other person falling within the required relationship
with the original transferor) forthwith upon such relationship ceasing and, if the
holder of such shares fails to make such transfer, Article 7.5.1(b) shall apply.

COMPULSORY TRANSFERS
37. Compulsory Transfers of Shares (other A Shares and Preference Shares)

37.1. If required by any Investor Director or the holders of the majority of the A
Shares in issue at any time during the Leaver Period in respect of a Leaver,
the Company shall serve a notice in writing on the Nominee, Leaver and their
respective Permitted Transferees (if any) (each a "Relevant Transferor")
requiring the Relevant Transferor to offer for sale all of the Leaver Shares (a
"Compulsory Transfer Notice"), Upon service of a Compulsory Transfer
Notice the Relevant Transferor shall be deemed to have agreed to the sale of
such Leaver Shares (and such deemed agreement shall supersede any transfer
pursuant to these Articles which has not completed) and, subject to Article
37.2, the provisions of Article 38 shall apply (the “Deemed Transfer’). A
Relevant Transferor may not voluntarily transfer any interest in any shares
after the service of a Compulsory Transfer Notice on him save in accordance
with or as required by Articles 37, 38, 40, 41, 42 and/or 43.

37.2. A Deemed Transfer shall be deemed to provide that the Specified Price in
respect of shares the subject of the Deemed Transfer shall be:

37.2.1. if the Leaver is a Good Leaver, each Leaver Share which is a Cl or C2
or D Share will be offered at the Fair Price thereof as at the date of
service of the Compulsory Transfer Notice; and

37.2.2. if the Leaver is a Bad Leaver, each Leaver Share which is a Cl or C2 or
D Share will be offered at the lower of:

(a) the Fair Price thereof as at the date of service of the
Compulsory Transfer Notice; and

014-3812-0836/2/EUROPE



===== page 33 =====
37.3.

37.4.

37.5.

29

(b) the original issue price (being the nominal value and share
premium paid thereon); and

37.2.3. if the Leaver is a Very Bad Leaver (and in the case of Nick Kent, he
will only be a Very Bad Leaver if any of the circumstances of
paragraph (b) of the definition of Very Bad Leaver apply in respect of
him (and for the avoidance of doubt, Nick Kent's cessation will not
result in Article 37.2.1 (Good Leaver) or 37.2.2 (Bad Leaver) applying
to his B1 Shares)), each Leaver Share which is a B1, B2, C1, C2 or D
Shares will be offered at the lower of:

fa) the Fair Price thereof as at the date of service of the
Compulsory Transfer Notice; and

(b) the original issue price (being the nominal value and share
premium paid thereon).

The Remuneration Committee shall have the right (but not the obligation) at
its absolute discretion to notify any member holding Leaver Shares (in the
Compulsory Transfer Notice or otherwise) that (a) not all or none of the
Leaver Shares are to be the subject of any offer for sale pursuant to this
Article 37 and Article 38; and/or (b) that a Bad Leaver or Very Bad Leaver
shall be deemed to be a Good Leaver or a Very Bad Leaver shall be deemed a
Bad Leaver for the purposes of Article 38; and/or (c) the Specified Price will
be greater than that determined in accordance with Article 37.2 and may, by
notice in writing served on any member holding Leaver Shares, suspend the
operation of any offer for sale pursuant to this Article 37 and Article 38 until
the Specified Price is agreed or determined.

If a Leaver (or any of Permitted Transferees of such Leaver, or the Nominee
or any Permitted Transferee of the Nominee on his behalf) acquires any
Leaver Shares or any interest in any Leaver Share (whether upon exercise of
options or other rights to acquire shares) after the Termination Date, the
Leaver (or any person who is his Permitted Transferee, or the Nominee or
any Permitted Transferee of the Nominee on his behalf) shall be deemed on
the date of acquisition of such shares to have agreed to the sale of all such
Leaver Shares (and such deemed agreement shall supersede any transfer
pursuant to these Articles which has not completed) and, subject to Article
37.2, the provisions of Article 38 shall apply.

If a member or any person on behalf of whom that member holds shares
becomes insolvent or bankrupt or makes any arrangement or composition
with his creditors, any Investor Director or the holders of the majority of the
A Shares may require the foregoing provisions of this Article 37 to apply so
that there is a Deemed Transfer in respect of all or any shares held by any
such member on the basis that the Specified Price shall be the Fair Price of
each such share as at the date on which any Investor Director or the holders
of the majority of the A Shares determine to operate this Article 37.6.

014-3812-0836/2/EUROPE.



===== page 34 =====
38.

38.1,

38.2.

38.4.

38.5.

30

TRANSFER OF LEAVER SHARES

Transfer of Leaver Shares (other than A Shares and Preference Shares)
under the operation of Article 37

Each Deemed Transfer shall constitute the Directors as the agent of the

proposing transferor for the sale of the Leaver Shares in accordance with this
Article 38.

Within 5 days of the date on which the Fair Price is determined in respect of
the Leaver Shares in accordance with Article 39 (the "Allocation Period"), the
Remuneration Committee shall subject to clause 19.1.4 of the Investment
Agreement determine how many of the Leaver Shares (if any) should be
allocated to existing or prospective employees, directors or consultants of any
member of the Group (and/or the Nominee on their behalf) and/or to a trust
established (with Investor Director Consent) for the benefit of such past,
present or future employees, directors or consultants (or for the avoidance of
doubt a combination of any of the foregoing) (the "Allocation Decision"
(which for the avoidance of doubt shall include any operation of clause 19.1.4
of the Investment Agreement) and if such an Allocation Decision is achieved
in respect of Leaver Shares the final allocations of Leaver Shares shall be
made to the relevant persons referred to in, and in accordance with, the
Allocation Decision. If the Allocation Decision is achieved in respect of some
but not all of the Leaver Shares or if the Allocation Decision achieved does
not provide for any allocation of the Leaver Shares or if no Allocation
Decision is achieved within the aforesaid Allocation Period, the Leaver Shares
(excluding any which have been allocated in accordance with an Allocation
Decision) shall be retained by the holder of the Leaver Shares subject to these
Articles and the Investment Agreement (and the Nominee Agreement (if
applicable)).

The persons to whom final allocations are made in accordance with the
foregoing provisions of this Article 38 shall be the "Final Purchasers".

It shall not be possible for any holder or person interested in Leaver Shares to
state that they are not willing to transfer part only of the Leaver Shares and as
such allocations to Final Purchasers shall be effective in spite of the fact that
all the Leaver Shares may not have been allocated.

Forthwith upon such allocations being made, the Final Purchasers shall be
bound to pay to the Company (as agent for the proposing transferor) the
Specified Price for, and to accept a transfer of, the Leaver Shares so allocated
to them respectively and the proposing transferor shall be bound forthwith
upon payment of the Specified Price as aforesaid to deliver to the Company
(as agent for the Final Purchasers) such documents as are required to transfer
such shares to the respective Final Purchasers.

If in any case the proposing transferor, after having become bound to transfer
Leaver Shares as aforesaid, does not do so, the Company may receive the
Specified Price and the Directors or the holders of the majority of A Shares
may appoint some person to execute instruments of transfer of such Leaver
Shares in favour of the Final Purchasers and shall thereupon, subject to such

04-3812-0836/2/EUROPE



===== page 35 =====
39.1.

31

transfers being properly stamped (if applicable), cause the name of each of
the Final Purchasers to be entered in the Register of Members as the holder of
those Leaver Shares allocated to him as aforesaid and shall hold the Specified
Price in trust for the proposing transferor. The issue of a receipt by the
Company therefor shall be a good discharge to the Final Purchasers and after
their names shall have been entered in the Register of Members in exercise of
the aforesaid power, the validity of the transactions shall not be questioned
by any person.

FAIR PRICE

“Fair Price” means the price per relevant share which is the subject of the
relevant transfer as at the relevant date to be determined in accordance with
the Articles and is (a) as agreed between the relevant transferor and the
Remuneration Committee (noting the discretion available to it under Article
37.3) within 21 days of service of the Compulsory Transfer Notice or such
other notice referred to in Article 37.4 (or such longer period as the
Remuneration Committee and the relevant transferor (both acting reasonably
and without delay} may determine); or (b) failing any agreement under (a),
such price as certified in writing by the Valuer (which shall act as an expert
and not as an arbitrator) as being in its opinion the fair value of each relevant
share as between a willing seller and a willing buyer provided that the
Valuer, in determining the fair value of any such share shall:

39.1.1. determine the sum in cash which a willing bona fide third party buyer
would offer to a willing seller as the equity value (not the enterprise
value) for the whole of the issued share capital of the Company
(assuming full repayment of all Loan Notes, the redemption of all
Preference Shares in accordance with these Articles on the assumption
that a Redemption Date has arisen immediately prior to the valuation
date and full repayment of amounts due by any member of the Group
under the Finance Documents and other sums in the nature of
borrowings owed by any member of the Group);

39.1.2. allocate the resultant figure in accordance with Articles 7.1.2 and 7.3.2
{assuming exercise in full of any share options or other rights to
securities and assuming that any shares or other securities available to
be allocated pursuant to the Investment Agreement, or which the
Company has otherwise promised or agreed to allocate, have been
issued); and

39.1.3, the Valuer shall take into account {i) in the event of a Fair Price being
required for the purposes of Article 38, the impact on the business of
the Group as a result of the Leaver arising and (ii) any actual or
potential Event of Default;

but so that there shall be no addition or subtraction of any premium or
discount arising in relation to (i) the size of the holding the subject of the
relevant transfer; or (ii) any restrictions on the transferability of the shares
arising only out of the provisions of these Articles or the Investment
Agreement.

014-3812-0836/2/EUROPE



===== page 36 =====
39.2.

40.

40.1,

40.2.

32

The Fair Price set by a Valuer shall in the absence of any manifest fraud or
error be binding on the transferor, the Company and the members (and every
other person who has any interest in the shares which have been so valued)
and the costs of the Valuer shall be borne by the Company unless the
difference between the Fair Price and the price per share proposed by the
Remuneration Committee in terms of the negotiation referred to at Article
39.1(a) is not more than 10% of the Fair Price, in which case the costs of the
Value shall be borne equally between the Company and (subject to the
Nominee Agreement) the transferor,

CHANGE OF CONTROL
Change of Control

Notwithstanding any other provision of these Articles, but save for transfers
pursuant to Articles 36.1-36.4, 36.6, 37, 38 (including pursuant to clause 19.1.4
of the Investment Agreement), 42 and/or 43 (including the Relevant Sale
referred to therein) and/or any change of voting and other rights resulting
from the operation of Articles 74 and/or 7.5 (other than when an Exit in
respect of which this Article 40 would otherwise have to be complied with is
agreed upon the exercise of the rights set out in Article 7.4.1 or 7.4.4) (in
which cases the following provisions of this Article 40 shall not apply), (A) no
sale or transfer of, or transfer of any interest in, any shares conferring a right
to vote at general meetings of the Company to any person whomsoever (other
than any holder of A Shares), which would result, if made and, if appropriate,
registered, in a person (together with persons acting in concert therewith)
whether or not then a member of the Company obtaining or increasing a
Controlling Interest in the Company, shall be made or registered and (B) no
tight to subscribe for any shares which would result, when such shares are
issued, in a person (other than any holder of A Shares) obtaining or
increasing a Controlling Interest in the Company shall be exercised (save that
the issues and allotments of shares referred to in Article 8.11 shall not of
themselves require any such subscriber thereof to comply with the following
provisions of this Article 40) unless:

40.1.1. prior to such transfer being completed a General Offer is made to all
members by the person or persons proposing to acquire the
Controlling Interest to purchase all the shares in issue and all the
unissued shares for which any person shall then be entitled to
subscribe; and

40.1.2. the relevant offer has received Investor Director Consent.

Any General Offer shall conform to the general principles of the Code (so far
as such general principles are relevant to any General Offer and subject as
provided in these Articles) and shall attribute to Preference Shares the value
determined in accordance with Article 7.3.2 and to Equity Shares an equal
value to each class of Equity Share (being a value in respect of each class of
Equity Share not less than the highest value paid or agreed to be paid for A
Shares by the proposed acquiror(s) of the Controlling Interest in the six
months preceding the date of the General Offer).

014-3612-0836/2/EUROPE



===== page 37 =====
40.3.

41.

41,1,

41.2.

33

It shall be a term of a General Offer and of any agreement to acquire any
shares pursuant thereto that a Controlling Interest is only obtained or
increased in consequence of such General Offer or agreement if such General
Offer is accepted in respect of a number of shares which would result in the
offeror holding a Controlling Interest. Any General Offer shall be made in
writing (stipulated to be open for acceptance for at least 14 days) to all
shareholders and shall include an undertaking by the offeror that neither he
nor any person acting in concert with him has within the six months
immediately preceding or will within the six months immediately succeeding
the making of the General Offer entered into or will enter into more
favourable terms with any member for the purchase of Equity Shares, Sucha
General Offer shall be accepted or rejected in writing within the time period
reasonably stipulated and shall be deemed to have been rejected by a member
if he does not respond within such time period.

TAG-ALONG
Tag-Along

In the event of a sale of not less than the majority of the A Shares to any
person whatsoever (the "Buyer") (other than where such transfer is being
made pursuant to Articles 36 (excluding Article 36.5) or is a Relevant Sale
(pursuant to Article 43.1) in respect of which Compulsory Acquisition Notices
have or will be served in accordance with Article 43.1), the Company shall
forthwith notify all members accordingly and any member who did not or
will not receive a Compulsory Acquisition Notice under Article 43 may by
written notice to the Company served within 60 days of such notification
require the Company as agent for such member to serve a notice (in this
Article a "Compulsory Purchase Notice") on the Buyer requiring it to buy
such member's shares at the consideration applicable in respect of
Compulsory Purchase Notices arising by reason of a Relevant Sale pursuant
to Article 43.1, the price per share that was or would be payable under the
Compulsory Acquisition Notice. The Company shall serve the Compulsory
Purchase Notice forthwith upon receipt of any such written notice by a
member. It shall not be necessary for any Seller (as defined in Article 43) or
the Buyer to comply with this Article 41 before the operation of any provision
of Article 43. If any Compulsory Acquisition Notice is served in accordance
with Article 43 after any Compulsory Purchase Notice has been served or
during the 60 day period referred to above, this Article 41 shall cease to apply
and the Compulsory Acquisition Notice and Article 43 shall apply in place of
this Article 41 unless otherwise agreed by the Buyer.

The Buyer shall complete the purchase of all shares in respect of which a
Compulsory Purchase Notice has been given no later than 21 days from the
date of the serving of such Compulsory Purchase Notice on it. The
consideration shall be payable in full without any set off. The Directors shall
not register any transfer to the Buyer, and the Buyer shall not be entitled to
exercise or direct the exercise of any rights in respect of any shares to be
transferred to the Buyer, until in each case the Buyer has fulfilled all his
obligations pursuant to this Article. If and for so long as the Buyer fails to
comply with the provisions of this Article, the shares held by the Buyer

014-3812-0836/2/EUROPE



===== page 38 =====
41.3,

414,

42.

42.1.

42.2,

34

(including any shares held by the Buyer prior to the operation of this Article)
shall confer on the Buyer no right to receive notice of, attend or vote at any
general meeting of the Company or at any separate general meeting of the
holders of the shares of that class until the obligations of the Buyer under this
Article have been complied with and such shares shall confer no right to
receive notice of, attend or vote at any meeting of the Company unless and
until the Buyer has complied with such obligations under this Article.

Tag-along for Preference Shares

In the event of a sale of A Loan Notes referred to in Article 43.7(c) (other than
where such transfer is being made pursuant to clause 9 of the A Loan Note
Instrument (as defined in the Investment Agreement)), the Company shall
forthwith notify all holders of Preference Shares accordingly and any such
holder who has not received a Drag Instruction within the time limit set out
in Article 43.7 may by written notice to the Company served within 60 days
of such notification require the Company as agent for such member to serve a
notice (in this Article a "Compulsory Purchase Instruction") on the buyer
requiring it to buy such member's Preference Shares at the price per
Preference Share that was or would be payable under Article 43.7. The
Company shall serve the Compulsory Purchase Instruction forthwith upon
receipt of any such written notice by a member,

The buyer shall complete the purchase of all Preference Shares in respect of
which a Compulsory Purchase Instruction has been given and no later than
21 days from the date of the serving of such Compulsory Purchase Instruction
onit. The consideration shall be payable in full without any set off.

CO-SALE
Co-Sale
For Equity Shares:

If the holder(s) of A Shares (the "Investor Seller") wish to transfer (the
"Proposed Sale") A Shares representing less than the majority of the total
number of issued A Shares (the "Sellers’ Shares") to any person (other than
where the transfer is being made pursuant to Article 36) (the "Buyer"), then
the Investor Seller shall give written notice to all members (the "Other
Shareholders") of such Proposed Sale at least 10 Business Days prior to the
proposed date of completion thereof. Such notice shall set out, to the extent
not described in any accompanying documents, the identity of the Buyer, the
sale price and other terms and conditions of payment, the proposed date of
sale and the number of A Shares to be acquired by the Buyer.

The Proposed Sale may not be completed unless the Buyer has
unconditionally offered to buy the Relevant Proportion of Equity Shares
(rounded up or down (as the case maybe) to the nearest whole number of
Equity Shares) held by each of the Other Shareholders (the "Co-Sale Shares").
Such offer shall remain open for acceptance for not less than 10 Business
Days. If any Other Shareholder holds more than one class of Equity Shares

014-9812.0836/2/EUROPE



===== page 39 =====
42.3.

42.4.

35

then his Co-Sale Shares will comprise the Relevant Proportion of each class of
Equity Shares.

The terms and conditions of any offer by a Buyer to the Other Shareholders
for the Co-Sale Shares shall provide that:

42.3.1, the same terms and conditions as apply to the Proposed Sale shall
apply;

42.3.2, the consideration payable for each Co-Sale Share shall be a
consideration per share (including any contingent or deferred
consideration)(insofar as it can be ascertained at the date of the offer)
which is not less than the price, and shall be in the same form, payable
(expressed as a price per Share) to the Investor Seller in respect of the
Sellers' Shares by the Buyer;

42.3.3. in determining the consideration payable to the Investor Seller and the
Other Shareholders for their Equity Shares for the purposes of this
Article 42, any option, warrant or other right or opportunity offered to
subscribe for or acquire any share, debt instrument or other security in
the capital of the Buyer or any group undertaking of the Buyer
("Buyer Investment") which is consideration offered for each Sellers
Share shall be reflected in the consideration so payable to the Investor
Seller and the Other Shareholders, but for the avoidance of doubt if
acting in good faith and without any intention to manipulate or
reduce the consideration so payable and if in the opinion of the Board
(acting reasonably and without delay) any such Buyer Investment is
not part of such consideration offered and is acquired independently
of the Proposed Sale, the Buyer Investment shall be disregarded in
determining the consideration so payable to the Investor and the
Other Shareholders; and

42.3.4. any reasonable and properly incurred costs, fees and expenses
incurred in relation to the Proposed Sale or the offer to Other
Shareholders which are not borne by the Company or the Buyer shall
be borne by the Investor Seller and the Other Shareholders who accept
the offer, pro rata to the aggregate number of shares sold by each of
them to the Buyer pursuant to this Article 42 and each such member
shall be paid his consideration therefor after deduction of his
proportion of such costs.

For Preference Shares:

If a sale of A Loan Notes representing less than the majority of the principal
value of the outstanding A Loan Notes (other than pursuant to clause 9 of the
A Loan Note Instrument (as defined in the Investment Agreement)) is
proposed (the "Loan Note Sale"), then the holders of the majority of the A
Shares shall give written notice to all holders of Preference Shares (the
"Relevant Preference Shareholders") of such proposed sale at least 10
Business Days prior to the proposed date of completion thereof. Such notice
shall set out, to the extent not described in any accompanying documents, the

014-3812-0836/2/EUROPE,



===== page 40 =====
425.

42.6.

36

identity of the buyer, the proposed date of the Loan Note Sale, its proposed
sale price and terms and conditions of payment and the amount of A Loan
Notes to be acquired by the buyer.

The Loan Note Sale may not be completed unless the buyer has
unconditionally offered to buy the Specified Proportion of Preference Shares
(rounded up or down (as the case maybe) to the nearest whole number of
Preference Shares) held by each of the Relevant Preference Shareholders (the
"Co-Sale Preference Shares"). Such offer shall remain open for acceptance for
not less than 10 Business Days. In these Articles, "Specified Proportion"
means X% of each Relevant Preference Shareholder's total holding of
Preference Shares immediately prior to the date of the notice referred to in
Article 42.4 where X% shall be the percentage of the total principal value of
outstanding A Loan Notes represented by the amount of A Loan Notes to be
acquired by the buyer.

The terms and conditions of any offer by a Buyer to the Relevant Preference
Shareholders for the Co-Sale Preference Shares shall provide that:

42.6.1, the same terms and conditions as apply to the Loan Note Sale shall
apply;

42.6.2, the consideration payable for each Co-Sale Preference Share shall be a
consideration per share (including any contingent or deferred
consideration)(insofar as it can be ascertained at the date of the offer)
which is not less than the amount which would be payable in respect
of that Co-Sale Preference Shares if there had been a redemption of
such share in accordance with Articles 7.3.6-7.3.10 on the date of the
aforesaid offer to Relevant Preference Shareholders (in which case
upon completion of the purchase of such shares in accordance with
this Article 42 no redemption of such shares shall be permitted under
these Articles);

42.6.3. in determining the consideration payable in respect of the Loan Note
Sale, any option, warrant or other right or opportunity offered to
subscribe for or acquire any share, debt instrument or other security in
the capital of the Buyer or any group undertaking of the Buyer
("Buyer Investment") which is consideration offered for A Loan Notes
in terms of the Loan Note Sale shall be reflected in the consideration
so payable to the holders of Co-Sale Preference Shares, but for the
avoidance of doubt if acting in good faith and without any intention
to manipulate or reduce the consideration so payable and if in the
opinion of the Board (acting reasonably and without delay) any such
Buyer Investment is not part of such consideration offered and is
acquired independently of the Loan Note Sale, the Buyer Investment
shall be disregarded in determining the consideration so payable to
the holders of A Loan Notes and the holders of Co-Sale Preference
Shares; and

42.6.4. any reasonable and properly incurred costs, fees and expenses
incurred in relation to the Loan Note Sale or the offer to Relevant

014-3912-0836/2/EUROPE



===== page 41 =====
43,1.

37

Preference Shareholders which are not borne by the Company or the
buyer shall be borne by the relevant holders of A Loan Notes which
are to be sold (and any other Loan Notes which are to be sold in
conjunction with the Loan Note Sale) and the Relevant Preference
Shareholders who accept the offer, pro rata to the aggregate
consideration to be paid to each of them by the buyer and each such
Relevant Preference Shareholder shall be paid his consideration
therefor after deduction of his proportion of such costs.

DRAG-ALONG
Investor Drag-Along

The holders of the majority of the A Shares (in this Article, the "Seller" or
“Sellers") may agree, without having to comply with any other provisions of
these Articles (except Articles 41.1 and 41.2 (unless the following provisions
of this Article 43 (other than Articles 43.7-43.11) are to be applied)), to sell or
transfer (the “Relevant Sale") not less than the majority of the A Shares to any
person whatsoever (together with persons acting in concert therewith) (in this
Article, the "Buyer"), A Relevant Sale shall only be a Relevant Sale for the
purposes of this Article 43 if: (i) it is a bona fide transaction on arm's length
terms to an unconnected Buyer and (ii) there will be a sale or transfer of the
majority of the A Loan Notes (as defined in the Investment Agreement) to the
Buyer or any person nominated by the Buyer if such A Loan Notes are not to
be redeemed or repaid. If such Relevant Sale becomes unconditional in all
respects (other than any condition in respect of the operation of this Article 43
(whether or not including or excluding Articles 43.7-43.11)), the Buyer may by
written notice to the Company served within 60 days of such Relevant Sale
agreement, require the Company, as agent for the Buyer, to serve notices (in
this Article, each a “Compulsory Acquisition Notice") on some or all of the
members specified by the Buyer being members who have not participated in
such Relevant Sale (the "Remainder Shareholders") requiring them to sell the
Relevant Proportion of their shares (other than Preference Shares) to the
Buyer or a person or entity nominated by the Buyer at a consideration per
share equal to the Compulsory Acquisition Price as defined in Article 43.6.
The Company shail serve the Compulsory Acquisition Notices forthwith
upon being required to do so and thereafter the Remainder Shareholders
shall not be entitled to transfer their shares to anyone except the Buyer or a
person identified by the Buyer. Each Compulsory Acquisition Notice shall
specify the same date (being not less than seven or more than 21 days after
the date of the Compulsory Acquisition Notice) for the completion of the
relevant transfer of shares to the Buyer (the “Proposed Compulsory
Acquisition Completion Date"). The "Compulsory Acquisition Completion
Date" shall be the date on which the Buyer completes the purchase of the
shares from the Remainder Shareholders (being a date on or after the
Proposed Compulsory Acquisition Completion Date). If any Remainder
Shareholder holds more than one class of shares (other than Preference
Shares) then the Compulsory Acquisition Notice will comprise the Relevant
Proportion of each such class of shares.

014-3612-0836/2/EUROPE



===== page 42 =====
43,4.

38

The Buyer shall be ready and able to complete the purchase of all shares in
respect of which a Compulsory Acquisition Notice has been given on the
Proposed Compulsory Acquisition Completion Date. Any Relevant Sale or
any service or transfer pursuant to a Compulsory Acquisition Notice shall not
require compliance with Article 40, 41 or 42.

If in any case a Remainder Shareholder shall not on or before the Compulsory
Acquisition Completion Date have transferred his shares to the Buyer or a
person identified by the Buyer against payment of the price therefor:

43.3.1, the Sellers shall authorise any Director or other person to execute and
deliver on his behalf any necessary transfer in favour of the Buyer or
the person identified by the Buyer;

43,3,2, the Company shall receive the consideration in respect of such shares;
and

43,3.3, the Company shall (subject to the transfer being duly stamped to the
extent applicable) cause the name of the Buyer (or the person
identified by the Buyer) to be entered into the Register of Members as
the holder of the relevant shares.

The Company shall hold the consideration in trust for each such Remainder
Shareholder but shall not be bound to earn or pay interest thereon, The issue
of a receipt by the Company for the consideration shall be a good receipt for
the price for the relevant shares. The Company shall apply the consideration
received by it in payment to each such Remainder Shareholder against
delivery by that Remainder Shareholder of the certificate in respect of the
shares or an indemnity in respect of the same in form and substance
acceptable to the Company. After the name of the Buyer or the person
identified by the Buyer has been entered in the Register of Members in
purported exercise of the aforesaid powers the validity of the proceedings
shall not be questioned by any person.

For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in these Articles shall prevent the issue of
a new Compulsory Acquisition Notice immediately prior to or following the
lapse or withdrawal of an existing Compulsory Acquisition Notice in which
case such newly served notice shall supersede and revoke any earlier such
notice, notwithstanding that the relevant acceptance and purchase period as
may be designated in the original Compulsory Acquisition Notice may not
have expired.

Where any person has a right to subscribe for shares prior to the transfer to
the Buyer which would result in such person becoming a member of the
Company or where a member has the right to subscribe for additional shares
then the Buyer may serve a Compulsory Acquisition Notice on him (either at
the same time as all other Compulsory Acquisition Notices are served or
otherwise) notwithstanding that such person may not, at the time of service,
be the holder of any shares and, in such a case, the Compulsory Acquisition
Notice shall be in respect of any shares which the relevant person shall obtain
upon the exercise by them of their subscription rights.

014-3812-0836/2/EUROPE



===== page 43 =====
39

43.6. The "Compulsory Acquisition Price" for the purposes of this Article 43 shall

43.6.1, Value per share - calculated as follows:

(a) determine the total equity value (not enterprise value) for the
whole of the issued share capital of the Company using the
value per share agreed in terms of the Relevant Sale, then
move to paragraph (b);

(b) allocate the resulting figure from paragraph (a) in accordance
with Articles 7.1.2 and 7.3.2 to work out the amount to be
allocated to each Remainder Shareholder in respect of the
shares the subject of any Compulsory Acquisition Notice, then
move to paragraph (c);

(c) if the Buyer or any person or entity nominated to do so on its
behalf agrees to pay costs associated with the Relevant Sale
and the purchase of shares held by the Remainder
Shareholders, those costs shall be deducted from the final
consideration payable to the sellers of shares and in so doing
the costs shall be allocated across the Remainder Shareholders
and Sellers who are selling shares to the Buyer or person or
entity nominated by the Buyer pro rata by reference to the
proportion of the total number of shares sold represented by
the number of such shares sold by each of them.

43.6,2. Form of consideration - a consideration per share {including any

contingent or deferred consideration) (in so far as it can be ascertained
at the date of the Compulsory Acquisition Notice) which is in the
same form as the consideration payable to the Sellers in respect of
their A Shares unless the Buyer or the Sellers propose different forms
of consideration which are approved by Majority Manager Equity
Consent (as defined in the Investment Agreement).

For the avoidance of doubt, in determining the Compulsory
Acquisition Price, any option, warrant or other right or opportunity
offered to subscribe for or acquire any share, debt instrument or other
security in the capital of the Buyer or any group undertaking of the
Buyer ("Buyer Investment") which is consideration offered for the
Selier's A Shares shall be reflected in the Compulsory Acquisition
Price, but for the avoidance of doubt if acting in good faith and
without any intention to manipulate or reduce the consideration so
payable and if so agreed by the Board acting reasonably and without
delay that any such Buyer Investment is not part of such consideration
offered and is acquired independently of the Relevant Sale, the Buyer
Investment shall be disregarded in determining the Compulsory
Acquisition Price.

Preference Share Drag-along

(014-3812-089e/2/EUROPE



===== page 44 =====
43.7.

40

If (a) clause 23 of the Investment Agreement applies; or (b) there is a Loan
Note Repayment Date (other than in circumstances in which clause 23 of the
Investment Agreement applies); or (c) there is a sale of A Loan Notes
representing not less than the majority of the principal value of the
outstanding A Loan Notes which is a bona fide transaction on arm's length
terms to an unconnected buyer; or (d) there is a Drag Sale or a Share Sale (in
either case, other than in circumstances in which clause 23 of the Investment
Agreement applies), the holders of the majority of the A Shares may be
written notice (the “Preference Share Drag Notice") to the Company served
within 60 days of any such event require the Company, as agent, to serve
notices (the "Drag Instruction") on some or all of the holders of Preference
Shares specified in the Preference Share Drag Notice requiring them to sell all
{but not some only) of their Preference Shares (or in the case of (b) above, the
Relevant Preference Shares) to the person or entity stated in the Preference
Share Drag Notice (the "Buyer") at a cash consideration (unless the Buyer or
the holders of the majority of the A Shares propose different forms of
consideration which are approved by Majority Manager Noteholder Consent
(as defined in the Investment Agreement)) equal to:

43.7.1. in the case of (a) above, £1 in total for all Preference Shares referred to
in the Drag Instruction (on the basis that the realisation value of the
Preference Shares will be determined by and satisfied in accordance
with clause 23 of the Investment Agreement);

43.7.2. in the case of (b) and (c) above, the amount which would be payable in
respect of the Preference Shares or Relevant Preference Shares (as the
case may be) referred to in the Drag Instruction if there had been a
redemption of such shares in accordance with Articles 7.3.6-7.3.10 on
the date of service of the Drag Instruction (in which case upon
completion of the purchase of such shares in accordance with this
Article 43.7-43.11 no redemption of such shares shall be permitted
under these Articles); and

43.7.3. in the case of (d) above, the amount which would be payable in
respect of the Preference Shares referred to in the Drag Instruction if
the Preference Shares had been sold and Article 7.3.3 applied on the
date of service of the Draft Instruction (in which case upon completion
of the purchase of such shares in accordance with this Article 43.7-
43.11 no redemption of such shares shall be permitted under these
Articles and no payments will be due to in respect of the sold
Preference Shares under Article 7.3.3).

The Company shall serve the Drag Instructions forthwith upon being
required to do so and thereafter the holders of Preference Shares the subject
thereof shall not be entitled to transfer their Preference Shares to anyone
except the Buyer or a person identified by the Buyer. Each Drag Instruction
shall specify the same date (being not less than seven nor more than 21 days
after the date of the Preference Share Drag Notice) for the completion of the
relevant transfer of shares to the Buyer (the "Proposed Drag Completion
Date"). The "Drag Completion Date” shall be the date on which the Buyer

014-3812-0836/2/EUROPE



===== page 45 =====
43,9,

43,10,

43.11.

43,12.

41

completes the purchase of the shares with the relevant holders of Preference
Shares (being a date on or after the Proposed Drag Completion Date).

The Buyer shall be ready and able to complete the purchase of all Preference
Shares in respect of which a Drag Instruction has been given on the Proposed
Drag Completion Date. Article 40 shall not apply in respect of any transfer
pursuant to a Drag Instruction.

If in any case a holder of Preference Shares the subject of a Drag Instruction
shall not on or before the Drag Completion Date have transferred his relevant
Preference Shares to the Buyer or a person identified by the Buyer against
payment of the price therefor:

43.10.1.the holders of the majority of the A Shares shall authorise any Director
or other person to execute and deliver on his behalf any necessary
transfer in favour of the Buyer or the person identified by the Buyer;

43,.10.2.the Company shall receive the consideration in respect of such shares;
and

43.10.3.the Company shall (subject to the transfer being duly stamped to the
extent applicable) cause the name of the Buyer (or the person
identified by the Buyer) to be entered into the Register of Members as
the holder of the relevant shares.

The Company shall hold the consideration in trust for each such holder of
Preference Shares but shall not be bound to earn or pay interest thereon. The
issue of a receipt by the Company for the consideration shall be a good
receipt for the price for the relevant shares. The Company shall apply the
consideration received by it in payment to each such holder of Preference
Shares against delivery by that holder of the certificate in respect of the
relevant Preference Shares or an indemnity in respect of the same in form and
substance acceptable to the Company. After the name of the Buyer or the
person identified by the Buyer has been entered in the Register of Members in
purported exercise of the aforesaid powers the validity of the proceedings
shall not be questioned by any person.

For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in these Articles shall prevent the issue of
a new Preference Share Drag Notice or Drag Instruction immediately prior to
or following the lapse or withdrawal of an such existing notice or instruction
in which case such newly served notice shall supersede and revoke any
earlier such notice, notwithstanding that the relevant acceptance and
purchase period as may be designated in the original notice or instruction
may not have expired.

It is agreed that the sale and purchase of any shares (other than A Shares)
pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Article 43 or Articles 41 or 42
shall be required to and deemed to take place on the basis that the transferor
gives the transferee full title guarantee and all assurances that the transferee
or any holder of A Shares may reasonably require regarding the termination
of the Nominee Agreement (if applicable) in respect of any such shares and
any Loan Notes held by or for the benefit of any seller of such shares.

014-3812-0836/2/EUROPE



===== page 46 =====
44,2,

44.4,

45.1,

42

INVESTOR DIRECTOR
Investor Director/Chairman

Without prejudice to any additional rights arising under Article 7.4.4, the
holders of the majority of the A Shares may, by notice in writing addressed to
the Company signed by or on behalf of each of them and delivered to the
Office, appoint (i) Investor Directors as Directors of the Company provided
there are no more than two of the Investor Directors so appointed from time
to time and/or (ii) any person as a Director to be the chairman of the board of
directors of each or any member of the Group and/or (iii) any person to be an
Observer provided there is no more than one Observer so appointed from
time to time.

An Observer shall have the right to attend all meetings of the Directors and of
any committee of the Directors and to receive such other information as a
Director would be entitled to receive at the same time as such information is
provided to Directors and shall, as regards confidentiality, have the same
obligations to the Company as if he were a Director. An Observer shall be
entitled to attend and speak at any such meetings of the Directors but shall
not, for the avoidance of doubt, be entitled to vote.

Each Investor Director and/or Observer shall be entitled to report back to the
members appointing him on the affairs of the Company and members of its
Group on a confidential basis and to disclose to such members on a
confidential basis such information as he shall reasonably consider
appropriate including, for the avoidance of doubt, all papers distributed to
the Directors.

Any person appointed as a Director or an Observer pursuant to the terms of
this Article 44 may be removed and another person appointed in his place by
notice in writing addressed to the Company signed by the holders of the
majority of the A Shares from time to time in issue.

Conflicts of Interest

The conflict of interest provisions contained in the 2006 Act in particular
section 173(2)(b) should be read in the light of the following Articles dealing
with conflicts of interest.

If a situation arises in which a Director (the "Conflicted Director") has, or can
have, a direct or indirect interest that conflicts, or possibly may conflict, with
the interests of the Company (including without limitation, in relation to the
exploitation of any property, information or opportunity, whether or not the
Company could take advantage of it) (a “Situation") the following provisions
shall apply:

45.2.1. the Directors (other than the Conflicted Director and any other
Director with a similar interest who shall not be counted in the
quorum at the meeting and shall not vote on the resolution); or

014-3812-0836/2/EUROPE



===== page 47 =====
45.3.

45.4,

45.5.

43

45.2.2, the members (by ordinary resolution or by notice in writing given to
the Company by the holders of the majority of Voting Rights),

may resolve to authorise such Situation and the continuing performance by
the Conflicted Director of his duties and confirm that the existence of such
Situation shall not give rise to a breach of the duty of the Conflicted Director
pursuant to section 175 of the 2006 Act (or as such section may be amended or
restated or re-numbered from time to time). Any such authorisation may be
subject to such conditions as the Directors or members (as applicable) may
consider necessary or desirable.

Any proposed authorisation under Article 45.2 may only be given in respect
of a matter which constitutes a Situation in which a Director who is not an
Investor Director has, or can have a direct or indirect interest that conflicts, or
possibly may conflict, with the interests of the Company, if an Investor
Director has given his consent to such authorisation.

In the execution of his duty to promote the success of the Company it is
acknowledged that any Investor Director shall be entitled to have regard to
and take account of the interests of the person or party or entity who has
appointed him (the "Appointer') and in doing so such Investor Director shall
not have infringed their duty to exercise independent judgement in
accordance with section 173 of the 2006 Act (or as such section may be
amended or restated or re-numbered from time to time).

Notwithstanding Article 45.2, the existence of the following Situations
relating to any Investor Director which do or may give rise to a conflict
arising as a result of any Investor Director's involvement with and
relationship with his Appointer and the investment strategy and operations
of the Appointer, shall be hereby authorised, without further approval being
required by the Directors and/or the members and consequently shall not
give rise to a breach of duty to avoid conflicts of interest:

(a) if any Investor Director is a shareholder in and/or member and/or
partner and/or employee of the Appointer or if any Investor Director
has any economic interest in an investment fund in relation to which
the Appointer forms part of the relevant fund structure;

(b) if any Investor Director has an advisory relationship with a competitor
of any member of the Group;

(c) if the Appointer acquires a competitor of or a supplier to the
Company or any member of the Group, or a material interest therein;

(d) if the Appointer or any person connected with the Appointer wishes
to take up an opportunity that had been offered to, but declined by the
Group;

(e) if any Investor Director is appointed by the Appointer or any person
connected with the Appointer or is otherwise appointed as a Director
of any other company outside the Group, including in a competitor to
or supplier of the Group;

014-3812-0836/2/EUROPE



===== page 48 =====
45.6.

46.

46.1.

44

(} if the Group is considering a refinancing proposed by or supported by
the Appointer;

{g) if the Appointer wishes to exit its investment in the Group by way of a
Share Sale or Listing or a sale of assets by the Group or otherwise;

(h) _ if an Investor Director accepts a benefit from a third party conferred
by reason of his being a Director or his doing (or not doing) anything
as a Director, provided such benefit falls within section 176(4) of the
2006 Act (or as such section may be amended or restated or
renumbered from time to time); and.

i if the Appointer consents or withholds consent or gives any direction
PP 8 'y
pursuant to the Investment Agreement and/or these Articles,

and the Investor Directors shall be entitled to attend, be counted in the
quorum and vote at any meeting of the Directors notwithstanding any such
conflict or potential conflict.

Where any Investor Director obtains confidential information (other than
through his position as a Director of the Company) that is confidential to a
third party, he will not be obliged to disclose it to the Company or to use it in
relation to the Company's affairs in circumstances where to do so would
amount to a breach of that confidence.

Purchase of own shares

Subject to the 2006 Act but without prejudice to any other provision of these
Articles, the Company may purchase its own shares in accordance with
Chapter 4 of Part 18 of the 2006 Act, including (without limitation) out of
capital up to any amount in a financial year not exceeding the lower of:

(@) £15,000; and

(b) the nominal value of 5% of the Company's fully paid share
capital at the beginning of each financial year of the Company.

014-3812-0836/27EUROPE.



===== page 49 =====
45

SCHEDULE PART 1

In the Articles to which this forms a schedule the following words and
expressions shall, unless the context otherwise requires, bear the following
meanings:

“acting in concert" has the meaning set out in the Code;
“A Loan Notes" has the meaning set out in the Investment Agreement;

"A Shares" means A shares of £0.00001 each in the capital of the Company
and having the rights and restrictions ascribed to such shares as set out in
these Articles;

“A Shareholder Consent’ means the written consent of holders of A Shares
holding, in aggregate, the majority of the A Shares in issue;

"Auditors" means the auditors of the Company from time to time;

"B Loan Note Transfer Agreement" has the meaning set out in the
Investment Agreement;

"B1 Shares" means B1 ordinary shares of £0.00001 each in the capital of the
Company and having the rights and restrictions ascribed to such shares as set
out in these Articles;

“B2 Shares" means B2 ordinary shares of £0.00001 each in the capital of the
Company and having the rights and restrictions ascribed to such shares as set
out in these Articles;

"Bad Leaver" means any Leaver other than a Good Leaver or a Very Bad
Leaver or a Leaver in respect of which it has been determined pursuant to
Article 37.3 that a Very Bad Leaver shall be deemed a Bad Leaver;

“Board" means the board of Directors of the Company from time to time
(acting by a majority);

"C1 Shares" means C1 ordinary shares of £0.00001 each in the capital of the
Company and having the rights and restrictions ascribed to such shares as set
out in these Articles;

“C2 Shares" means C2 ordinary shares of £0.00001 each in the capital of the
Company and having the rights and restrictions ascribed to such shares as set
out in these Articles;

"Code" means the City Code on Takeovers and Mergers as published by The
Panel on Takeover and Mergers from time to time;

“Compulsory Purchase Interest" means the majority of the Equity Shares (to
include the majority of the A Shares);

"Controlling Interest" means the majority of the Equity Shares (to include the
majority of the A Shares);

014-3812-0838/2/EUROPE



===== page 50 =====
46

"D Shares" means D ordinary shares of £1.00 each in the capital of the
Company and having the rights and restrictions ascribed to such shares as set
out in these Articles;

“Deferred Shares" means deferred shares of £0,000005 each in the capital of
the Company and having the rights and restrictions ascribed to such shares as
set out in these Articles;

"Directors" means the directors of the Company (or, if the context so requires,
any member of the Group) from time to time and "Director" means any one of
them;

“Drag Sale" means a Relevant Sale in respect of which the operation of Article
43,1-43.6 has taken place or will take place;

"Dunedin Advised Member" means a member who is managed or advised
by or is nominee of a person or entity which is managed or advised by
Dunedin or a member of the Dunedin Group (as defined in Article 36.3);

“Dunedin” means Dunedin LLP (registered no, $0362262) a limited liability
partnership incorporated in Scotland and having its registered office at Saltire
Court, 20 Castle Terrace, Edinburgh EH1 2EN;

“eligible member" has the meaning set out in Section 289(1) of the 2006 Act;

“Equity Shares“ means the A Shares, B1 Shares, B2 Shares, C1 Shares, C2
Shares, D Shares and the F Shares, taken together as one class;

“Event of Default" means any of the following:

(i) if any issuer of any Loan Note has failed to redeem any of the Loan
Notes on the due date for redemption and/or pay interest within five
Business Days of the due date for payment in accordance with any of
the Loan Note Instruments (for whatever reason including any
restriction imposed by any intercreditor or similar arrangement); or

(ii) if the borrower is in breach of any of the financial covenants under
any of the Finance Documents; or

(iii) if any member of the Group is in the reasonable opinion of the holders
of the majority of the A Shares (acting in good faith) likely to fail or
breach (as appropriate) at any time during the following 12 months
(based on the most recent monthly information provided pursuant to
clause 10 of the Investment Agreement) any of the financial covenants
as set out in any of the Finance Documents; or

(iv) _ if there is a material breach of any of the provisions of these Articles or
the Investment Agreement (other than the warranties in paragraphs 3,
4 and 5 of Schedule Part 9 of the Investment Agreement) or the
Nominee Agreement or the B Loan Note Transfer Agreement by any
member of the Group or any member or any Manager (or any of
them);

014-3812-0836/2/EUROPE



===== page 51 =====
47

"“F Shares" means F ordinary shares of £0.00001 each in the capital of the
Company and having the rights and restrictions ascribed to such shares as set
out in these Articles;

"Fair Price" means the price per share determined in accordance with Article
39;

"Family Settlement" means any trust or trusts under which no immediate
beneficial interest in the shares in question is, for the time being, vested in any
person other than the member concerned and/or his Privileged Relations;

"Finance Documents" has the meaning set out in the Investment Agreement;

"Financial Institution" means any investment fund, collective investment
scheme, limited partnership, investment trust, investment company, any
institution which would be a bank as defined for the purposes of section 878
of the Income Tax Act 2007 or any member of the British Venture Capital
Association;

"General Offer" means an offer as defined in the Code;

"Good Leaver" means a Leaver where the cessation of employment with any
member of the Group or, in the case of a Leaver who provides consultancy
services to any member of the Group where the cessation of provision of
consultancy services or, in the case of a Leaver who is a Director but not an
employee, the cessation of directorship with any member of the Group is as a
result of any of the following circumstances:

(a) retirement on or after reaching retirement age in accordance with his
terms of employment or the contract in terms of which his
consultancy services are provided or early retirement with the consent
of the Remuneration Committee;

(b) redundancy (as defined in section 139(1) of the Employment Rights
Act 1996);

© where such cessation is determined by a court or tribunal of
competent jurisdiction (from which there is no right of appeal) to be a
wrongful dismissal;

(a) death;

(e) ill health or permanent mental or physica! incapacity, in any case as
certified by an independent medical expert appointed by the
Company as rendering the departing person permanently incapable of
carrying out his role as an employee, consultant and/or director save
where such ill health or incapacity has arises as a result of the abuse of
drugs or alcohol; or

() it has determined pursuant to Article 37.3 that a Leaver who would
otherwise be a Bad Leaver or a Very Bad Leaver be deemed a Good
Leaver;

044-9812-0836/2/EUROPE



===== page 52 =====
48

"Group" has the meaning set out in the Investment Agreement;

"Investment Agreement" means the investment agreement entered into by
the Company and others on the Investment Date, and as amended from time
to time;

"Investment Date" means 3 February 2016;
"Investment Manager" means Dunedin;

"Investor Director" means any Director appointed and designated an
Investor Director pursuant to Article 44 (or if there is no Investor Director at
the relevant time, the Observer (if any));

"Investor Director Consent" means the written consent of any Investor
Director (excluding Observers), or if there are no Investor Directors
(excluding Observers) or the holders of the majority of A Shares so direct
from time to time, references to Investor Director Consent shall be deemed to
be references to "A Shareholder Consent";

"Leaver" means any of the following to the extent that they have or have ever
had (or their Permitted Transferees or the Nominee or any Permitted
Transferee of the Nominee have or have ever had) any legal or beneficial
interest in any shares:

{a) any employee, director or consultant (and for the purposes of this
definition and related definitions in these Articles a consultant shall
include any person employed or engaged by a consultant company
which is engaged to provide the services of that person to any
member of the Group from time to time (other than an Investor
Director) and who serves or is served with notice of termination of his
employment and/or directorships with all members of the Group by
whom he is employed or of which he is a Director or the company or
person which contracts with a member of the Group to provide his
services as a consultant serves or is served with notice of termination
of the relevant consultancy agreement;

(b) any employee, director or consultant who ceases to carry out such role
{whether or not his contract of employment or the relevant
consultancy agreement is validly terminated and/or whether or not
such termination is wrongful or unfair or otherwise) or who ceases to
be an employee and/or Director of and/or provider of consultancy
services to a member of the Group because such member of the Group
ceases to be a member of the Group and does not continue (or is not
immediately re-employed/re-appointed) as an employee and/or
Director of and/or provider of consultancy services to the Company
or any such member of the Group;

(©) any person (other than holders of A Shares) who dies or becomes
bankrupt; or

014-3812-0836/27EUROPE



===== page 53 =====
ag

(d) any person referred to in paragraph (b) of the definition of Very Bad
Leaver.

Any reference in these Articles to a Leaver shall include any person who
becomes entitled to a Leaver's interest in any shares by transmission
following the death or bankruptcy of a Leaver, or any Permitted Transferee of
a Leaver or any Permitted Transferee of the Nominee in such capacity;

“Leaver Period" means the period beginning on {and inclusive of) the
Termination Date and ending on the date falling eighteen months after the
date on which the Leaver ceased to be employed by or a director of, or
provide consultancy services to the relevant member of the Group;

"Leaver Shares" means the following shares (whether or not the following
shares are registered in the name of the Nominee or any other person) to the
extent the Leaver and/or his Permitted Transferees and/or any Permitted
Transferees of the Nominee have any legal and/or beneficial ownership
therein and/or have any entitlement therein pursuant to the Nominee
Agreement:

(a) if the Leaver is a Good Leaver or Bad Leaver, all C1, C2 and D Shares
(but not for the avoidance of doubt B1 or B2 Shares unless such Leaver
becomes a Very Bad Leaver); or

(b) if the Leaver is a Very Bad Leaver, all BI, B2, C1, C2 and D Shares;
"Listing" has the meaning set out in the Investment Agreement;

“Loan Note Instruments" has the meaning set out in the Investment
Agreement;

"Loan Notes" has the meaning set out in the Investment Agreement;

"Loan Note Repayment Date" shall mean any date on which the repayment
of Loan Notes is notified or proposed in accordance with any Loan Note
Instrument (save that if so required by the holders of the majority of the A
Shares, Loan Note Repayment Date shall exclude any repayment in
connection with a winding-up of the Company or any repayment in
connection with which there will be a sale or other realisation of Preference
Shares to which Articles 7.3.2-7.3.4 or clause 23 of the Investment Agreement
shall apply);

"member" or "Member" means a person (whether an individual or a
corporation) who is the registered holder of shares;

"Nominee" means Alpha FMC Group Nominees Limited, a company
registered in England with number 08936452;

“Nominee Agreement" has the meaning set out in the Investment Agreement;

"Observer" means any person appointed as an observer pursuant to Article
44.1;

014-3612-0898/2/EUROPE



===== page 54 =====
50

"Office" means the registered office of the Company;

“Original Employee Member" means each member holding Equity Shares
{other than A Shares) and/or Preference Shares other than a member who
became a holder of any such shares by reason of a Permitted Transfer;

“Permitted Transfer" means a transfer of shares pursuant to Article 36;

“Permitted Transferee" means in respect of any person or entity those
persons or entities to whom shares or any interest in any share originally held
by that person or entity have been transferred in accordance with Article 36
or the Nominee Agreement;

"Preference Share Leaver Date" means the Termination Date in respect of
any person who has or has ever had (and/or whose Permitted Transferees
and/or the Nominee and/or any Permitted Transferee of the Nominee have
or have ever had) any interest in any Preference Shares (whether or not such
Preference Shares are held by the Nominee, any Permitted Transferee or any
other person) who is a Bad Leaver or a Very Bad Leaver; for the avoidance of
doubt the Preference Share Leaver Date shall apply only to the extent of the
Preference Shares in respect of which the Bad Leaver or a Very Bad Leaver
(and/or his Permitted Transferees or the Nominee (or any Permitted
Transferee of the Nominee) on his behalf} holds any legal and/or beneficial
interest from time to time;

“Preference Shares" means preference shares of £0.000005 each in the capital
of the Company and having the rights and restrictions ascribed to such shares
as set out in these Articles;

"Privileged Relation" means in respect of any member (other than a trust)
any person over the age of eighteen years who is the spouse or civil partner
or any person over the age of eighteen years who is the lineal descendent of
the member and for these purposes the step-child or adopted child of any
person shall be deemed to that person's lineal descendant;

“Redeemable Deferred Shares" means the non-voting redeemable deferred
shares of £[* ] in the capital of the Company and having the rights and
restrictions ascribed to such shares as set out in these Articles;

“Register of Members" means the register of members kept by the Company
pursuant to Section 113 of the 2006 Act;

"Relevant Preference Shares" means X% of the total number of issued
Preference Shares immediately prior to the Loan Note Repayment Date
{rounded up or down to the nearest whole number of Preference Shares),
where X% shall be the percentage of the total principal value of outstanding
Loan Notes which are to be repaid on the Loan Note Repayment Date;

"Relevant Proportion" means the proportion of the total number of issued A
Shares represented by the Sellers' Shares (as defined in Article 42.1) or by the
A Shares agreed to be sold under the Relevant Sale (as defined in Article 43)
expressed as a percentage;

044-3812-0838/2/EUROPE



===== page 55 =====
51

“Remuneration Committee" means the remuneration committee of the
Directors constituted in accordance with clause 19.1 of the Investment
Agreement, or if from time to time there is no Remuneration Committee, the
Directors (with Investor Director Consent);

“Restrictive Covenants" means any restrictive covenant set out in the
Investment Agreement or any Transaction Document (as defined in the
Investment Agreement) or a service agreement and/or consultancy
agreement and/or any other terms of appointment by any member of the
Group to which a Manager (as defined in the Investment Agreement) is a
party or where any such restrictive covenant in respect of non-competition
only has expired, in circumstances which would have been a breach of any
such non-competition restrictive covenant had it not so expired;

“Share Sale" has the meaning set out in the Investment Agreement;
"shares" means shares in the share capital of the Company;

"Specified Price" means if there is a Deemed Transfer (as defined in Article
37), the price per Leaver Share (or any share referred to in Article 37.6) as
determined in accordance with Article 37;

“Termination Date" means:

{a) in respect of any Leaver (other than any person referred to in
paragraph (b) of the definition of Very Bad Leaver) (whether or not
such termination or cessation was lawful, wrongful, unfair or
otherwise) the date upon which notice of cessation of the contract of
employment or appointment as Director of the relevant Leaver
terminated or the consultancy agreement was given by any member of
the Group or the Leaver (or if there is no such notice date, the date on
which the Leaver ceased to be employed by or a Director of or provide
consultancy services to the relevant member of the Group); and

(b) in respect of any person referred to in paragraph (b) of the definition
of Very Bad Leaver, the date upon which the breach referred to
therein is admitted or determined by a court of competent jurisdiction
(from which there is no right of appeal); for the avoidance of doubt
there may be more than one Termination Date (and more than one
operation of Article 7.3.1, 37 and/or 38) in respect of a Leaver in the
event that a Leaver subsequently becomes a Very Bad Leaver in the
circumstances set out in the aforesaid paragraph (b) of the definition
of Very Bad Leaver;

"Valuer" means the valuer agreed between the transferor and the
Remuneration Committee (acting reasonably and without delay) or if such
agreement is not achieved within 5 days, at, the option of the Company, an
independent firm of chartered accountants nominated by the President of the
Institute of Chartered Accountants of England and Wales (or his equivalent
from time to time)) in each case acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator;

"Very Bad Leaver” means:

014-3812-0836/2/EUROPE.



===== page 56 =====
52

(a) a Leaver who has resigned (other than in circumstances where he is
found by a court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction (from which
there is no right of appeal) to have been constructively dismissed);

(b) a person who has or has ever had legal and/or beneficial ownership
of any shares and who is in breach of any of the Restrictive Covenants;

“Voting Rights" means the right to receive notice of, attend (in person or by
proxy), speak {in person or by proxy) and vote (in person or by proxy) at
general meetings of the Company.

Words and expressions defined in the 2006 Act shall, unless the context
otherwise requires, bear the same meanings herein.

This Schedule Part 1 and Schedule Part 2 shall be deemed to be part of, and
shall be construed as one with, the Articles,

References to any document or agreement or deed in these Articles shall

include any such document or agreement or deed as amended, varied,
modified, supplemented or restated from time to time.

014-3812-0836/2/EUROPE



===== page 57 =====
53

SCHEDULE PART 2

MATTERS REQUIRING A SHAREHOLDER CONSENT REFERRED TO IN
ARTICLE 7.1.5(a)

In this Schedule Part 2, defined terms shall have the meaning given to them in the
Investment Agreement.

The matters are:
PART A

1, any alteration to the memorandum of association or these Articles or articles
of association or other constitutional documents of any member of the Group;

2. the modification, variation or abrogation of the rights attaching to any class of
Shares or any securities of any member of the Group;

3. agreement of the terms of an Exit and making any arrangements for any other
form of marketing of any form of its share capital (including without
limitation listing on any foreign stock exchange);

4. any re-organisation, consolidation, subdivision, conversion or reduction of
any member of the Group's share capital;

5. any resolution to liquidate or wind-up any member of the Group;

6. any application to have an administrator appointed to any member of the
Group;

7. any purchase or redemption by any member of the Group of its own shares;

8. any alteration to the accounting reference date of any member of the Group;

9. the removal of the auditors of any member of the Group;

10. any application by any member of the Group to the Secretary of State to
appoint one or more inspectors to investigate the affairs of any member of the

Group; and

11. any passing of any shareholder resolution of Midco.

014-3812-0636/2/EUROPE



===== page 58 =====
12.

13.

14.

I.

16,

17,

18.

54

PARTB

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Part B of Schedule Part 2 of these
Artcles, if the business of the Group is performing materially in line with the Budget
and/or Business Plan approved by the Investor Director, specific matters provided for
in such Budget or Business Plan with appropriate specific detail, explanation and
costing will not require an additional consent in accordance with Article 7.1.5(a).

References in this Part B below to the “Company” will include each Group Company
from time to time and reference to amounts will be deemed to be the aggregate for all
members of the Group.

Any monetary sum in this Part B of Schedule Part 2 of these Articles, which is in
pounds sterling shall, in respect of a member of the Group which operates with a
currency not in pounds sterling, be translated into the currency which is applicable to
the relevant member of the Group at the closing mid-point spot rate applicable to that
sum of pounds sterling currency at close of business in London on the relevant date
(or, if such day is not a Business Day, on the Business Day immediately preceding
such day) as shown in the Financial Times (London First Edition) published on the
next following day or if the Financial Times (London First Edition) is not published
on that day the closing middle point spot rate quoted in an equivalent financial
newspaper on that day or the next following day on which such newspaper is
published.

any variation in the issued share capital of the Company or the creation or the
granting of any options over or rights to subscribe for any shares or securities
in any member of the Group;

other than Share transfers expressly permitted by, or approved in accordance
with, these Articles, approval of any Share transfer or, other than transfers of
Midco B Shares expressly permitted by, or approved in accordance with, the
Midco Articles, approval of any Midco B Share transfer;

the reduction of the any member of the Group's share capital, share premium
account, capital redemption reserve or any other reserve;

the redemption of any loan stock or loan notes of any member of the Group
other than on a redemption in accordance with the terms of the relevant Loan
Note Instrument or the BL Midco Loan Note Instrument;

the capitalisation of any undistributed profits (whether or not the same are
available for distribution and including profits standing to the credit of the
Teserve) or any sums standing to the credit of the share premium account or
capital redemption reserve fund of any member of the Group;

the application by way of capitalisation any sum in or towards paying up any
debenture or debenture stock of any member of the Group;

re-organising or consolidating or sub-dividing or converting or transferring

any of the shares for the time being in the capital of any of any member of the
Group's subsidiaries or varying any of the rights attaching to any of the

014-3812-0836/2/EUROPE



===== page 59 =====
19.

8

21.

22.

24.

27,

29.

30,

31.

32.

55

shares for the time being in the capital of any of the Company's subsidiaries
or reducing the capital of any of the Company's subsidiaries;

taking any action with a view to commencing winding up, administration or
teceivership proceedings (or any analogous proceedings in any jurisdiction)
against any member of the Group other than in circumstances where not
doing so immediately would constitute a breach of director's duties;

any disposal of the whole or substantially the whole of the business of the
Company or any of the shares in any Group Company;

disposing of or approving the transfer of any share in the capital of any of the
Company's subsidiaries or altering, increasing or reducing the authorised or
issued share capital of any of the Company's subsidiaries;

subscribing for or purchasing or acquiring any share or debenture or
mortgage or security (or any interest in any of them);

. the recommendation, declaration, making or payment of any dividend or

other distribution to (a) the holders of the Shares other than as expressly
permitted under these Articles and (b) the holders of the Midco B Shares
other than as expressly permitted under the Midco Articles;

the Company incurring any borrowing or other indebtedness in the nature of
borrowings other than the Loan Notes or under the Finance Documents;

. the lending of money (except to employees of the Company in amounts not

exceeding £7,500 per employee (up to a maximum aggregate of £50,000 for all
employees));

. the adoption, in relation to each financial period, of the Budget and any

material revision to the Budget;

any change any member of the Group’s accounting policies or principles;

. the appointment or removal of the auditors to any member of the Group;

the adoption or variation, once agreed, of any business plan;

the incurring of any capital expenditure commitments in excess of £25,000
which are not provided for in the Budget in respect of that financial period;

any acquisition (other than by credit sale, lease, licence or hire purchase) by
any member of the Group of any asset or group of assets save as provided for
in the Budget for the relevant financial period;

the entering into by any member of the Group of any credit sale, lease, licence
or hire purchase agreement save as provided for in the Budget for the
relevant financial period involving or contemplating in respect of each
individual agreement (i) annual payments of £20,000 more; or (ii) total
payments of £100,000 or more;

014-3812-0836/2/EUROPE



===== page 60 =====
33.

35,
36.

37,

38,

39.

40.

41.

42.

43,

56

any disposal (whether by way of sale, credit sale, lease, licence, hire purchase
or otherwise) by any member of the Group of any asset or group of assets
save as provided for in the Budget for the relevant financial period;

. the acquisition or formation of any subsidiary undertaking or the acquisition

of shares or other securities in any body corporate;
the acquisition of the whole or any part of any business or undertaking;

the entry into of any contract or agreement for the acquisition or disposal of
freehold or leasehold real property;

the entering into or termination of any employment contract, contract of
service, consultancy or service agreement in respect of the services of any
person where:

i, such person is, or is to be, a director of any member of the
Group {or a person connected with a director); or

ii. the annual benefits (including bonus (which shall include
expected annual profit share payment), pension contributions
commissions, associated costs, benefits, taxes, duties and
perquisites) payable under such contract is or is to be in excess
of £150,000 (Index Linked);

the alteration of or the giving of any consent, approval or waiver under the
terms of any of the contracts or agreements falling within paragraph 37, or
any increase or variation in the basis of calculating the remuneration paid by
the relevant member of the Group unless such increase or variation in
remuneration has been approved by the Remuneration Committee;

varying the notice period or the restrictive covenant in any existing service
agreement with a Director;

the appointment or removal of any director or chairman of any member of
the Group;

the termination of the position of any of the Managers or the Chairman either
as an employee or officer of any member of the Group;

the entering into, variation or termination of any contract or arrangement
with any shareholder of any member of the Group or Director or any person
who is a Connected Person of a shareholder or any member of the Group or
Director or entering into any contract or arrangement in which any such
person is interested, whether directly or indirectly;

the delegation by the directors of any member of the Group of any of their
powers to any committee;

. the establishment by any member of the Group, or variation to the terms of,

any pension or life insurance scheme;

014-3812-0636/2/EUROPE



===== page 61 =====
45.

46,

47.

49.

51.

52.

53.

54.

56.

57.

58.

57

the establishment by any member of the Group, or variation to the terms of
any share option, shadow share option, profit sharing, bonus or incentive
scheme;

create any scheme to allot or issue shares in any member of the Group to
employees or allot or issue to employees any shares in any member of the
Group held by any such scheme;

the entry into, termination or variation of any contract or arrangement
between (1) any member of the Group and (2) a Manager;

the giving of notice of any resolution to wind-up any member of the Group,
or the filing of any petition for the appointment of an administrator or
liquidator, or the making of an invitation to any person to appoint a receiver
or an administrative receiver;

the creation, extension or variation of any guarantee or indemnity or security
by any member of the Group;

. the variation of any terms of the banking facilities available to the Group, any

amendment or variation of any terms under the Acquisition Documents,
Loan Notes, or the Finance Documents or waiver or release by any member of
the Group of any of its rights under any such documents;

the creation, extension or variation of any mortgage, charge or security
interest over any asset of any member of the Group;

the making of any material change in the nature of the business of any
member of the Group;

the carrying on, expansion or development of any of the businesses from time
to time carried on by any member of the Group otherwise than through a
Group Company;

the undertaking or entering into of any transaction of any nature whatsoever
other than on arm's length and upon normal commercial terms;

. entering into any contract or arrangement which is outside the ordinary

course of business of the Group or which contains any provisions which
would result in a change to the terms and conditions of the contract or a
termination or ability to terminate the contract on a change of control of the
contracting company or any of its direct or indirect parent companies;

the commencement or settlement of any litigation or arbitration by the
Company (other than debt collection in the ordinary course of business);

the entering into by any member of the Group of any partnership or joint
venture;

entering into any agreement or arrangement with respect to any member of

the Group's trade marks, patents or other intellectual property other than in
the ordinary course of trading;

014-3612-0898/2/EUROPE



===== page 62 =====
62,

67.

59,

61.

58

using the name of the Investors in any context whatsoever or holding itself
out as being connected or associated with the Investors in any manner
whatsoever save (i) as required by law or by the regulations of a body in
accordance with whose instructions the Group is accustomed to act or (ii) in
the ordinary and usual course of business and on terms which are not in any
way disparaging or negative;

. making any charitable donations in excess of £20,000 per annum in aggregate,

or any political donation;

amending or terminating any of the Transaction Documents or any Conflict
Contract;

giving any consent and/or approval which is required from a member of the
Group under any Transaction Document or Conflict Contract;

. the entering into of any transaction or series of transactions requiring

approval under sections 190-194 (inclusive) of the Companies Act 2006 or the
approval of any conflict of interest situation in respect of which section 175 of
the Companies Act 2006 applies;

. any member of the Group passing any shareholder resolution is its capacity

as a shareholder of another member of the Group;

. the calling of an Event of Default (as defined therein) pursuant to and in

accordance with either B Loan Note Instrument where the A Loan
Noteholders have not called an Event of Default pursuant to and in
accordance with the A Loan Note Instrument;

. any repayment of the BL Midco Loan Notes which results in cash having to

be paid by the Group in connection with such repayment (on the basis that
the repayment of the BL Midco Loan Notes should be set-off by the
corresponding loan owed by BL to the Group);

any amendment of the content of the ESS Implementation Pack; and

. entering into any agreement or commitments to do any of the above.

014-9812-0830/2/EUROPE

