

===== page 1 =====


===== page 2 =====
1

Annual Report 2019

Financial Highlights”

Revenues Adjusted EBITDA* Operating profit
£76.0m £16.5m £12.6m
(FY 18: £66.0m) +15.1% (FY 18: £14.0m) +18.0% (FY 18: £8.6m) +46.9%
Adjusted Adjusted earnings Total dividend

cash conversion* per share® per share®
101%  12.05p 6.00p
(FY 18: 83%) (FY 18: 9.80p) (FY 18: 5.17p)

Operational Highlights and Recent Developments’

10

Clients} Offices [Consultants™
Gea (FY 18: 9) eee (-X.15:505)

Includes 6 0%rof world's First office ina AContinued investment)
rop 20 asset managers German-speaking market Wyn the highest calibre

[oy AUN opened, Zurich

Quaiinass Practices Acquisitions
[(E¥,18:10)] (FY 18:1)

Twornew practices launched Ongoing review of
Fintech& Innovationand gen

Comparable period references (“FY 18”) are to the 12-month period ended 31 March 2018. All rounding and percentage change calculations are from
the basis of the financial statements, in £0008

Adjusted EBITDA is operating profit before foreign exchange, interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation and other adjusting non-operational costs including
acquisition costs, AIM admission costs. restructuring costs, earn-out costs and share-based payment charges. FY 18 adjusted EBITDA has been
recalculated to exclude foreign exchange gains or losses. A reconciliation of operating profit to adjusted EBITDA is included in note 5 to the consolidated
financial statements

Adjusted cash conversion is net cash from operating activities divided by adjusted operating profit. Adjusted operating profit is adjusted EBITDA
less depreciation

® Adjusted earnings per share ("EPS") is adjusted profit after tax over the weighted average number of shares in issue in the period. FY 18 adjusted
EPS has been recalculated to exclude foreign exchange

Total dividend is based upon a recommended final dividend per share of 4.09p

All operating highlights figures are absolute except for Acquisitions, which reflects the number of acquisitions undertaken in the reported period
Investment & Pensions Europe 2018, “The Top 400 Asset Managers”

“Consultants” and “headcount” refer to fee-generating consultants at the year-end: employed consultants plus utilised contractors


===== page 3 =====
2

Annual Report 2019

Chairman's Report

2019 has been a year of further growth

for the Group. A robust business model,

a leading consulting proposition anda
strong corporate framework have enabled
continuing success within a context of

some political uncertainty.

Ken Fry
Chairman
5 June 2019

“The Board is confident
that Alpha is well placed
to adapt to its clients’
evolving needs and to
deliver ongoing growth.”

|. am pleased to be introducing the Annual Report & Accounts of
the Group for the 12 months to 31 March 2019. In its second
year as a public company, Alpha has delivered growth in revenue,
adjusted EBITDA and operating profit. This has been another
successful year for Alpha and, at a time of political and,
consequently, market uncertainty, it strengthens the view that
Alpha has the right strategy and business model to support its
clients’ evolving needs and deliver value for its shareholders.

Overview of the Financial Year

Following on from the success of the Group's first year trading
on AIM, Alpha has continued to perform well across its business
areas and has delivered full-year results ahead of market
expectations. With a positive flow of organic new business from
clients choosing to use Alpha’s specialist consulting services,
and continued demand for support from existing clients, revenues
have risen by 15.1% on the previous financial year to £76.0m.
This has translated into growth in adjusted earnings per share
of 23.0% to 12.05p. | am also delighted to report the Group's
highest ever adjusted EBITDA of £16.5m (FY 18: £14.0m).


===== page 4 =====
3
nual Report 2019

'

In line with the Group's aim to provide the very best consulting
proposition and to service a growing base of client relationships,
further expansion has been delivered through the launch of a
new European office, in Zurich, and the creation of two new
consulting practices: FinTech & Innovation and ETF & Indexing.
Alpha’s focus remains on delivering great outcomes for its
clients, and it assesses new office and new practice opportunities
led by a combination of market demand and direct client
requests. The Group also continues to invest in its existing
offices and consulting practices, thus strengthening and
deepening that proposition globally.

Dividend

The Alpha Board'® is proud of the positive shareholder returns
that the Group has delivered in the first year since its AIM
admission and is pleased to propose a final dividend of 4.09p
per share, which, if approved at the Annual General Meeting
on 4 September 2019, will be payable on 11 September 2019.
Together with the previously paid FY 19" interim dividend of
1.91p per share, this gives a total dividend of 6,00p per share
for the year, in line with the Group's policy of paying approximately
50% of post-tax profits to shareholders and representing a
16.1% increase on the prior year end.

Governance and the Board

lam very happy to be supported in my role as Chairman by

a Board of Directors with a wealth of relevant knowledge and
range of non-executive experience. The Alpha Board meets
regularly to oversee the Group’s corporate and operational
activities, and to manage the progression of its strategic
objectives. We are unanimous in our intention to maintain

the core values of strong governance, integrity and business
ethics, and were proud to be able to confirm our application of
the Quoted Companies Alliance Corporate Governance Code
since September 2018. We will continue to review how we
best apply and embed these principles in our governance
structures and processes.

4S

During the period, the Board ha8 evolved further its corporate

governance framework. | am pleased to report that we have
strengthened the composition and expertise of the sub-
committees, with Penny Judd joining the Remuneration
Committee, which is chaired by Nick Kent, and myself joining
the Audit Committee, which Penny Judd will continue to chair.
John Paton formally stepped down from the Audit Committee
in order that the sub-committee comprises solely Non-Executive ,
Directors. John's experience and valuable contributions have ,
hugely supported the Audit Committee in its development since f
the AIM admission, and he will attend meetings as required ,

by invitation.

a
As part of the Board's commitment to maintaining a strong
corporate governance framework and ensuring that it continues
to reflect the needs of the Group's shareholders, employees,
clients and wider stakeholders, an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the Board, its sub-committees and individual Directors! was
performed in the period. Following that process, we believe
that we continue to operate an optimal structure to secure
future growth while, at the same time, protecting the Group's
unique culture. In the period, we have also completed a review
of the Group's risk framework. It concluded in the definition and
delivery of some enhancements to our risk reporting procedures,
which will allow the Group to have an even clearer focus
around risk monitoring.

Strategy

The Alpha Board, supported by the Group's executive team,
remains committed to succeeding with its stated aims to
differentiate, through a very focussed high-quality service
offering; and to diversify, through organic growth and the
acquisition of complementary businesses. At the same time,
Alpha will continue to invest in and incentivise its high-performing
employees, through a market-leading compensation package
and strong inclusive culture. The Board believes that the Group
has the correct strategy to deliver profitable growth and ongoing
value for its shareholders.

® “Alpha Board’ is the Alpha Board of Directors, also referred to as the “Board of Directors”, the “Board” and the “Directors”

"FY 19is the financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2019. By comparison, FY 18 is the previous financial year covering the 12 months to
31 March 2018; and FY 20 is the subsequent financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2020

® “Directors” refers to the executive and non-executive members of the Board; meanwhile, “directors” refers to non-Board directors within the

management teams of the Group


===== page 5 =====
4

Annuat Report 2019

Chairman's Report continued

The business continues to have a very clear focus on providing
the highest quality service to its clients, which remains at the
forefront of strategic and operational planning, In line with the
stated business strategy, the Group has continued to expand
the scale, breadth and depth of its service offering.

The Group adheres to the view that inorganic growth can be
additive, bringing new products and recurring revenue to the
business; and, therefore, continues to consider and review
potential acquisition opportunities. After a period of integration
following the Group’s first acquisition in 2017 of TrackTwo",

it is well prepared for the next steps in its acquisition strategy
that will deliver both high-quality output and complement the
existing service proposition. | am confident that Alpha’s quoted
company status and performance record make it strongly
appealing to any new businesses that may be approached as
part of this strategy.

Outlook

The Board perceives that the'structural drivers in the asset and
wealth management industry, in which the Group operates,
remain consistent with the previous period: pressure on fees,
increase in assets under management and regulatory change.
In spite of current geopolitical uncertainty, the Board is confident
that Alpha, with its focussed market proposition, is well

placed to adapt to its clients’ evolving needs and to deliver
ongoing growth.

| would like to pass on my personal thanks to the Global Chief
Executive Officer, Euan Fraser, the Directors of the Board, the
management team and all of Alpha’s employees for their hard
work, support and fantastic contributions this year in delivering
another strong set of results and continuing to make significant
strategic progress.

* TrackTwo GmbH


===== page 6 =====
5

Annual Report 2019

Global Chief Executive
Officer’s Report

We have been able to deliver another year
of profitable growth, which is a testament
to our people, our increasingly global
footprint and ongoing investment in our

service offering.

Euan Fraser
Global Chief Executive Officer
5 June 2019

“We have a very high-
performing team and
the consulting practices
in place from which

to develop our service
proposition and deliver
our projects.”

It gives me great pleasure to be presenting our second set of
full-year results as a public company, with FY 19 having been
another successful year for Alpha. Following on from our AIM
admission in October 2017, we have enjoyed a year of strong
revenue, operating profit, adjusted EBITDA and profit after tax
growth. This growth has been consistently delivered through
the breadth of our service offering and the performance of our
highly skilled team of consultants.

Summary of Financial Performance

The Group has demonstrated very good revenue growth, with
a continued focus on operating margins, resulting in revenue
increasing by 15.1% to £76.0m (FY 18: £66.0m), adjusted
EBITDA by 18.0% to £16.5m (FY 18: £14.0m) and operating
profit by 46.9% to £12.6m (FY 18: £8.6m). Our transition from
a private limited company to a public company strengthened
our statement of financial position and we have also had another
year of excellent cash generation from operations. The Board
is pleased to propose a final dividend of 4.09p per share,
bringing the total dividend to 6.00p per share for the year.


===== page 7 =====
6

Annual Report 2019

Global Chief Executive Officer's Report continued

Alpha has again delivered strong organic growth across its core
business, driven by working on some of the largest and most
challenging projects in the asset and wealth management
industry. We continue to see high levels of client retention,
which produces repeat client sales year on year. The Group
also added 38 new clients during the year, with a number of
those coming from our relatively recent geographic expansion
into Switzerland and Singapore.

Operational Review

The structural industry trends of increasing cost pressures
and regulatory demand, alongside increasing assets under
management, remain very strong within our marketplace.
Against this backdrop, the Group continued to benefit from an
increase in demand for Alpha’s subject matter expertise and
consulting support across a growing client base. Consequently,
FY 19 saw positive results from across all the Group's core
geographies: the UK, the US, and Europe & Asia.

In the period, the Group expanded its service offering with the
addition of two new practices: FinTech & Innovation and ETF
& Indexing. In line with our organic approach to expanding the
Alpha service offering, both of these practices were created

in response to demand from our clients for assistance in
understanding and taking advantage of the technologies,
products and strategic opportunities that these areas present.
Continuing the trend that we highlighted last year, Alpha’s
well-established practices, such as Front Office, Distribution,
M&A Integration and Operations & Outsourcing, again delivered
good revenue growth. Several of the client engagements that
we are supporting in these areas are substantial programmes
of work either in scale or topic, and involve our consultants
from multiple offices working together to provide seamless,
best-of-breed delivery solutions.

More recently created practices, such as Digital and Regulatory
Compliance, performed very well and contributed to this year's
strong performance. We expect further demand and growth in
those areas, with our client sponsors seeking to understand
their end-client personas and transform digital experiences,
while the industry continues to prepare for ongoing regulatory
changes such as the Senior Managers & Certification Regime

“and Asset Management Market Study requirements in the UK,
LIBOR transition and Brexit.

We delivered progress and saw operational developments across
the Group during the year. In addition to the expansion of the
service offering and growth in the number of clients that we
support, we have strengthened our geographical footprint both
through an increase in consultants as well as in the creation of
a new European office in Zurich. Reflecting on the year ahead,
we have robust, revenue-generating businesses in the UK,
Europe & Asia, and the US, which we see as a growth market.
We have a very high-performing team that can support our
clients’ requirements; and the consulting practices in place from
which to develop our service proposition and deliver our projects.

398

Total Headcount

We continue to invest in the highest
calibre people and our total headcount
figure includes a business operations
team spanning HR. finance and
platforms to support future growth,


===== page 8 =====
—\

7

Annual Report 2019

- +
/
,
/
,
f
Geographical Overview
We are pleased to have enjoyed strong client-led demand
across all of the markets in which we operate:
12months to 12 months to
31March 2019 31 March 2018 Change
Revenue
UK £449m = £40.0m 12.3%
us £9.2m £9.0m 15%
Europe & Asia £21.9m £17.0m 28.9%
£76.0m £66.0m 15.1%
Gross Profit
UK £20.1m £17.0m 18.2%
us £1.7m £2.7m  (38.2)%
Europe & Asia £7.3m £5.6m 31.4%
£29.1m £25.3m 15.1%
31 March 31March
2019 2018 Change
Consultant Headcount
UK 174 165 5%
us 55 44 25%
Europe & Asia 133 96 39%
Year-end totals 362 305 19%

Each of our regional businesses has achieved revenue growth
year on year. We remain very pleased with both the domestic
client base in each location and our ability, as a global business,
to provide an exceptional consulting experience to support
clients with their most challenging projects, irrespective of
where they are located. In line with our intention, we invested
in our consulting teams post last year end in order to ensure
that we brought Group utilisation back in line with our budget
targets. The US business experienced lower gross profit and
margin during the year, as the business consolidated progress,
strengthened the team and added new domestic clients.

\ H2 19 refers to the second half of the financial year ending 31 March 2019

The UK XC the Alpha Group,
and we are pleased with the growth achiéved this year. Political
uncertainty has impacted decision making within some of our
clients and slowed our growth during H2 19". We paused
recruitment at more junior levels in response to that delay in
decision making, but are pleased that a strengthening pipeline

has allowed us to again increase recruitment at all levels. We
continue to monitor the political context closely.

‘The Group has again delivered substantial growth across Europe,
with this strong performance including increasing revenue and
profitability in France, Luxembourg, the Netherlands and
Switzerland. We were very pleased to announce the opening .~
of an office in Zurich, which is our first in a German-speaking
market. We appointed a new country head in the Netherlands,
Bastiaan Aalders, and we have been extremely pleased with
the improved performance during the last six months under

his leadership. In France, we were delighted to be recognised
as a #1 consulting firm by Décideurs Magazines 2018" in both
the categories of “asset management” and “wealth management”,
which is a testament to the fantastic talent and delivery
standards of our consultants based there. We see a number of
growth opportunities in Europe, both in terms of geographic
expansion and in the development of our existing practices.

We continue to believe that the US market represents a
significant opportunity for growth. Our view remains that we see
no other consulting firm offering the same blend of expertise,
market-leading consulting and project management skills in that
marketplace. We only recruit candidates of the highest calibre
and appropriate skillsets to represent our team globally and, in
light of this, are pleased to report that we have increased our
US director team in early FY 20 through internal promotion and
a recent external hire.

The Group's strong underlying adjusted EBITDA performance
reflects an expanding international footprint and growing global
reputation as the consulting partner of choice to assist asset
and wealth management clients with their most complex and
demanding projects. During the year, we have continued to
invest in central operational capability to support this ongoing
global growth and demand; and to position ourselves well for
the years ahead.

* Joint first position with McKinsey and BCG in “asset management”: joint first position with Bain, McKinsey and BCG in “wealth management”

“


===== page 9 =====
8

Annual Report 2019

Global Chief Executive Officer's Report continued

Our People

At Alpha, we are extremely proud of everyone in our global team
and recognise that people are our greatest asset. We remain
completely committed to hiring the very highest quality
consultants at every level of the Group and increased our
headcount of consultants by 19% to 362 globally (March
2018: 305). It is through the recruiting and retaining of such
fabulous talent that we can continue our constant focus on
quality and ensure that we deliver exceptional results to our
clients every time, which in turn drives client loyalty and repeat
business, and reinforces our market-leading reputation.

Alpha is well recognised in the asset and wealth management
industry for offering a compelling, differentiating compensation
package, which serves to attract the very best consulting talent.
Alpha's proposition, combined with a relentless focus on creating
a unique culture that separates us from our competitors, helps
to incentivise the talent that we hire and preserve market-leading
retention rates. That enables us to limit recruitment costs and
continues to ensure that our clients benefit from the expertise
that an experienced team brings.

We are very proud that we offer all our people the opportunity
to be shareholders in Alpha, which facilitates staff retention and
the alignment of interests, but also appeals to a wide pool of
fresh talent. | am delighted to report that our ability to attract
high-calibre consultants who are interested in benefitting from
the opportunities provided by our public company structure
continues to strengthen. We operate the same employee equity
schemes that were in place last year. During the reporting period
407,258 share options were awarded to new joiners and, as at
31 March 2019, approximately 18% of the Company's issued
share capital was held by employees. The Group will continue to
promote broad employee participation through equity schemes.

We have worked extremely hard to build a unique and
differentiated culture at Alpha, and we invest in maintaining
and enhancing that culture on a global basis. Our ongoing
global secondment programme plays an important role in
sustaining and developing that culture, as we continue to
expand our global footprint. In addition, it plays a key role in
ensuring that we have the same high-quality consulting team
providing our clients with the same delivery experience in all

Alpha locations. That unique culture has again been recognised
in the UK where, for the third consecutive year, we have won a
place in the Sunday Times 100 Best Small Companies to Work
For list (2017, 2018, 2019). Culture and quality have, for many
years, been the foundation of Alpha’s success and will
unquestionably continue to shape and drive our business in
the future.

‘As an employer, we are committed to providing an open and
collaborative working environment; and we want our people
to feel a part of the Group's ongoing success. Aligned to that
objective, we have designed and launched an exciting new
initiative during the year: “Innovation at Alpha”. The Alpha
Innovation platform enables ideas from employees about

how we grow the business to be submitted, assessed and
developed. Ultimately, it allows our employees to support the
realisation of the best ideas into new products, services and
business lines while, at the same time, permitting the Group
to harness the consultants’ front-line daily experiences and
excellent insights to help shape the vision. The initiative is
overseen by an Innovation Board, which has global representation;
it has the full support of the management team and the Board
of Directors.

Growth Strategy

Alpha’s objective is to be recognised as the leading asset
management consultancy in all the geographies in which it
operates, with an ongoing strategic focus to continue building
scale in all markets. During the year, the Group has successfully
built upon and enhanced that level of recognition.

The Group continues to follow a growth strategy that is

both organic and inorganic. Our historic growth has been
mainly organic, and we are confident that we have the right
opportunity and business model to continue expanding our
service offering and geographic footprint. Alpha expects to
deliver sustained growth in all its current geographic markets,
including both established and more recently opened offices.
Going forward, Alpha remains focussed on building its client
base of asset managers, asset owners, wealth managers and
those who support the asset management industry, such as

third-party administrators.


===== page 10 =====
9

Annual Report 2019

We see continued opportunities to invest in our service offering,
and we will act upon these to both deepen and broaden our
business practices. Over the course of the last year, we

have increased our range of services from 10 practices to

a 12-practice offering; and we expect that this will grow.

The Group has built a reputation for an exceptional service
proposition, which is heavily in demand across a wide range
of asset management sponsors and geographies. We see

the structural drivers within the asset management industry
continuing to create significant change and opportunity within
our clients, and we will adapt and expand our service offering
to address that demand.

Acquisitions

As previously reported, acquisitions are an important aspect of
the Group’s growth strategy, alongside organic growth, with a
focus on acquiring businesses that offer complementary services
to clients in Alpha's existing and target markets. The Group's
objective is to extend our consulting proposition and broaden
our reach into additional parts of the asset and wealth
management industry and, potentially, into other financial
services industries beyond asset and wealth management.

The Group will continue to add to its service offering through

selectively investing in new products and services that provide
diversified and established revenues and, where possible, are
underpinned by strong data or technology components.

Current Trading and Outlook

The Group's trading performance in FY 19 was strong. We have
begun FY 20 well, with trading consistent across all the Group's
geographies. The Group continues to see a wide range of
change projects within the Group's client base and, looking at
the year ahead, the Group has a solid business platform on
which to grow and support additional clients and project types.

Our strategic goal is to be the leader in all the markets in which
we operate. We remain focussed on delivering that strategy by
continuing to extend our geographic footprint and to deepen
our high-quality service offering, while investing in our team of
highly-skilled consultants. The Group is well positioned to
leverage its recent accomplishments and to deliver another
year of profitable growth.



===== page 11 =====
Business Review

12. AtaGlance

16 Market Overview _ ;

20 _ Business Model 4
24 = Strategy -

26 Key Performance Indicators /

28 Risk Management /

The power of
our pet ple to.



===== page 12 =====


===== page 13 =====
12

Annual Report 2019

Business Review

At a Glance:
creating a global
growth model

USA

55 Consultants

New York (2009)
Boston (2015)

UK

170+ Consultants

London (2003)
Edinburgh (2016)

Europe

120 Consultants

Luxembourg (2008)
Paris (2010)
Amsterdam (2015)
Geneva (2017)
Zurich (2019)

Asia
10+ Consultants

Singapore (2017)


===== page 14 =====
13

Annual Report 2019

Our story so far...

First we:

Became known to our clients for the high quality
of our team.

Focussed on outsourcing, operational change
and M&A integration, with emerging distribution
and front office capability.

a
Then we:

Capitalised on our reputation for market-leading
consulting advice.

Continued to develop consulting solutions across
the asset and wealth management chain.

We have:

Established our global capability and reputation
for delivering some of the most challenging and
complex projects in the industry.

Now we will:

Continue to build scale both globally and across
a range of domestic markets by growing and
differentiating the service offering.

Pursue our objective to be recognised as the leading
global asset and wealth management consultancy.

HE SUNDAY TIME:

00

BEST SMALL
COMPANIES

TOWORK FOR

Alpha has appeared in
The Sunday Times
Top 100 Best Small
Companies to Work

For for three consecutive

years, 2017-19.



===== page 15 =====
14

Annual Report 2019

Business Review

At a Glance continued

2003 2009 2013

Alpha is founded in London US presence is established, Investment in Alpha
as a provider of specialist with opening of New York office. by Baird Capital.

consultancy services to
the asset and wealth
management industry.

2014

New specialist practice
Alpha Technology Services
is launched.

2011

Creation of the Distribution
and Front Office practices.

2008

Europe presence is
established, with opening
of Luxembourg office.

Alpha has been
selected #1 consulting
firm in France by Décideurs
Magazine 2018 in both
the categories of “asset
management” and
“wealth management”

SPVECIDEURS

osition wth Bain, MeKinsey and BCG in “wealth management”

“doin First position with MeKineey and BCG in “asset management” join
Timeline depicts calendar years


===== page 16 =====
\
1.

Annual Report 2019

2015

2017 2019

Allpha’s Diversity & Inclusion Asia presence is established, with Creation of the ETF &

programme is launched. opening of Singapore office. Indexing practice.
Creation of Digital practice. Acquisition Alpha continues to grow,
of TrackTwo; new specialist practice reporting most successful
Alpha Data Solutions is launched. financial year to date, with

Successful AIM admission with a Group revenues of £76.0m.

market capitalisation of £160m.
Alpha has 240 consultants across
nine offices.

2016

Investment in Alpha by Dunedin,
with Baird Capital exiting in full.
Alpha has c. 200 consultants.
across six offices.

2018

Creation of the FinTech
& Innovation practice.

Creation of the Investment
Guidelines and Regulatory
Compliance practices.



===== page 17 =====
16

Annual Report 2019

Business Review

Market Overview

Alpha helps clients within the asset
and wealth management industry to
transform their business models and
respond effectively to ever-changing
demands and technical innovations.

Market Context

Alpha is a leading global consultancy to the asset and wealth
management industry. The industry is made up of a large number
of organisations offering diverse investment and support
services to individuals, institutions and other corporate clients.
Alpha assists a broad range of those industry players, including
asset managers, asset owners, wealth managers, asset servicers,
platforms and intermediaries. Within that group, Alpha works
with companies of all sizes and maturity, from local start-ups to
the largest global financial services firms; and plays an integral
role in helping clients to transform their business models and
respond to ever-changing demands and technical innovations.

Structural Drivers

The global asset and wealth management industry is undergoing
significant and fundamental change. The industry continues

to experience the strong structural drivers of increasing cost
pressure and regulatory change, alongside a marketplace that
is growing through the increase in assets under management
(“AUM"). These drivers create demand for a broad range of
consulting solutions, as clients within the industry consider
how best to manage and adapt to an evolving and increasingly
complex landscape.

5 BCG, “The Hidden Pressures on Asset Managers” (May 2018)
™ Moody's, “Asset Management 2019 Outlook" January 2019)

As market commentators note, compression on asset manager
fees has been a key feature of the market for a number of
years'*, and is likely to remain prevalent while financial
conditions alter, technology drives change and end-investors
demand fee reductions. Meanwhile, asset and wealth managers
are operating within an increasingly complicated regulatory
and legislative landscape. MiFID II and the GDPR dominated
2018, and the industry prepares for ongoing regulatory change
including the Senior Managers & Certification Regime and Asset
Management Market Study requirements in the UK, LIBOR
transition, FINRA’s published priorities for risk monitoring and
examination in the US and Brexit. The Group's consulting
model, which combines global subject matter expertise in
regulatory compliance, market-leading consulting experience
and project management skills, is highly successful in helping
clients navigate through this level of change.

Asset and wealth managers are focussed in particular on these
cost pressures and are investing heavily to maintain operating
margins. This can translate into a range of projects, such as
improving technology, data quality, operating processes and
product rationalisation. In its asset management outlook for
2019, Moody's Investor Service"” gave the industry a “stable”
rating, with the view that asset managers can use technology
and new cost structures to adapt to these market conditions;
and seek an increase in scale and diversification through

M&A activity.


===== page 18 =====
17

Annual Report 2019

Within this market context, Alpha assists its clients by assessing
their needs and selectively identifying the most effective
operating models, technical solutions and partners, across the
entire value chain. In the period, the Group announced the launch over multiple years.
of a dedicated FinTech & Innovation practice, which seeks to
help asset managers benefit from innovative technologies in the
marketplace that can enhance their business processes, reduce
their operating costs and improve the end-client experiences.
Alpha believes that while many firms already have a developed
digital agenda, very few have mastered how to benefit from
the explosion of emerging fintech firms and technology; and
that this represents a significant future growth opportunity.

Against the backdrop of regulatory initiatives and fee pressures,
passive investing continues to grow. In the first half of 2018,
16 of the top 20 funds by net inflows were passive mutual funds including asset managers, wealth
and exchange-traded funds (ETFs), garnering $143 billion’®. ;

In response to this trend towards low-cost funds and index managers and platform Provi ders.
strategies, and the growing demand for consulting support
from its clients, Alpha launched a dedicated ETF & Indexing
practice. The practice strengthens the Group's market offering
in this area and aims to support businesses for success in the
next chapter of the industry, in addition to creating a new
consulting area to drive revenue growth.

operating globally.

Deloitte Center for Financial Services, “2019 Investment Management Outlook: A mix of opportunity and challenge” (January 2019)


===== page 19 =====
18

Annual Report 2019

Business Review

Market Overview continued

Consolidation within the asset and wealth management industry
is influenced by the anticipated benefits of an increase in global
reach, product capability and distribution options. 2018 was
reported as a record high for asset management M&A", with the
volume of assets moving hands through M&A activity reaching
$4.7 trillion and representing a 29% increase on the previous
year (2017), The Group believes that consolidations through
acquisition or merger will remain a key feature of the marketplace,
and is confident that there will be ongoing opportunities as it
continues to benefit from a very strong market reputation in
specialist M&A integration, operational and outsourcing
consultancy services to the industry.

Geographic Demand

The structural drivers of change in the industry are globally
applicable and, as a result, Alpha sees very similar client demand
for its services across each of the markets in which it operates.
An added complexity for global organisations is that each
jurisdiction can have different approaches and obligations, which
Alpha, with its increasingly global footprint and consulting
expertise, is extremely well placed to assess and support.

Alpha currently services clients from its offices in 10 major
financial centres: London, Edinburgh, Luxembourg, Paris,
Geneva, Zurich, Amsterdam, New York, Boston and Singapore.
The Group believes that, in line with market activity and client
demand, there are significant opportunities for further expansion
globally, targeting Hong Kong and Frankfurt over the next 12
to 18 months. However, launching offices is always conditional
upon the Group identifying the right people, with the appropriate
blend of asset and wealth management expertise and corporate
values, to represent and develop Alpha’s capability and talent
in new jurisdictions.

Competitive Environment

As a provider of consultancy services, Alpha operates in a
competitive global market. Its competitors are the advisory
practices of the major accounting firms, global consulting
companies and single-geography consulting businesses.

With their remediation programmes in the banking and insurance
industries coming to an end, the major accounting firms and
large global consulting companies, including the “Big 6",

are tending to focus more on asset management. This has
resulted in some short-term discounting on rates in the
market and, consequently, an increased aspect of competition.
However, the Group has been able to compete successfully
against these firms and increase market share year on year

by providing specialist expertise and insight to the asset and
wealth management industry, and by consistently delivering
an exceptionally high quality of service that attracts repeat
business and engenders long-term client relationships. All of
this is made possible through the Group's ability to attract
experienced, high-calibre consultants, and to retain a
progressive working culture that is based on hard work,
meritocracy, high standards, integrity and delivery excellence.

Addressable Market

As a leading global consultant to the asset and wealth
management industry, the scale of the Group’s addressable
market is broad and diverse, ranging from firms managing a few
hundred million dollars of assets to global managers managing
several trillion dollars of assets. Assets under management are
increasing at a global level as a result of changing demographics
and the recognised need to plan for aging populations in many
countries. According to a recent report by PwC*', AUM stood
at approximately $98.1 trillion at the end of 2017, and is
estimated to increase to $145.1 trillion in 2025.

" Sandler O'Neill & Partners, “2018 Asset Manager Transaction Review & 2019 Forecast” (January 2019)

* “Big 6” comprises KPMG, PwC. Deloitte, EY, Accenture and IBM

2) PwC, “Asset & Wealth Management Revolution: Pressure on Profitability” (October 2018)


===== page 20 =====
19

Annual Report 2019

In practice, each asset or wealth manager has a range of
responses to the structural drivers in the market, and a
corresponding set of executable initiatives, projects and
objectives that extend across the value chain. Together, this
represents strong aggregate demand for the Group's skills,
products and propositions. Alpha is proactive in understanding
and responding to the opportunities that these developments
create, with each of its offices monitoring the local market
environment and conditions carefully.

The global asset and wealth management industry is subject to
the impacts of fluctuating markets and economic conditions.
However, the diversified nature of Alpha’s market offering,
comprising a broad global footprint, highly expert service
proposition and deep understanding of the structural drivers
of change, ensures a level of protection against these factors.
The Group can also leverage its extensive experience and
capability in supporting its clients through complex change
initiatives that they may need to undertake in response to the
evolving market.

The Group recognises that there is a wider addressable market
within the financial services sector that it does not service
currently, and where there is potential opportunity for Alpha

to develop a market-leading proposition. Alpha will continue to
invest in its people, practices and capabilities to ensure that

it is able to respond to ongoing and evolving market demand
while, at the same time, providing the best level of service and
expertise to its clients.

Offices in 10 major financiai centres
London, Edinburgh, Boston,
New York, Amsterdam, Luxembourg,
Paris, Geneva, Zurich and Singapore.

Of the 20 largest
giobat asset managers
by AUM, and 68% of the top 50.



===== page 21 =====
20

Annual Report 2019

Business Review

Business Model

Alpha provides consulting solutions that deliver
value, using local expertise and global insights. The
business model delivers success for clients and
secures sustainable growth for shareholders.

Clients

Alpha’s successful business model is built upon keeping clients’
needs at the core of its proposition, which includes the Group's
geographic network, the services it offers and the types of
project that it delivers. As the Group services not just asset and
wealth manager firms, but the intermediaries, platforms and
administrators who form an integral part of the industry, it is
essential that the business model is flexible and remains highly
relevant. Central to Alpha’s culture is continuous investment in
its people, its offices and its knowledge to help all clients
address their challenges and best capitalise on the opportunities.

An important aspect of the Group's revenue growth is the

_ building of long-term relationships, and the cross-selling and

upselling new added-value services to an existing client base.
The majority of Alpha's annual revenues is from repeat clients,
with whom the Group is working on an increasingly global basis.
However, the business model also targets revenue growth
through the winning of new clients; and, in the period, the
Group began working with 38 new clients.

The Group's ability to target and win new business relies upon
a responsive business model that identifies and adapts to the
structural drivers of change in the market, which it achieves
through the development of relevant services and solutions.
Alpha’s ambition is to be clearly recognised as the leading
global consultancy to the asset and wealth management
industry and, accordingly, has expanded the business model
to deliver a multi-layered proposition that reaches every part
of the value chain. The performance of the business model is
then measured through the Group's key performance indicators
on p. 26.

Services and Expertise

Alpha organises its knowledge, subject matter expertise,

- methodologies, intellectual property and data around 12

business practices. All Alpha’s practices are led by senior
directors to provide effective management and oversight of
the high-quality delivery outcomes. The practices enable the
Group to be specialist and respond to the evolving requirements
of its client stakeholders, while maintaining a core set of
exceptional service standards. This practice model is supported
‘by seamless collaboration and knowledge share across the
Group's consulting teams globally, which ensures that Alpha’s
clients receive the highest level of service, delivery approach
and output irrespective of where they are on the globe or what
role in the industry they perform.

The business model is built around Alpha’s clients; identifying
and launching new practices where there is client-led demand,
and achieving continued growth in its existing practice areas.
In the period, the Group launched two important new practices,
FinTech & Innovation and ETF & Indexing. Both practices were
launched in response to a demand for Alpha to assist its clients
with practical advice on how to make the most of opportunities
arising in the rapidly changing asset and wealth management
industry. The Group will continue to grow and extend the
business model in line with client and market activity.


===== page 22 =====
21

Annual Report 2019

Operations)

Gara %
3 3" Outsourcing)

Innovation

Service Providers
StaBeueyy yyeoN

Front]
tice)

Investment

(Giidélines

© Practices
ung Client segments.
rs

. Organic Growth
Alpha’s strategy focusses
on organic growth through

. expansion into new

geographies, broadening
“its service offering and

“+ building the client bas

Inorganic Growth“.
Acquisitions can support +,

Alpha's Strategy . organic growth in adding
in Action + new services and expertise

that the Group can take
‘. to clients.



===== page 23 =====
22

Annual Report 2019

Business Review

Business Model continued

Of the existing practices, Regulatory Compliance, Investment
Guidelines, Alpha Data Solutions and Digital are still relatively
new, and there represents an opportunity to further develop
and establish those propositions in the Group’s core markets.
In addition, there is ongoing expansion work to ensure wide
geographic access to the Group's range of practices. The
geographic expansion of Alpha’s business practices is a key
component of the growth strategy. As the demand drivers
apply in each location, the Group can aim to roll out and grow
this proven practice model in all regions. For example, during
FY 19, the Group's technology services capability has been
expanded into its European and US offices to manage the
increased regional demand.

Talented People

Alpha is a business built upon the integrity, expertise and huge
commitment of its people. In order to provide the best outcomes
tots clients and deliver growth, Alpha employs and invests in the
highest calibre consultants in the industry. This high-performing
global team brings market-leading experience, unparalleled

insights and personal credentials to the corporate proposition,

As a Group, Alpha continuously strives to improve and provide
better, smarter solutions. Alpha’s team of consultants know the
asset and wealth management industry, in which the Group
operates, extremely well. During the period, the Group was
excited to launch a new internal initiative that formalises the
relationship between the market awareness and unique insights
of its consultants, with the evolution of the business model.
The Alpha Innovation platform enables innovative ideas from
employees to be formally assessed; and, ultimately, allows
them to support the realisation of the best ideas into new
products, services and business lines.

Generating Value

Alpha prides itself on an ability to solve problems for its clients
and provide a market-leading proposition. The Group also
seeks to leverage its position as a leading consultancy to help
shape the future of the industry through expert knowledge,
advice and insights.

The Board recognises the need to maintain effective working
relationships across a wide range of stakeholders. The business
model identifies the different client segments with which the
Group operates, which includes asset managers, asset owners,
wealth managers and those who support the industry, such as
third-party administrators. The Group continuously monitors
client satisfaction and fulfilment of Alpha’s delivery obligations,
which is ensured through designated engagement owner
responsibilities on each project and a centralised service
delivery function that oversees quality of service and delivery
risk identification.

Other stakeholder groups include vendors, industry bodies,
regulatory authorities and competitors with whom Alpha works
or associates in the marketplace. Engaging with these
stakeholders strengthens the Group’s business relationships
and facilitates its decision making at an executive level. The
Board is regularly updated on wider stakeholder engagement;
the Executive Directors manage those business relationships
on a day-to-day basis and in turn communicate feedback and
insights to the Board as a whole.

Alpha remains confident that, in serving the asset and wealth
management industry and its client stakeholders with an
exceptional proposition and level of service, it is ensuring the
ongoing success of the business. This, in turn, supports the ability
of the Group to provide long-term returns for its shareholders.
The Group will continue to develop its offering by broadening
the range of services that it offers, the types of clients that it
can support, and the geographies from which it operates.



===== page 24 =====
23

Annual Report 2019

Key Strengths



===== page 25 =====
24

Annual Report 2019

Business Review

Strategy

The Group's strategic objective is to be recognised
as the leading global asset and wealth management
consultancy, and as the leading consultancy in all
the domestic markets in which it operates.

Benefiting from a market-leading reputation and strong tailwinds
within the industry, Alpha has continued to build scale both
globally and across a number of domestic markets in which it
operates. The market exhibits ongoing growth and the structural
drivers of change represent clear opportunities for the Group to
differentiate further its service offering and to grow the business.
The Directors are confident that the Group is well positioned
to achieve its strategic objective of being recognised as the
leading consultancy to the asset and wealth management
industry globally.

The majority of Alpha’s historic growth has been organic, and
the strategy remains focussed on achieving further client-led
organic expansion, through a combination of extending the
geographies in which the Group operates and expanding the
range of services. The strategy also comprises the pursuit of
acquired growth, whereby the Group will selectively consider
acquisitions that can both enhance value and broaden its
expertise and service offering.

The Directors support the view that the strategy includes moving
into additional parts of the asset and wealth management value
chain. To date, the Group has achieved a globally recognised
service offering, and the same highly successful business model
can be replicated in new areas of the industry. The Group currently
views further potential addressable opportunities in strategy
consulting and life & pensions investments. Establishing a
proposition in these areas will, however, require the recruitment,
of high-performing people to develop and grow them; and
potential candidates continue to be reviewed.

The Group intends to deliver the strategy in the following ways:

1. Expand the existing business practices

Alpha serves clients in multiple countries through its successfully
deployed practice model. The Directors have identified that
there is substantial scope to grow the Group's share within
these markets by extending the services that are delivered to
existing clients, or by serving new clients, through the addition
of business practices. The Group will continue to evaluate
market demand for new products and services; and respond to
it by deepening the proposition and expanding the number of
practices. To achieve this, the Group will invest in its talented
people, the service offering and the practice structure, through
a combination of internal promotions and external senior hires.

2. Roll out the business practices globally

The Group currently provides services to its clients from 10
global offices in the UK, US, Europe and Asia. The strategy is
to extend and strengthen its service proposition globally by
deploying the existing practices consistently across all regions.
This will be achieved by introducing and developing those
specialist practices in each of the Group's jurisdictions. The
Directors believe that the building out of the Group's proven
practice model across the US, Europe and, ultimately, Asia
will help to meet evolving client demand and drive future
growth globally.


===== page 26 =====
25

Annual Report 2019

3. Make selective
acquisitions

The Group recognises that it can
strengthen the service offering and,
therefore, add value through strategic
acquisitions. The Group operates a
selective and disciplined approach to
acquisitions, considering opportunities
of consulting businesses, technology
and data products, and intellectual

property that support and complement “The market exhibits

organic growth. Alpha believes it is well *

placed olen technology and ata ongoing growth and the

led acquisitions that would benefit its H

clients’ operations and, in turn, generate structural drivers of change
growth for the Group. A broader range represent clear opportunities

of knowledge and capabilities can also
increase cross-sell potential as well as
creating additional addressable areas of
the market. The Directors are confident

for the Group to differentiate
further its service offering
that Alpha's industry proposition and and to grow the business.”

strong culture offer a compelling
platform for the owners of any such
target complementary firms.



===== page 27 =====
26

Annual Report 2019

Business Review

Key Performance
Indicators

The Directors have defined the following key performance
indicators (“KPIs”). These KPIs link to the Group's growth
strategy and are used to monitor the Group's income
statement and performance.

Revenue | |
The revenue KPI measures how well the Group |
has expanded its business through organic and
inorganic growth. |

FYI6: £36.4m

FYIS; £30.40

Gross Profit

This KPI further helps to measure the profitability
of the Group and the success of the business model.

a |

Adjusted EBITDA WA {
Earnings before interest, tax. depreciation, amortisétion
and exceptional items is a measure of the underlying,’
profitability of the Group. i _

FYie.c70m ia
FYIS: £5.2m

amen oon ee

Headcount 77 |

A i
The year end headcount KPI measures thé.growth
in the Group's fee-generating consultantsglobally.



===== page 28 =====
27

Annual Report 2019

“Alpha is a fantastic
company to work
for, with a unique
company culture.”

Alpha employee



===== page 29 =====
28

Annual Report 2019

Business Review

Risk Management

Active risk management is embedded across
the Group through the risk management
framework, which comprises systems of
governance, control processes and a
strong corporate culture of responsibility.

Overview

The Group's operating model, and the asset and wealth
management industry in which it operates, expose it to a number
of uncertain internal and external events, which constitute risks.
The Group manages risks in order to limit potential adverse
effects on the implementation of its strategy, its financial
performance and the interests of shareholders. It does this by
ensuring that there is a robust framework in place to identity,
assess and govern risk.

Governance and Responsibility

The Group governs risk through executive oversight and
responsibilities that extend across all business areas. As illustrated
in the diagram on p. 29, the Group follows a “top down” and
“bottom up” approach to monitoring and managing its risk
exposures. In this approach, top-down strategic risk management
is directed from the Board; and applied through the actions

of the executive team and wider senior management within
operations. Bottom-up operational risk management is.
implemented through the engagement, risk awareness and
corporate responsibility of all Alpha employees.

The Board of Directors has overall accountability for ensuring
that risks that could impact the long-term success of the Group
are identified and effectively managed. The Board delegates
oversight of the Group's risk management processes and
control environment to the Audit Committee.

The policies and decisions of the Board with regards to risk are
implemented through the Group's executive team, represented
by the Global Management Board. The Global Management
Board encompasses all the areas in which business-level risk
may arise or apply, including finance, IT & infrastructure, HR,
business development and service delivery. The members of
the Global Management Board have a direct reporting line into
the Board of Directors, principally via the Global Chief Executive
Officer. However, any member of the Global Management Board
can be invited to present their risk management activities,
including risk escalation and risk monitoring processes.

The Group believes that corporate responsibility underpins

a successful risk management strategy. Acting responsibly
and taking accountability in day-to-day business activities

is expected and required of employees in all parts of the
organisation. It is a core value that is written into the Employee
Handbook, which all staff must read and attest to. This includes
the need to follow and ascribe to relevant policies, training
and procedures that are decided at a senior level.


===== page 30 =====
29

Annual Report 2019

Risk Management Governance

STRATEGIC RISK MANAGEMENT:

‘* Assesses and reports on principal
risks & uncertainties

‘+ Agrees the risk appetite

‘+ Agrees the key risk indicators

+ Determines strategic action points

EXECUTIVE RESPONSIBILITY:

‘+ Monitors external environment

+ Oversees business-level risk
‘management activities

‘* Monitors key risk indicators

+ Oversees strategic action points

+ Ownership of the risk register

OPERATIONAL RISK MANAGEMENT:

‘ Monitor operating environment

* Identity, assess and mitigate
‘operational risks

+ Implement strategic action points

* Execute policies, training & controls

BUSINESS UNITS.

Improvements to the
Risk Management Approach

Alpha has a global risk management framework in place in order
to assess and manage risks that may have an impact on the
business. The Board believes that these practices should be
regularly reviewed in order to allow for continuous improvement
and development.

As part of this continuous improvement objective, at the end
of Alpha’s first 12-month period of trading on AIM, the Group
undertook a review of its risk management framework. The goal
of the exercise was to ensure the ongoing appropriateness of
the framework following a period of growth and corporate
governance change, including the Group's adoption of the QCA
Code. The following incremental enhancements were delivered:

Additional investment in staff training around data handling
and including data protection, cyber and information security;
Enhanced risk reporting including expanding into risk
indicator metrics and consolidating reports from across
all business areas;
* Annual review of the Group's risk policy to reflect the Group’s
evolving business model and the strategy elements that
were implemented in the course of the year; and
Updating the Group's risk appetite statement to articulate
the appetite for each of the three categories in the Group's
risk register (operational risk, industry risk, financial risk),
in order to identify any new areas of focus.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

GLOBAL MANAGEMENT BOARD

CORPORATE ASSURANCE:

* Oversight of risk procedure

* Internal control

= Assesses effectiveness of risk
‘management framework & reporting

Objectives of Risk Management

The main objectives of the Group's risk management
framework are to ensure that there is:

* Astrong corporate culture of risk awareness and

responsibility embedded at all levels of the organisation;
‘+ Reduction of ongoing risk as far as possible, without
unduly affecting the Group's competitiveness and flexibility;
Proactive identification and reporting of risk information,
with clear management and mitigation responsibilities; and
Provision of a suitable basis upon which the Audit
Committee and, ultimately, the Board can assess the
effectiveness of the Group's risk management and
internal controls.

.

.

v7


===== page 31 =====
30

Annual Report 2019

Business Review

Risk Management continued

Risk Assessment

The Group reviews and monitors risk exposures closely,
considering the potential impact and any management actions
required to mitigate the effect of emerging issues and events.
The Group's risk register is the principal tool for managing risks,
which are categorised as operational, financial or industry risk:
and the Group's risk appetite statements. Adherence to the
Group's risk appetite statements is monitored using key risk
indicators, which have been developed and incorporated into
the Board’s risk reports during the period.

The risk register is owned by the Global Management Board;

and it is maintained using current inputs from the core business
functions. Risks are assessed using a scoring system, with each
risk scored according to the likelihood of occurrence and the
associated impact to the Group and the execution of its strategy.
This approach to risk assessment facilitates escalation to the
Board of Directors of the key material risks. It also ensures the
business's ability to review risks, identify trends and respond
with an effective set of actions.

Group risks are reviewed, discussed and challenged first by
the executive team, through the meetings of the Global
Management Board. The key material risks, as agreed at the
Global Management Board, are then reported to the Board of
Directors. Reporting decisions are documented in order that
the assessment and escalation approach can be reviewed by
the Audit Committee as part of its assurance responsibilities.
In exceptional circumstances, that is where the risk is of a
sensitive business nature, a risk may be raised on an individual
basis to the Global Chief Executive Officer, who can present
that directly to the Board.

The Board has agreed that the most material current risks to the
Group will be presented in the Annual Report as the principal
risks. Applying the described approach, the Board is able to
confirm that a robust assessment of the principal risks has been
carried out.

Financial Risk Management

The Group has established internal control and risk management
structures in relation to the process for preparing the consolidated
financial statements. The key features of this framework are:

.

The Group's executive team understands the importance
of internal contro! and adhering to the principles of risk
mitigation on a global, operational basis;

* The Audit Committee has primary responsibility for reviewing

the quality of internal controls and checks, with a view to

ensuring that the financial performance of the Group can
be properly measured and reported on;

The Chief Financial Officer regularly monitors and considers

developments in accounting regulations and best practice

in financial reporting and; where, appropriate, reflects
developments in the consolidated financial statements;

* The Group's results are subject to various levels of review
within the Group's finance and management teams;

© Both the Audit Committee and the Board review the draft
consolidated financial statements;

* The Audit Committee receives reports from senior
management and the external auditor on significant
judgements, changes in accounting policies, changes in
account estimates and other pertinent matters relating to
the consolidated financial statements; and

* The financial statements are subject to external audit.

Brexit

The Directors and the executive team monitor the geopolitical
developments surrounding the UK's decision to leave the
European Union (“‘Brexit") closely. The Group has assessed
that it does not expect Brexit to have a material direct impact
on its ongoing growth and development of the business, given
Alpha’s lack of reliance upon significant outsourcing or service
arrangements between the UK and EU countries, and its
network of offices across Europe. The most likely impact of
Brexit on the business is a potential short-term delay to client
decision making, which is not expected to have any adverse
effects over the medium term. Therefore, Brexit is not presented
as a principal risk. The Group is conscious that this position
may change, and unexpected new challenges could arise that
affect this risk assessment, including the broader impact that
Brexit has on the UK economy as a whole.



===== page 32 =====
31

Annual Report 2019

Principal Risks

The table below outlines the principal risks to the Group, as agreed by the Board. They are not the only risks
that may affect the Group, but they are the risks that the Board, currently, believes would have the most
significant impact on the Group’s strategy to achieve long-term profitable growth. There may be additional
risks that materialise over time that the Group has not yet identified or deemed to have a potentially material
adverse impact on the business and the business strategy.

Operational Risk

The Group's approach to minimising operational risk is to centralise relevant processes and oversight frameworks through the
leadership team, which includes the Chief Operating Officer, Head of IT & Infrastructure and Head of HR. Operational risks are
mitigated accordingly through operational projects that are designed to strengthen the control environment and protect Alpha's
competitive standing with regards to people and quality of service.

RI: Mitigating
People & Failure to attract, incentivise * Attractive culture that places people at the heart of the business
Resourcing and retain the best people with * Regularly benchmarked, market-leading remuneration package that
the right capabilities across all includes a differentiating profit share
levels and geographies. « Employee equity participation offering, including management

incentive plan for directors

* In-house recruitment process, targeting top university graduates and
experienced professionals

* Comprehensive training and development programme, building
consulting skills and industry knowledge

* Broad and reactive support structure, including HR, individual
mentors and external advice scheme

Quality Failure to maintain quality Clearly defined project terms agreed up front, ensuring that each
of Service of service on client delivery framework is appropriate, and the objectives are achievable
delivery engagements. Clear individual responsibility on every engagement via the Alpha
engagement lead, who is a senior member of the Alpha team
* Internal service delivery function managed by the Chief Operating
Officer, providing strong oversight and enabling early risk identification
* Continuous monitoring of client satisfaction and fulfilment of agreed
delivery criteria through the Alpha engagement lead, in addition to
the Alpha client account owner

Data Risk of a security breach * Defined IT Security Policy including breach management procedure
Security leading to loss of integrity * Annual cyber security review by éxternal party and renewal of Cyber
or availability of core data. Essentials certification

* Core cloud services hosted in vendor data centres utilising industry-
standard security

* System access controls and encryption

* Physical security controls at office locations.

* Mandatory training around data handling and security



===== page 33 =====
32

Annual Report 2019

Business Review

Principal Risks continued

Industry Risk .

The Group's approach to minimising industry risk is to undertake a regular assessment of the market and its influencers,
including regulatory, political and structural change; and to maintain a strong dialogue with market participants, such as clients,
competitors and industry bodies. This review is delivered through the Group's defined corporate governance responsibilities,
wherein the Executive Directors manage those relationships on a day-to-day basis and communicate the key findings and
perspectives to the Global Management Board and, in turn, to the Board of Directors.

RISK Mitigating Facto’

Strategy

Risk that the Group
responds inadequately to
changing market conditions
or fails to meet its strategic
objectives, such as
continuing organic growth.

.

Business strategy is reviewed regularly by the Global
Management Board and the Board of Directors

Strategy informs annual business planning and budgets,

and is tracked accordingly

Regional CEOs are responsible for monitoring markets and client
demand locally, proposing and implementing relevant, competitive
service propositions

Macroeconomic
Conditions

Risk that macroeconomic
factors outside of the
Group's control change,
affecting its clients, their
demand for consultancy
services and, hence, the
Group's own performance
and financial position.

Monitoring of the market to identify, and plan for, potential change
in market conditions and volatility

Flexible business model that is responsive to change and
regularly reviewed

Record of identifying opportunities to provide consulting services
and delivering successtul projects in challenging change conditions
Global nature of the business and range of practices that should
reduce the risk of impact from volatility in specific markets

Political /
Regulatory
Environment

Risk that Alpha’s business.
model and strategy is
materially impacted

by legal, political or
regulatory changes that
restrict service offering

or access to markets.

Ongoing diversification and expansion of the service offering
that should reduce impact of restrictions

Strategic geographic extension of the business, overseen by

the Board and executed by the Global Management Board
Regulatory, political and legal change horizon scanning,

led by the Global Chief Executive Officer, to foresee and plan
appropriate responses

Dialogue with regulators, legal advisers and industry bodies

In respect of Brexit, continual monitoring of the political
negotiations and appraisal of potential implications for the Group



===== page 34 =====
N
33.

Annual Report 2019

Competitors,

Risk that an existing
competitor or new entrant
may over time be able to
achieve similar success
and win work from the
Group's existing clients.

* Monitoring of competitor positioning including client win/
loss ratios
* Proven ability to understand the structural drivers of the market,
to innovate and develop the service offering accordingly
* Key competitive differentiators:
— Highly focussed proposition for the asset and wealth
management industry
= Strong, increasingly global reputation amongst clients, with the
very high quality of the team as a key competitive advantage
= Differentiating intellectual property and benchmarking data

Client
Concentration

Failure to expand the client
base or a reduction in the

number of key clients due to
consolidation in the industry.

+ Expanding global team of consultants able to attract new market
entrants and new entities lin existing client structures

* Growth objectives include diversifying the Group's client base

+ Regular monitoring of client concentration by revenues

* Business strategy includes extending the Group's offering with
new services and products to cater for different client segments

Large-Scale
Projects

Reduction in major and
large-scale projects,
currently a consistent
and considerable source
of fee generation.

* Deep specialised industry expertise equips the Group to win and
complete projects of all sizes and complexity

* Growth strategy that targets extension of service offering and
capability to service an array of requirements in addition to the
large-scale M&A, operations and front office projects

* Presence in annual project portfolio of smaller projects that
cumulatively could provide equivalent value to large programmes



===== page 35 =====
34

Annual Report 2019

Business Review

Principal Risks continued

Financial Risk

The Group's approach to minimising financial risk is to manage utilisation, day rates, expenses and cash collection actively and
closely. The Group's target is for projects to be chargeable on a time and materials basis, and to ensure that all time is recorded
and billed each month. A considerable amount of attention is paid to day rates and their alignment to budget, which are
reviewed and monitored by regional CEOs and the Executive Directors.

RISK itigating Factor

Utilisation Rates Risk that utilisation rates, * Target utilisation rates are agreed annually per region, and are
which drive Group monitored by the regional CEO
profitability, may be * Oversight of delivery against agreed resource utilisation by
adversely impacted by regional CEO or head of country
poorly timed headcount * Ongoing review of global utilisation by Chief Financial Officer, in
growth or an unexpected conjunction with visibility of pipeline and recruitment plans; and
decline in client projects. discussed regularly with regional CEOs and heads of country
Cash Collection Failure to collect cash * Group-wide aim is to sell consulting services on a time and materials
on client invoices on a basis, minimising work in progress or accrued unbilled time
timely basis. * The Group's standard policy on the payment of client invoices is

to settle within 30 days
The Chief Financial Officer assesses the Group's cash and
debtors position on a regular basis, which is discussed with
regional CEOs / heads of country and covered as an agenda item
at the Global Management Board meetings

By order of the Board.

Euan Fraser
Global Chief Executive Officer
5 June 2019



===== page 36 =====
35

Annual Report 2019

‘Alpha is head and shoulders
above the competition when
it comes to knowledge of the
asses management space”

Director, global asset manager



===== page 37 =====
Corporate Social Responsibility

38 Employee Framework
42 Case Studies
44 Our Communities

The power of
our people to
achieve our
ambitions


===== page 38 =====


===== page 39 =====
> -

38

Annual Report 2019

Corporate Social Responsibility

Alpha brings together the

best and most talented people,
creates a fantastic place to work
and provides an environment for
exceptional success.

Employee Framework
Creating the Best Consulting Company

Alpha’s success is owed to its people, whose personal
investment in, and exceptional commitment to the corporate
proposition have driven strong organic growth over the company’s
16-year history. It is thanks to our highly talented global teams
that we continue to deliver great outcomes for our clients,
which in turn drives client loyalty and repeat business.

Attracting, retaining and developing the very best people in the
industry is integral to both our culture and ongoing success.
We are committed to making Alpha a highly rewarding place
to work, and to maintaining a unique and inclusive culture that
places people at the heart of the business. We are very proud
of our three consecutive years in the top 50 of the Sunday Times
100 Best Small Companies to Work For since we began
participating, and we are delighted with the positive reviews of
Alpha as an employer on Glassdoor.

Underpinning Alpha‘s unique culture are the Group’s core
values, which guide how our employees work and collaborate.
Alpha brings together the best and most talented consultants
in the industry. However, it is important that they know and
believe in the same corporate values, which serves to align
‘our incentives to achieving success both at an individual and
Group level. The core values are documented in the Employee
Handbook, which all employees must read and attest to, and
are discussed regularly in various global forums.

Recruitment

Alpha’s track record evidences an impressive ability to identify
and recruit the very best performers in the industry. We have
created a reputation in the recruitment market as being one of
the most exciting and rewarding companies to work for, and
candidates actively approach us.

We have a rigorous in-house recruitment process that
focusses on finding raw consulting talent and capability, a
high-level of commitment and the aspiration to succeed; and
we are known as being a difficult company with which to
achieve the offer of a consulting role. Once hired, we provide
our employees with all the subject matter expertise, support,
training and experience needed to thrive.

This year, we were delighted to welcome our largest graduate
intake since launching the programme in 2012. Recognising
the success of our UK-based graduate scheme, the Group
has extended the programme to the US for the first time,
where there were eight graduate starters in September 2018.


===== page 40 =====
39

Annual Report 2019

Our core values define who we are both
as a company and as professionals:

Wotep accountability fp
fdeliverygawesowmand take
responsibility, fomoutcomes

Werprideourselvesron
cua collaboratively
with ourclients]

‘Ouncompany, providesial

meritocratic, sociable and

supportive GMC
wantto berecognisedacthewery)
best place toworleinouri

We focuson providing}

deep expertiset

epecialistindustry segments

Everything wedo,is defined by)
Peru iewerold ourselves

toxthe highest;standards,

of, transparency wnonesty,
fand personallintegrity)

Weancalyens
iatsetly responsible

“Our people are the backbone of the business.
We are constantly looking for ways to make the
work environment even better and to give everyone

the very best corporate experience possible.”



===== page 41 =====
40

Annual Report 2019

Corporate Social Responsibility

Employee Framework continued

Support and the Working Environment

Our consultants work on some of the industry's most
challenging and complex change projects. Ensuring that we
support them, and prioritise their objectives and needs is of
paramount importance. To facilitate this, we have an established
mentoring and employee oversight framework across all global
locations and alll levels. At the same time, we continue to invest
in our training and development programmes to build consulting
skills and industry content. Training opportunities include
industry-leading professional qualifications such as IMC, CFA
and CAIA.

We hire the highest performing people, but it is through our
comprehensive support and training initiatives that our teams
grow in knowledge, expertise and confidence.

Employee Feedback

Alpha's vision is to maintain an interactive working environment
that is based upon open communication and the exchange of
proactive insights from the employee base. Employee feedback
has always been a significant component of that picture. In the
period, reflecting upon the Group's growing size and global
reach, we defined and launched a refreshed global employee
feedback framework. The intention of that framework is to
receive a comprehensive view of our employees’ sentiments
and to encourage effective engagement within the firm to own,
drive and embed positive change.

The new framework, which has now been deployed globally,
provides opportunities throughout the year for employees to
submit their feedback about all aspects of working at Alpha,
including wellbeing, day-to-day project life, the strategy, sensitive
concerns and personal development. Employees can provide
their feedback anonymously and through peer groups, and we
are confident that these mechanisms complement the executive
team’s “open door” policy, further highlighting for our attention
just what matters to our people.

With the objective of making Alpha the best corporate experience
that anyone has during their career, and on the basis that
Alpha’s people have the most important perspectives on how
to achieve that, we have established an important employee
led initiative: Project Neutron Star. Project Neutron Star is an

umbrella project for the socialisation and aggregation of insights
between our people, which can improve the employee experience.
During its course, a number of important employee ideas have
been identified and delivered, from internal communication
improvements to additional training topics to “life hacks”
providing techniques to help with managing life, time and
workflow. Launched to great success and popularity in the UK,
it will be rolled out globally in due course.

Employee engagement is a highly important aspect of Alpha’s
culture. Encouraging employees to share perspectives,
insights and ideas about the company through their feedback
is complemented by an open and progressive leadership
approach, whereby the management team regularly provides
information on matters regarding Alpha’s strategy, governance,
global events and corporate initiatives. The executive team’s
principal mechanisms for engaging with employees on this
basis are the communications of the CEO and the monthly
company meetings, which take place in all locations. Ensuring
that employees are updated and able to comment on the
Group's achievements, considerations and key decisions
ensures that they feel invested in its growth.

Running the Business

The Alpha team has an exceptional array of skills. We give our
people the opportunity to develop their interests and talent by
helping to manage core business functions. We regard this as
an important opportunity for our employees to contribute to
and be part of the evolution of Alpha. Areas where these skills
are valued and used include corporate social responsibility,
infrastructure innovation, internal IT projects, marketing and
business development. Across all locations, our people also play
a very significant part in our recruitment process. The team is
empowered to actively participate in recruiting the highest calibre
consultants and promoting Alpha through their own experiences.

More broadly, we encourage everyone to act with an
entrepreneurial spirit, providing ideas and opinions on the way
we run the company, the work that we do and where we move
next. During the year, this principle has been fortified through
the introduction of the Alpha Innovation platform, which enables
any employee to submit ideas about how we grow the business
in terms of new products, services and business lines; and
therein help to shape our global vision.


===== page 42 =====
41

Annual Report 2019

Sharing in our Success

Allowing our people to share in Alpha’s growth story is a highly
valued component of the business. We have developed a number
of initiatives that recognise and reward the exceptional personal
contributions that our teams make; and that deepen the

relationship between our employees and Alpha’s ongoing success.

Alpha is able to attract and retain high-calibre consultants at
all levels and in all locations by offering a market-leading
compensation package.

Alpha’s social agenda is a very important aspect of how we
recognise and reward our achievements. We have several key
events during the year, supported by an internal social team,
which ensure that we take the time to reflect on and enjoy our
personal and company-wide successes together. There are
many ways in which we celebrate, from regular mentor-mentee
events, to peer group outings, to fully-funded Christmas parties
and summer conference events, which are held internationally
and have previously included Monaco, Ibiza, Italy and, for the

_ US team, Miami.

As an employer, Alpha can differentiate itself from
competitors in a number of ways:

* Remuneration packages are benchmarked against the
“Big 6”, and Alpha typically offers a base salary that is
in line with the best in the market;

Participation in the Company's profit-sharing scheme

(with remuneration linked to Company performance),

which can deliver a significant increase to an already

competitive base salary;

All employees are offered equity participation through

the employee incentive plan (“EIP”) and a management

incentive plan (“MIP”) for directors;

* Acomprehensive training and development programme
that greatly enhances Alpha’s desirability to clients and
drives increased loyalty to the firm; and

* Opportunities to work on interesting and varied
projects, including high-profile client engagements and
transformational deals in the industry.

‘ cy
| wae kIT

eee



===== page 43 =====
42

Annual Report 2019

Corporate Social Responsibility

Case Studies

Kirby Eckels
Analyst (US)

joined Alpha in Auc 2018 as part of the inaugural graduate
intake in the United States. One of the things that drew me to Alpha,
w graduate, was the opportunity to work alongside
some of the brightest people in the industry. Throughout the
cruitment process, Alpha's exceptionally talented and welcom
team stood out as they spoke about Alpha's meritocratic stru
and emphasis on personal development.

As an employee, | have experienced Alpha's incredible culture first
hand. Upon joining, the other American graduate analysts and | trained

ith the wider graduate intake in London. We enjoyed meeting
colleagues from around the world and found that Alpha’s supporti
dynamic, meritocratic DNA extends beyond any one region. After
training, tad the opportunity to contribute to several strategic po
from M&A due diligence to investment technology ti

know
tations or to lead meetings, but | have enjoyed these

opportunities - and many more ~ at Alpha.

As I reflect on the start of m
forking with such an intelligent, driven and thoughtful
im, at a company that truly invests in its people. | am excited to

Nora Soos
Business Operations (Global)

I joined Alpha in June 2014 in the pursuit of being part of a su
story and joining an organisation where HR has key business
significance’ Being the first dedicatéd HR resource at Alpha prov
me the chance to help shape our people landscape to the success
Over the years, my role has grown to become global
/e the great fortune to work with our brilliant teams
across 10 locations, alongside a hugely talented HR team.

Alpha is an inspiring place to work, where individuals come toget
and aim to achieve the highest standard in every aspect. It has
certainly allowed me endless opportunities to contribute to our
growth at the same time as gaining unparalleled personal experie

Vorking for an organisation where core values stich as integrit
deeply embedded within the HR strategy is very hard to find. Thus,
it is an absolute pleasure to collaborate with a leadership and wider
team that champion a culture where people are truly valued, and
decisions are driven by the simple notion of “what is the right thing
todo?”

Cirasker (amreps)

LD SMES

oii TOA amis Soyastcdyol OCIA



===== page 44 =====
43

‘Annual Report 2019

Divakar Padmanathan
Senior Manager (UK)



===== page 45 =====
\

44

Annual Report 2019

Corporate Social Responsibility
Our Communities

We understand the importance of social responsibility
and ethical conduct at every level of our governance.
We promote a culture that values employment diversity,
environmental awareness and high corporate standards.

We are proud to support our staff in engaging in activities that
help and have a positive influence on our environment and
communities. Our social awareness and strong business integrity
unite us as a firm and create a powerful sense of fulfilment.
Alpha's corporate social responsibility (“CSR”) strategy is
predicated on maximising the benefits and minimising the
downsides of our economic, social and environmental impacts.

Alpha's internal CSR team has worked with Heart of the City,
a registered charity based in London, to define and implement
its CSR policy.

Our chosen priorities include:

Minimising our impact on the environment
recycling where possible, reducing our use of paper
and saving electricity;

Promoting a good work/life balance: encouraging
flexible working patterns, offer

scheme, maternity and paternity leave allowance;
Working with ethical suppliers and local businesses;
Commitment to the delivery of modern human rights;
Ensuring that our employees can participate in
voluntary charitable and community-based activities:
partnering with social mobility foundations and
providing a Charity of the Year programme;
Identifying pro-bono consulting and project work that
our teams can support on a voluntary basis; and
Providing a framework for charitable fundraising and
payroll giving.

We have continued to engage
with our staff about the major
issues that they want to change
or address. It was our CSR team
that led the initiative to make
Alpha a certified Living Wage
Employer in January 2018.

A key CSR engagement initiative is providing support to
young people in our communities who need assistance in their
academic paths or first professional roles. In 2018, our French
office partnered with Proxité, which is a charity providing
mentoring, educational support and career advice to young
people from disadvantaged backgrounds. In the UK, we work
with the Social Mobility Foundation (“SMF”), which is a charity
that aims to make a practical improvement in social mobility
for high-achieving young people from low-income
backgrounds. Alpha supports the SMF through mentoring
programmes, whereby consultants can voluntarily mentor
sixth-form and undergraduate students in their pursuit of a
degree, career or other professional objective. We were
delighted that 28 of our employees took part in this work in
the last year.

Diversity and Inclusion

Alpha is fully supportive of all aspects of diversity and inclusion.
As a people business, we believe that we have strength in
openness and inclusivity. Our dedicated Diversity & Inclusion
programme was launched in 2015 to formalise and fortify
these values. The key streams of the programme are: Gender
Equality at Alpha, Culture & Social Mobility at Alpha, Pride at
Alpha, Wellbeing at Alpha, and Disability Confidence, which
was newly launched in the year, We were very proud to have
achieved Disability Confident Committed status in the UK.


===== page 46 =====
>
#
©
3
o
uw

Gender

+ Juawebeuew puiw,, pue ae0-jJas jeonoed Buanco ‘Bulure.y sdual|isau JO euWesBod anisuayesdWi0d yY «
pue ‘pre ysuy yyeay jeyUaW UI paules} SUCIdWeYD ye}S :‘suOpessequUe BUjaqijam Jo yJomjou [eqoj6 y, »

ueak eu ynoyBnosyy
‘ssaujs saXojduia 0} puodsa, pue JO}UOW 0} Ajeqo|6 Aanuns asind Guleqyam Aayenb e 40 yNO-JOY »

ueak ayy Buunp ssesGoud ul saanepiul mau

Jesanas Uy “eUdyy JO) SN90} Jo eae Aay e $1 Bulaqyjayy ‘PUI UI SILA Ua “SSeUIsng Gulmou6-ysey e yo saBuUa|eYyo
au) Gujaew pue ‘wea payuayey AjYy6ly Jno Burureyas pue Buidojanap ‘sjual/9 4No 0} synses Buoys Apuaysisuoo
BuLaljap Ul 40}9R) [21I9NUO kB s1 aj|doad Jno Jo Bulaqijam pue UyJesy ay) JEU eAsijaq any “saw |e ye ajdoed No
{Je 20) JUaWUOUAUa antoddns pue aaneloge||o9 ‘uado Ue Bulpinoid 0} pay!WUod ae am YeXojdwa Ue sy

+, 20e|dbyu0m ayy UI UES,

Uo Burssno0) juava: JsOU! ay) YIM ‘SUOISSAS URE PUR YOUN] pUe ‘s}eI90s AuUedOD peuiayy Se YONS syUana
yBnoiy} ssousseme Buisies UO passndo} aney am ‘AyeUJa}UI “SO.]U9D JUBWSSESSE PUL. SMaIAJa]U! B4NINY JOY WAU]
eredaid 0} Bulurey paseg-sijiy4s ul Bujedioied osje ysjiym ‘eJUs Pjnom Gunjnsuod ul seese9 e yeYM UO WE},
84} JO SAaquUalW ZINb 0} AyUNYoddo ay) YM paepinoid aom Aay} B19YM ‘,SSejo10}SeW BuN|NsUOD,, e Pua}e
0} BDO UOPUOY s,2Ud\y 0} SJUBPNIS AY} JO SZ Pay!AuI Os|e EAA “SdNOIG S1WOUODBOIDOS Jamo} LOL} S]USPN}s
JO} |OOYDS JSWLUNS jeNUBPISAI S,ySN4L_UOWNG ay} ye VOISsajoud GuNjNsUOS yUsWabeUEW ey} 0} WYBisU! paveYys:
any am ‘diysueuyed siuy YGnosy| “selysNpUl aAiy}adWOD SOW a4} 0} SSB09B PUe Ay}}GOW jeID0s BulAoudu! 0}
payeoipap Aeyo jeuoneonps Buyesuold e ysMuL UONNS ayy WM diysauyed e payoune| AjeWUy aneY am ‘IeAK
SE] 84) LILA “PUNOIB}9Eq JO BANDSdsaus ‘AyIGe PUR }eI]U9}Od UO Pased jsox~ 0} alge ae ajdoad YoIyM.

Ul JUBLUUOMAUS SAISNjoU! Ue PUR SaIPUNYOddo jenba ayea/9 0} SyJOM Weads Ayo [INOS g eN}IND eUL

“AUNWWOS +O1GD7 ou} JO S]Ses9]UI PUB SPaau 9y} a}OWOId oO} ANSNpU! jusWaebeUEW UyJeEM PUR Jesse au)
ulyjim aBueyo eaup djay ued am mou ye BUN] a1e A|Busea:oul ynq ‘AyjeussyUI Parayo syuana feuoNeoNps

jo aBues ayy Mos 0} aNuUIUOD AjUO JOU j11M ayy “ORC! pu YORAaJ JNO puedxe djay 0} seap! Guljioxe aso
aney em Veak Bulwod ay} 0} peeye YOO] am S¥y “eplig JNoge ayeuoissed Ajdsep os are ajdoad Aym suoseal
Jo e6ued ay} pue syor |weMauo}S 9u) ‘apud JO AuO}sIy By} INOGe SsauUsJeMe asies padjay yey} JUSAS PSWeY)
-aplig & pur ‘saoualiadxe yno Bulwod (euosiad (uaa pue) umO J19y) a1eYs pue dn Lado 0} ajdoad pamoye
JEUI AANENIU LGOTuONNQSWOD# JeqOIB e ‘AyUNWWIOD SUBJ] a4) JO SIBqUALU Aq Pade} SaBURI|EYD UO UOISSas
Buluresy eB papnjour sea yse] 84} Jeno pasiueBio aney am sHuly} ay} JO BOS “SSaUISNg ay} UI Sjarg] ||P JO ajdoad
\WO4j UO!INGUUOS pue POddns 'juawebebue ay} se |jem Se ‘sa}}/LWULUOD B SB OP am YOM a4} JO UOISURdXa PUR
jNo-|JO1 panunuod ay) UI Ssadons sNopUaWa.} UES BABY aM ‘SAA JSE{ BU] JAG “AyjUAp! JapUaGH JO UONEJUaO
Jenxas umo say) Jo SsajpseGas ‘paremodue jaaj Aayy yey} OS SaaXo|diue eydyy |J2 Bulyoddns Aq os op ay,
“BUOAIANA 40} 410M 0} BDR|M AAISNIOU! PUE JIE B Ag 0} SaNUAUOD eYd}y JY} euNSUa 0} SI LOISSI S,2UdIY IB SPU

“ASuaNIp sapuab ajqeureysns,

pea) 0} uljadid yuajey sno UIyW sanlUMYOddo BuIsiUIXeW a1e am Jeu} aNsua 0} WEE} JUBLUYINIDeI S,eUChY
ym diyssauped Jesojo B paduaWWOD Os|e eayIWWOD ay “440 ye Ayjenbe sepuab ul yedxe ue ‘ebpuquied
‘9691109 Spuempy AeuNyy Woy BUOASWY III 4g UM diyssauped UI AaAins ,29e|d10M ayy U! BUNeLOQEIIO9,,
8 Ue! PUR LONUA/sE]UI JeBPUR}SAG UO Bulure.) Jeqoj6 no paljos aM “BdUE|eq JepUab jo Ido} at UO seHuayeyo
JO Salas e UI Led aye} 0} palidsu! diam saafoidwa s,eydiy ‘Aeq s,uawoyy [eUoeUayUul Jo UO!UGOIe/ Uy “AEG
Sua) [EUONEUIAIUI 10) AQWAAONY INOYBNoY) sjapow a]O1 ajeW Jo BulJesqa/29 ay) pue area] [eyUaLed paseys
Uo suoIssnosip ajqeypuno: BuIpnjoul ‘AyAIsnjoU! 4apuab Jo SsoUAIeMe aSealOU) Jey) SANIANOE PUL SjuEAa Mau
JO UORONPOjU! a4) YIM YeAA siyj AyNyewW PUe YyMo6 BuNloxe peouaadxe sey Weajs AyyeNb3 sepueDy eu

SdIPIUNWIWOS J9apIM ANO

uy pure a9e]dx40M ay} U! Y30q ‘UOISN}OU! puke AyISAaAIp UO Jye}s B}yeONpa puke abebua 07
yoiym ut skem mau UO ajndaxa pue ubisap 03 Ajaanoeoid Avan y.10Mm suiea} y2qo}6 1nCG

6107 yioday jenuuy

Sv



===== page 47 =====
46

Annual Report 2019

Corporate Social Responsibility

Our Communities continued

Governance

The Global Management Board oversees the cultural framework
and is responsible for reviewing operational processes for
managing social, environmental and ethical risk. All members
of the Global Management Board, including the Global Chief
Executive Officer, are committed to this framework and ensuring
that it is embedded within the business globally. Its principal
methods for promoting social, environment and ethical
responsibility are the Employee Handbook, communications
to staff on the topics of culture and integrity, sponsorship of
the Diversity & Inclusion programme and supporting the
wide-ranging interests of the global CSR teams.

The Global Management Board reports into the Board of
Directors, so that the Board can assess the state of corporate
culture and integrity, and ensure that any significant risks to the
longer-term success of the business arising from such matters
are adequately addressed. The Board is committed to maintaining
appropriate standards for all the Group’s business activities
and ensure that they are set out in written policies, including
the Employee Handbook and the Modern Slavery Statement.
The Board believes that the business values of collaboration,
accountability, proactivity, integrity and responsible conduct
are consistent with the Group's vision and fully support its
‘ongoing growth.

Modern Slavery

Alpha is committed to combatting and preventing modern
slavery, human trafficking and exploitation. We have in place
procedures and policies throughout our business, supply and
procurement chains to support this; a statement of which can
be found on our website at alphafmc.com. These processes
are reviewed annually.

By order of the Board.
Euan Fraser

Global Chief Executive Officer
5 June 2019

“It has been a true pleasure to work
with Alpha FMC as their global
charity partner. SOS Children's
Villages USA has benefitted greatly
from the dedication and enthusiasm
of Alpha team members, who
provided invaluable insights and
expertise to our organisation.
Everyone brought a true customer
orientation to the process of
transforming operational challenges
to efficiencies.

This important pro-bono support

will allow us to better support
vulnerable children worldwide.”



===== page 48 =====


===== page 49 =====
Corporate Governance

50 Corporate Governance Code

52 Governance Framework
60 Board of Directors
62 Meet the Director

64 Audit Committee en hes
66 Remuneration Committee : >
72 Nomination Committee aa

74 _ Directors’ Report ,
78 Independent Auditor's Report /

\ 7

The power of ©
our people to
demonstrate
integrity


===== page 50 =====


===== page 51 =====
50

Annual Report 2019

Corporate Governance

Corporate

Governance Code

An effective corporate governance framework is
key to reducing risk, adding value to the business
and bringing long-term benefits to the Group's
shareholders. It is the Board’s responsibility to
oversee and optimise that framework.

As an AIM quoted company, Alpha is required to comply with a recognised corporate governance code, or to explain any areas
of deviation. The Board is committed to applying the highest standards of corporate governance, integrity and business ethics;
and has determined that the Quoted Companies Alliance Corporate Governance Code (the “Code”, the “QCA Code’) is best

suited to the Group's principles, needs and size.

The following governance report describes how the Group applies the 10 QCA corporate governance principles, which are also
detailed on the Group’s website investors.alphafmc.com.

Principle 4: The business model is premised upon delivering growth The Group's business model
Establish a strategy through the cross-sell and upsell of its high-quality service _and strategy are described
and business model that offering to existing clients; and seling its services to new clients, _ in the Strategic Report on
promote long-term value The strategy is to continue to grow in both existing and new PP 20-25.

7 jurisdictions by developing tha service proposition.
Principle 2: Good, consistent engagement with shareholders is given The Group's approach to
Seek to understand and a high priority by the Board. The principal methods of shareholder communications
meet shareholder needs communication with shareholders are the Annual Report & is described in the Corporate

and expectations.

Accounts, the interim and full-year results announcements,
the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) and the Group's website
investors.alphafme.com. :

Governance report on p. 59.

The Chief Financial Officer also
acts as Company Secretary
and is the main point of contact
for shareholders (company.
secretary@alphafmc.com).

Principle 3:

Take into account wider
stakeholder and social
responsibilities and their
implications for long-
term success.

The Board, supported by the executive team, upholds
a commitment to operating a socially and ethically
responsible company. Engagement with stakeholders
and wider communities ensures alignment of interests
and facilitates good decision making.

The Group's Corporate Social
Responsibility disclosure is
provided on pp 38-47.

The Group's engagement
model with clients and wider
stakeholders is described in the
Strategic Report on pp 20-23.

Principte 4:

Embed effective risk
management considering both
opportunities and threats,
throughout the organisation.

The Board has overall responsibility for the determination
of the Group's risk management objectives and policies.
The goal of the Board is to set policies that seek to reduce
ongoing risk as far as possible, without unduly affecting the
Group's competitiveness and flexibility.

The Group's risk management
framework is described in the
Strategic Report on pp 28-30,
and in the Corporate
Governance report on p. 58.



===== page 52 =====
\
Ssh

Annual Report 2019

Section 2: Maintain a Dynamic Framewor|

Principle 5:
Maintain the Board as a
well-functioning, balanced
team led by the Chair.

The Group believes that the Board's composition brings a
desirable range of skills, personal qualities and professional
credentials. Suitable Board operations; access to advice
and administrative services; effective induction of new
Directors; and a regular performance assessment also
ensure Board effectiveness.

The Board's composition
and operating framework is

described in the Corporate
Governance report on

pp 52-59.

Principle 6:
Ensure that between them the
Directors have the necessary
up-to-date experience, skills
and capabilities.

As an AIM-quoted provider of specialist consultancy
services to the asset and wealth management industry,
Alpha’s Board needs to represent a range of skills and
competencies, including experience in public markets,
financial services, governance and audit, the consulting
sector and business operations.

Biographical details of the
Directors, including relevant
experiences and how skill sets
are kept up to date, are provided
on pp 60-61 of the Corporate
Governance report.

Principle 7:
Evaluate Board performance
based on clear and relevant
objectives, seeking
continuous improvement.

The objectives of the Board are to approve the Group's
strategy, budgets and key corporate activities, and to
oversee the Group's progress towards its goals. The Group
has a process for evaluating the performance of the Board,
committees and individual directors in respect of those
objectives.

The Board's evaluation
framework is described in the
Corporate Governance
report on p. 54.

Principle 8:

Promote a corporate culture
that is based on ethical values
and behaviours.

The Board is conscious of its role in fostering and
safeguarding a culture of inclusion, responsibility and
openness. These values are embedded across the Group's
leadership and throughout the organisation.

The Group's culture and values
are discussed in the Corporate
Social Responsibility report
‘on pp 38-47.

Principle 9:

Maintain governance
structures and processes that
are fit for purpose and good
decision making by the Board.

‘The Group operates an effective, streamlined governance
framework. In this framework, the Board supports the
executive team to develop and execute the Group's strategy;
and key decisions are reached through open and
constructive dialogue.

Agovernance chart is provided
‘on p. 56 and processes are
described on pp 54-55 of the
Corporate Governance report.

Section 3: Build

Principle 10:
Communicate how the
company is governed
andis performing by *
maintaining a dialogue with
shareholders and other
relevant stakeholders.

The Group places a strong emphasis on the standards of
good corporate governance and maintaining an effective
engagement with its shareholders and key stakeholders. in
addition to the Annual Report & Accounts, the website is
updated regularly with information regarding the Group's
activities and performance.

The governance of the
Company, which is led by
the Board, is described in
the Corporate Governance
report on pp 52-59.

The website investors.
alphafme.com provides
the Group’s reports and
presentations; notices of
AGM; and results of voting
on all resolutions in AGMs



===== page 53 =====
52

Annual Report 2019

Corporate Governance

Governance Framework

Board Composition

The Board comprises five Directors: the Non-Executive Chairman,
two Non-Executive Directors and two Executive Directors. Two
of the Non-Executive Directors, one of whom is the Chairman,
are independent. During the financial year to 31 March 2019,
there were no changes to the composition of the Board.

As a provider of specialist consultancy services to the asset and
wealth management industry, and an AIM-quoted company,
Alpha requires a range of skills, capabilities and competencies
to be represented on the Board, including experience in public
markets, financial services, governance and audit, the consulting
sector and business operations. The Board is confident that
its members have the appropriate balance of backgrounds,
knowledge and personal qualities in order to meet this requirement
and to deliver on the Group's core objectives. Biographical
details for all Directors, including a summary of their relevant
experiences, are provided on pp 60-61 of the Annual Report &
Accounts.

The Board considers an independent Non-Executive Director to
be free from any relationship that might materially interfere with
the exercise of independent judgement. After careful review,
Nick Kent has been recognised as non-independent due to his
long-standing relationship with the business from his previous
position as Chief Executive Officer. However, the Board judges
that there is a suitable balance between independence and
knowledge of the Company; and that Nick is fully able to
discharge his duties effectively and responsibly. All Directors are
“encouraged and expected to use their independent judgement
and to challenge all matters, whether strategic or operational.

The Board makes decisions regarding the appointment and
removal of Directors; and there is a rigorous process for the
identification and appointment of new Directors that is led

by the Nomination Committee. The Company's Articles of
Association require that all Directors must stand for re-election
at least once every three years, and that any new Directors
appointed during the year must stand for election at the AGM
immediately following their appointment. No Directors are due
for election or re-election this year.

Diversity

The Board, supported by the Nomination Committee, values
diversity in its broadest sense and, when considering new
Director appointments, will, in addition to considering gender,
age, ethnicity, region and experience, look to maintain within
the Board the appropriate balance of skills, independence and
knowledge of the Company, its services and the industry as a
whole. Further details of the Group’s approach to diversity and
inclusion can be found on can be found on pp 44-45 and p. 73.

t TNon: Executive’ Directors) 2
———
OT -xecutiveDirectors) 2]
SSE



===== page 54 =====
53

Annual Report 2019

Roles of the Directors

The Group operates an effective, streamlined governance
framework. In this framework, the Board supports the executive
team, represented by the Global Management Board, in
developing and executing the Group's strategy. Any decision
between the Board and the executive team are reached through
an open and constructive dialogue.

The Executive Directors of the Board are Euan Fraser, the Global
Chief Executive Officer, and John Paton, the Chief Financial
Officer and Company Secretary. The Executive Directors have
strong knowledge of the operations of the Group, the interests
of its stakeholders, and its market and financial positions. Senior
executives below Board level attend Board meetings upon
request to present and discuss business strategy and updates.

The Non-Executive Directors of the Board have been selected
with the objectives of increasing the breadth of skills and
experience of the Board, and bringing constructive challenge to
the Executive Directors. The Non-Executive Directors are also
responsible for the effective running of the Board's committees
and ensuring that the committees support and facilitate the
strategic priorities of the Board.

At the head of the Group, there is a clear delineation of
responsibilities between the Chairman of the Board and the
Global Chief Executive Officer. The Non-Executive Chairman leads
the Board and is responsible for its governance, performance
and effectiveness. It includes ensuring that the dynamics of the
Board are functional and productive, and that no individual
Director dominates discussion or decision making. In this role,
the Chairman sets the tone for the Company and ensures that
the links between the Board and the executive team, as well as
between the Board and the shareholders, are strong and effective.
Meanwhile, the Global Chief Executive Officer is responsible for
the day-to-day management of the Group's global operations,”
for proposing the strategic focuses to the Board and for
implementing the strategic goals agreed by the Board.

The Company has effective procedures in place to identify,
monitor and manage any conflicts of interest. The Board continues
to monitor the scope and volume of activities performed by the
Company-Secretary and is comfortable that it is performed as
part of another primary role (Chief Financial Officer). The Board.
has also reviewed the responsibilities of each of these roles
and is confident that they do not present a conflict of interest.

Committees of the Board

In order to fulfil the Group's objectives and facilitate effective
decision making, the Board has established the following
committees, each with delegated responsibilities and duties:

* An Audit Committee to monitor the quality of the Group's
internal controls, to maintain the relationship with the
external auditor and to ensure that the financial performance
of the Group is properly measured and reported on;

* ARemuneration Committee to review the performance of the
Executive Directors, the Chairman and the senior executive
team, and make recommendations to the Board on matters
relating to their remuneration and terms of service; and

* ANomination Committee to review regularly the composition
and succession planning of the Board, and to lead the process
for Board appointments.

Areport on the role, composition and key activities of the
individual committees is set out on pp 64-73. From time to
time, separate committees may be set up by the Board to
consider and address specific issues or objectives, when the
need arises.

Length of
Benue)



===== page 55 =====
54

Annual Report 2019

Corporate Governance

Governance Framework continued

Board Effectiveness

The objectives of the Board are to review, formulate and approve
the Group's strategy, budgets and key corporate activities, and
to oversee the Group's progress towards its goals. The Group
has a process for evaluating the performance of the Board, of
its committees and of the Directors individually in respect of
these objectives.

Since the appointment of Ken Fry as Chairman, he has assessed
the Board as a whole to ensure that it is functioning in an
efficient and productive manner. During FY 19, the Board carried
out a full, formal evaluation of its performance. This evaluation
was carried out internally.

The evaluation criteria included Board composition and skills,
strategy and performance, governance and organisation, Board
dynamics, and communication with shareholders and key
stakeholders. The Board also appraised its members individually,
the scope of which included their skills, experience and
capabilities, and any additional responsibilities, such as
chairing or membership of the Board’s committees. The Board
evaluation was based upon self-assessment by the Chairman
and Directors.

The annual appraisal is carried out by the Chairman with
reference to the competencies set out by the Nomination
Committee pursuant to each Board role. As part of this process,
any training and personal development needs are identified.
The Chairman is also subject to appraisal; that process is
managed by a Chairman Appraisal Group comprising the Global
Chief Executive Officer and the Company Secretary. An external
evaluation using an independent adviser may be performed in
‘subsequent years, if required.

The conclusions from the FY 19 Board evaluation confirmed
that the Board continues to function effectively as a unit and

in committees, and that the Directors discharge their duties
adequately. On the topic of Board composition, the Directors
agreed that, as the business grows in scale and complexity,
they will keep under review the addition of another Non-Executive
Director. The process also confirmed that the Board is committed
to continuously enhancing its effectiveness and identified some
minor process formalisations to support this objective.

The Group believes that the selection, onboarding and
development of Directors underpins its ability to perform to

its objectives and ensures an effective Board. The Nomination
Committee oversees the identification and selection of Directors
that are equipped with the correct range of experience,
knowledge, integrity and ethics; and makes recommendations
for maintaining an appropriate balance of skills on the Board.
The Nomination Committee may also use the results of the
evaluation process when reviewing the composition of the Board
for selecting any new Board members, and in succession
planning for the Directors of the Board as well as key executive
team members.

Board Operations

The Board is required to meet at least six times a year and,
during the financial year, nine Board meetings took place.

The Directors are fully encouraged to attend all meetings of the
Board, and the committees on which they sit, and have agreed
to allocate sufficient time to the Group as is needed to enable
them to carry out their responsibilities as Directors. All Board
members attended all meetings to which they were invited.

The time commitment required of all Non-Executive Directors
is currently three days per month, while the Executive Directors
are committed on a full-time basis. The Board is satisfied that
each of the Directors can dedicate sufficient time to the Group's
business and can fultil the obligations fully. The Board and
committee schedules are planned in advance of the financial
year ahead, in order to facilitate attendance and ensure that
the appropriate discussion time is available. A record of the
number of meetings of the Board during FY 19, and the
attendance by each Board member is provided on the right:


===== page 56 =====
55

Annual Report 2019

Board member Eligible to attend Attendance
Ken Fry (Chairman) 9 9
Euan Fraser 9
Penny Judd 9 9
Nick Kent 9 9
John Paton 9 9

The Board has an agenda of regular business, financial and
operational matters for discussion, as well as a review of each
of the Board committee's areas of work.

The key activities of the Board meetings during the year
included the following:

Discussed and reviewed progress of strategic priorities;

Continued an open dialogue with the investor community;

* Approved the financial reporting, including interim and
full-year results;

* Discussed the Group's capital structure and financial strategy:

* Reviewed the progress of key client relationships and
engagements across the Group;

* Considered financial and non-financial policies, including
the risk policy;

* Reviewed the Group's risk assessments; and

Discussed the corporate governance processes.

The Chairman, aided by the Company Secretary, is responsible
for ensuring that the Directors receive accurate and timely
information for the Board meeting. The Company Secretary
provides minutes of each meeting and every Director is aware
of the right to have any concerns documented. In addition, the
Company Secretary ensures that any feedback or suggestions
for improvement of the Board papers are documented and
evaluated for amendment or enhancement with respect to
future meetings of the Board.

Throughout the year, the Directors have direct access to the
advice and services of the Company Secretary and may, in order
to fulfil their duties, take independent advice at the Company's
expense. The Board members may seek the advice of the
Group's legal advisers, external auditor and the Nominated
Adviser (NOMAD) on matters within the Board or the committee's
terms of reference, or to provide recommendations on specific
corporate or governance events, such as the Group's application
of the QCA Code in the last financial year.

An effective corporate

governance framework is key
to reducing risk, adding value
to the business and bringing

long-term benefits to the

Group's shareholders. It is the.
Board's responsibility to oversee
and optimise that framework.



===== page 57 =====
56

Annual Report 2019

Corporate Governance

Governance Framework continued

Board Structure

Alpha Board

‘Agrees Group strategy

Oversees progress towards strategic goals

‘Shareholder and stakeholder engagement

Chairman of the Board

Leadership of the Board
Reviews performance of the Board Directors

Ensures corporate governance

°

Global
Managment Board

°

Audit
Committee

Management of
business operations

Ensures offective systems
of internal contro!

Execution of strategy ‘Oversees the Group's

financial reporting

Appoints the external auditor

°

Nomination
Committee

Reviews Board composition

and balance of skills

‘Leads the process for
Board appointments

Ensures appropriate

°

Remuneration
Committee

‘Agroes Group remuneration policies

Ensures operation of
transparent, simple and
effective incentive schemes

Considers alignment of reward

succession planning with tong-term shareholder value
I ; I
Global Chief Chief Financial | Chief Commercial | Chief Marketing

Executive Officer Officer Officer Officer

Chief Operating Chief Executive Chief Executive Chief Executive
Officer & Officer, UK Officer, Europe Officer, US
Chief Executive
Officer, ADS

. Key:

e Executive .



===== page 58 =====
aS
aie

iaDaerte
2

j
i

ents sks 05: A ARERR NS eerenpatener oo ener |

“Alpha's history
_of delivery has
been excellent.”

Gantiey utes practi. gene: cea peut 4
“ oO
oY



===== page 59 =====
58

Annual Report 2019,

Corporate Governance

Governance Framework continued

Internal Controls and Risk Management

The Board has overall accountability for the systems of internal
control and risk management. The Audit Committee reviews
and assures the effectiveness of the Group's internal controls
and risk management on the Board’s behalf.

As part of that duty, the Board determines the Group's risk
management objectives and policies. In this respect, the objective
of the Board is to set policies that seek to reduce ongoing risk
as far as possible, without unduly affecting the Group's
competitiveness and flexibility, The Board believes that this
approach serves the interests of creating sustainable shareholder
value while also protecting the Group’s corporate culture.

The operational functions of the Group are carried out within a
practical and effective risk management framework. The Global
Management Board is responsible for identifying and managing
risk effectively, across the business. Any material operational
decisions made by the Global Management Board in this respect
are reviewed by the Board.

The identified material operational, financial and industry risks
facing the Group are also reported to the Board. A summary
of the principal risks and uncertainties, as well as mitigating
actions, are provided on pp 31-34 of the Annual Report &
Accounts 2019. The Board formally reviews and documents
the principal risks to the business at least annually.

Processes to embed risk management throughout
the Group, and opportunities to introduce further

enhancements, continue to be reviewed and
changes are implemented as appropriate.

ili he ai ad
ce

honey andd)
mix


===== page 60 =====
59

Annual Report 2019

Engagement Calendar FY 19

March-April
2018

Pre-close
investor meetings

September
2018

Annual General
Meeting

June
2018
Preliminary results

roadshow, UK
& Europe

September
2018

Private client broker
and shareholder
meetings, UK

Shareholder Communications

The Board places an emphasis on maintaining an effective
dialogue with its shareholders, which it considers to be
integral to longer term growth and success. It is committed
to communicating consistently and openly with shareholders.

The principal methods of communication are the Annual Report
& Accounts, the interim and full-year results announcements,
the AGM and the Group's investor website investors.alphafme.
com. During the year, the website is updated regularly with
information regarding the Group's governance, activities

and performance.

The Global Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
meet with the representatives of the Group’s institutional
investors as well as analysts to ensure that the Group's corporate
objectives, strategies and operational developments are clear
and understood. This includes investor roadshows, attending
investor conferences and ad-hoc meetings that are part of the
building of relationships with existing and future shareholders.

October
2018

Pre-close trading
update

March
2019

UK & European
investor conference

November
2018

Interim results
roadshow, UK

October
2018

Pre-close
investor meetings

February
2019

US investor meetings

Understanding what analysts and investors think about the
Group is an equally important component of these interactions.
The Board as a whole is kept informed of their feedback and
views by the Global Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer. This includes feedback provided by the Group's corporate
broker, Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co., following investor
meetings. The Chairman and Non-Executive Directors are also
available to meet with shareholders if required to discuss any
items of importance and, as interest in the business continues,
it is expected that the Chairman will begin to join a range
investor-related meetings.

The Company's second AGM since its AIM admission will take
place on Wednesday 4 September at Berenberg, 60 Threadneedle
Street, London EC2R 8HP. The Chairman and all the Board's
Directors will be present to answer any questions put to

them by the shareholders. All resolutions will be proposed and
voted on at the AGM meeting on an individual basis by the
shareholders or their proxies. Voting results will be announced
through the Regulatory News Service and made available on
the Company's website.

By order of the Board.
Ken Fry

Chairman
5 June 2019


===== page 61 =====
60

Annual Report 2019

Corporate Governance

Board of Directors

Ken Fry Euan Fraser John Paton
Non-Executive Chairman Global Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer and

Company Secretary
Committee Membership Committee Membership Committee Membership

©

CHAIR

Committee
Membership Key:

Member of the
Audit Committee

Member of the
Nomination Committee

Member of the
(@) Remuneration Committee

Penny Judd Nick Kent
Non-Executive Director Non-Executive Director
‘Committee Membership Committee Membership

CHAIR

CHAIR



===== page 62 =====
61

Annual Report 2019

Ken Fry
Non-Executive Chairman

Ken joined the Alpha Board in 2016, following
almost 10 years as the Global Chief Operating
Officer at Aberdeen Asset Management. He was
appointed the Board's Non-Executive Chairman in
February 2018. Ken has over 27 years’ experience
in financial services, and has considerable
experience integrating acquisitions within the
investment management industry. Ken has a strong
technology and operations background, and has
undertaken many transformational projects during
his career. He directed the integration of major
acquisitions while at Aberdeen Asset Management,
including assets acquired from Deutsche Asset
Management, Credit Suisse Asset Management
and Scottish Widows Investment Partners.

Ken keeps the skills to support and deliver the
Group's strategy up to date by maintaining a wide
network of contacts within the financial services
industry globally. He regularly attends conferences
and discussion forums to keep abreast of industry
issues and meets with a wide range of clients,
employees, advisors and institutional investors.
He also advises on M&A strategy within the
investment management and wealth industry.

Penny Judd
Non-Executive Director

Penny joined the Alpha Board as a Non-Executive
Director in February 2018, having previously held
the roles of Managing Director and EMEA Head
of Compliance at both Nomura International plc
and UBS AG. Penny has a strong public markets
and financial services background, with over 30
years’ experience in compliance, regui
Corporate finance and audit. She is also a chart
accountant and is currently Non-Executive
Chairman of PlusS00 Ltd and Non-Executive
Director and Chair of the Audit Committee for
both Trufin plc and Team17 Group plc.

Penny keeps the skills to support and deliver
the Group's strategy up to date through her
experiences gained on other listed company
boards, while also maintaining a wide network of
contacts in financial services and regulation. She
attends various conferences and events covering
relevant industry and governance matters, and
meets with a range of advisers and institutional
investors in AIM and main market compar

Euan Fraser
Global Chief Executive Officer

Euan has served as Global Chief Executive Officer
of Alpha since 2013. During this period, the
business has increased EBITDA eight-fold, and
he has led the Group through two private equity
transitions and a public listing on the London
‘Stock Exchange's AIM in 2017. Euan was previously
Chief Executive Officer of Alpha UK, starting in
April 2011, where he established both Alpha’s
MBA Integration and Operations & Outsourcing
practices. He joined Alpha in 2004 and has over
20 years’ financial services experience, having
worked at Merrill Lynch and KPMG, where he
qualified as a chartered accountant.

Euan keeps the skills to support and deliver the
Group's strategy up to date through his role as
Chief Executive Officer of a global consulting firm
operating within the financial services sector.

In this role, Euan has to understand and manage
the interests of a range of stakeholders. including
employees, clients, competitors and investors.
Euan also provides advice on M&A strategy and
maintains a number of strong relationships within
the industry.

Nick Kent
Non-Executive Director

Nick has been a Non-Executive Director of Alpha
since 2013. Nick has over 30 years’ consulting
experience, including all aspects of the asset
management business, with particular emphasis
around addressing complex operations and IT
issues. Nick has also worked extensively
internationally, including in the US, Switzerland
and the Netherlands. Nick founded Alpha in 2003,
after 14 years at Accenture, where he was a senior
partner and ran the UK Asset Management practice,

Nick keeps the skills to support and deliver the
Group's strategy up to date through an extensive
network, which he has amassed after more than
30 years’ consulting to the asset and wealth
management industry. He continues to meet with
‘a wide array of clients, competitors and other
service providers to the industry. As part of the
AIM admission, Nick attended training regarding
best practice for Non-Executive Directors of
listed companies.

John Paton

Chief Financial Officer and
Company Secretary

John joined Alpha, and the Alpha Board, in
February 2018. John is a chartered accountant
with over 24 years’ corporate finance, banking
and audit experience. He previously worked at
HSBC where, during his 11 years, he worked in
both HSBC's Global Banking & Markets and
Commercial Banking divisions, with experience
across debt and equity capital raisings and
M&A advisory. John started his career at KPMG,
working across financial services audit and risk
management. He is a member of the Institute of
Chartered Accountants of Scotland, graduated
LLB (Hons) from the University of Aberdeen and
holds an Executive MBA from the University of
Ecole Nationale des Ponts & Chaussées, France.

John keeps the necessary skills to support and
deliver the Group's strategy up to date principally
through his role as Alpha’s Chief Financial Officer.
This role brings deep knowledge of the Group’s
management, financial and operational activities,
as well as important corporate and statutory
responsibilities. John must also maintain a detailed
view of industry, financial and regulatory changes.



===== page 63 =====
62

Annual Report 2019

Corporate Governance

Meet the Director:

Penny Judd

How did you get involved with Alpha and what
are your key areas of focus as a NED at Alpha?

| was introduced to Alpha through a mutual contact at Alpha’s
broker. Alpha was a good fit for my background with a number
of key touchpoints. | am a qualified accountant who spent 10
years working for KPMG in auditing, corporate finance and
consulting roles; a background similar to several of those working
at Alpha. | have spent time in a number of investment banks and
have had oversight responsibility for the compliance function,
including the asset management parts of the business, although
my main focus has been on the investment banking side. A large
part of my career has also been in the regulation of listed
companies both as a regulator at the UK Listing Authority

and as a corporate financier at Cazenove. So, there was an
alignment for me with Alpha in terms of the experiences and
understanding that | could bring.

The attraction of Alpha for me is to be involved with a dynamic,
growing company that is at such an exciting time in its
development. The move to becoming a public company is an
enormous commitment on the part of the management but is
also a transforming moment for the company, allowing growth
and a sharing of investment, which | have always found very
fulfilling to be a part of, Alpha has an impressive management
team and a very strong culture, which makes it a great company
to be associated with.

My role at Alpha is Chair of the Audit Committee, so is focussed
on oversight of the external audit process and issuance of the
financial statements, as well as on the adequacy of internal
controls and the identification and mitigation of risks.

How has the role of NED changed in recent years?

| have been an independent NED for three years now, having
previously held executive roles in a number of different
institutions. Before moving to a portfolio NED career, my first
non-executive experience was as a governor and chair of
audit for a local university college.

I have worked with the boards of listed and unlisted companies
throughout my career and I think the NED role has come into
much greater prominence in more recent years, particularly in
financial services and given the challenges the sector has faced.
The expectations and responsibilities of NEDs has become
more defined and there is a growing body of guidance and
continuing education opportunities for those in NED roles.

| see a number of people moving into NED roles earlier in their
careers and the previous stereotype of a NED as someone at
the end of their career moving towards retirement is changing.
| do think, however, that a significant amount of executive
experience is very helpful.

What advice do you have for individuals aiming
for leadership positions in financial services?

The same advice as in any sector. | would say: take opportunities
as they arise and don’t have too fixed a view of the route you
want to take. Sometimes, unexpected opportunities can lead
to very interesting career chances. Take responsibility for
your career and let people know if you are interested in an
opportunity - don’t think that it is someone else's job to do it
for you. Invest time in building and maintaining your personal
networks. | think every role that | have taken has been due to
a connection or an introduction. It is very easy when you are
working extremely hard and building your career to neglect
this aspect, but it is invaluable.

Finally, when you are in the position to build your own teams,
recruit and promote the best people you can find and give
them responsibility and empower them. {t will make your life
so much easier!


===== page 64 =====


===== page 65 =====
64

Annual Report 2019

Corporate Governance

Audit Committee

The Audit Committee provides oversight and governance
to the Group's financial statements, its systems of internal
control and relationship with the external auditor.

Committee Governance

The Committee is chaired by Penny Judd and comprises solely
Non-Executive Directors. Its other members are Nick Kent and
Ken Fry.

The Audit Committee meets at least three times a year and has
unrestricted access to the Group's auditor. The Audit Committee
met three times during FY 19.

The auditor, KPMG LLP, is invited to attend meetings of the
Committee on a regular basis, At least once a year, the
Committee meets with the auditor without the presence of
any Executive Director in order to discuss independently the
auditor's remit and any other issues arising from the audit.

The Chief Financial Officer, John Paton, attends meetings at
the request of the Committee Chair to facilitate discussion of
the financial statements and systems of internal control.

Key Responsibilities

The purpose of the Audit Committee is to oversee the Group's
internal financial controls and risk management systems; to
recommend the interim and full-year financial results to the
Board; and to monitor the integrity of all formal reports and
announcements relating to the Company's financial performance.
In addition, the Committee is responsible for appointing the
external auditor of the Group, maintaining that relationship and
reporting the findings and recommendations of the external
auditor to the Board.

In order to execute upon its obligation to ensure that the
financial performance of the Group is properly measured and
reported on, the Committee's key responsibilities include:

.

Monitoring the integrity of the Group's financial statements,
including the annual and interim reports and other significant
announcements relating to financial performance, and
reviewing any significant reporting issues and judgements
that they contain;

‘Advising on the clarity of disclosure and information contained

in the financial reports;

* Ensuring compliance with relevant accounting standards

and reviewing the consistency of the methodology applied;

Reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of the systems

of internal control and risk management;

* Overseeing the relationship with the external auditor,
reviewing performance and advising the Board members
on the auditor's appointment and remuneration;

* Reviewing and discussing the findings of the audit with the

external auditor.

.


===== page 66 =====
65

Annual Report 2019

Activities during the Year

Following the Group’s issue of its first set of accounts as a quoted
entity last year, FY 19 was a year of good progress with the
Committee approving the Group's interim results in November
and overseeing the year-end results process, including the
audit of the FY 19 accounts.

In its responsibility to provide assurance over the Group's
control environment and risk management, there was an
‘ongoing focus on risk and controls. In the period, the Group
undertook a full review of its financial risks and controls, which
the Committee discussed and approved. This review confirmed
that the Group’s internal controls are operating adequately
and identified a small number of process improvements that
will support those controls, the adoption of which the Audit
Committee will monitor and oversee.

Alongside the audit activities, there is an ongoing process to
identify, understand and manage risks faced by the Group.

On behalf of the Board, the Committee oversees the risk
processes and risk reporting across all business units. The
Strategic Report provides further detail on the business risks
identified and the mitigating actions being taken by the Group.

External Audit

The Committee considers the appointment of, and the

fees payable to, the external auditor. An analysis of the
remuneration to the external auditor in respect of audit and
non-audit services during the year is set out in note 4 to the
consolidated financial statements.

The Committee takes into account a number of areas when
reviewing the external auditor appointment, including the
auditor's performance in discharging the audit, the scope of
the audit and terms of engagement, independence and
objectiveness. The Board is satisfied that the external auditor
remains independent in the discharge of its audit responsibilities.
The Committee also reviews the external auditor's management
letter and detailed presentations are made to the Committee
by the auditor at least twice a year. There is an active ongoing
discussion between the Committee and the auditor on any
recommendations to improve the efficiency of the audit process.

Committee Attendance

Committee member Eligible to attend Attendance
Penny Judd (Chair) 3 3
Nick Kent 3 3
Ken Fry 1 1
John Paton (previous member) 2 2



===== page 67 =====
66

Annual Report 2019

Corporate Governance

Remuneration

Committee

The Remuneration Committee makes recommendations
on matters relating to performance, remuneration and
terms of services for the Board and senior management

of the Group.

Committee Governance

The Committee is chaired by Nick Kent and comprises solely
Non-Executive Directors. Its other members are Ken Fry and
Penny Judd, who joined as the third member of the Committee
on 14 November 2018.

The Remuneration Committee meets as and when necessary,
but at least twice a year. The Remuneration Committee met
five times during FY 19.

Key Responsibilities

The Remuneration Committee formulates and recommends to
the Board the remuneration policies for Executive Directors,
the Chairman of the Board and senior management of the Group.
The objective of these policies is to:

Attract, retain and motivate employees of the quality
required to run the Group successfully;

Promote the long-term success of the Group; and

* Ensure that the performance-related elements of remuneration
form a significant, yet appropriate, proportion of the total
remuneration package and are transparent, stretching and
rigorously applied.

The Committee is also responsible for reviewing all performance-
related pay and share incentive schemes in use by the Group.
The purpose of these reviews is to ensure:

* The appropriateness of the targets and level of rewards
set; and

* That the dilution of equity arising from such schemes does
not exceed the plans defined at the point of the Group’s
admission to AIM.

Note 21 sets out further details of the shared-based payment
schemes of the Group.

Pa
£


===== page 68 =====
N

67

Annual Report 2019

Activities during the Year Committee Attendance

During the course of the year the main activities of the Committee member Eligible to attend Attendance

Committee were: Nick Kent (Chair) 5 5
Ken Fry 5 5

+ Reviewing the performance of the Executive Directors, Penny Judd 2 2

.

.

Chairman and senior management of the Group, taking into
account the achievement of FY 19 performance targets and
associated share awards, as well as the FY 20 performance
targets, potential share awards and salary increases;
Undertaking a benchmark exercise of remuneration in AIM
companies of a similar size, and that of competitor
companies based upon information available in the public
domain. The Committee did not consider it necessary to
engage any external studies during the year;

Reviewing and authorising minor changes to share scheme
documentation and standardising performance criteria for
the senior management of the Group;

Assessing the effectiveness and appropriateness of the
remuneration policy in the light of the overall performance
of the business in FY 19 and future growth plans; and
Reviewing the QCA Remuneration Committee Guide for
Small and Mid-Sized Quoted Companies, together with
other regulations’ guidelines, to ensure that the
Company provides clear and transparent
remuneration information to shareholders, and is
adopting good corporate governance practice.



===== page 69 =====
68

Annual Report 2019

Corporate Governance

Remuneration Committee continued

Remuneration Policy

Based on the activities undertaken as described on pp 66-67,
the Committee considers that the remuneration policy put in
place at the time of AIM admission, together with the targets
and awards as updated during the year, are appropriate for the
business going forwards.

The Committee considers that this balance of fixed and
variable pay aligns well with the Group's growth objectives
and risk policy.

Key elements of remuneration of the Executive Directors and senior management of the Group

Base Salary
performance of the individual

Base salary is reviewed annually and takes account of the responsi

lities, experience and

Pensions and Benefits
ancillary benefits

Contribution to a defined contribution pension scheme, maternity/patemity pay and other

Share Incentives

As part of its AIM admission, the Group put in place a management incentive plan under which

selected individuals are awarded share options at nominal value, but with performance criteria
that align their interests with those of shareholders. The performance criteria are described below

Performance Criteria

The criteria for the award of share incentives to the Executive
Directors and senior management of the Group are four-fold,
depending on the individual and their role:

1. The Group achieving adjusted EPS growth of 15% or more
to trigger a maximum award, or 10% to trigger a 66% award,
with a linear application of awards between these levels;

. The Group achieving a total shareholder return (“TSR”) over
three years in excess of the mean TSR delivered by a peer
group of comparable companies;

. Personal adherence to corporate values and risk policy;

|. Specific business unit EBITDA, or other personal targets
and goals.

i

ae

The criteria will be applied by the Committee in assessing an
individual's performance, as relevant. The Committee believes
that the substantial equity awards available under the
management incentive plan, up to a maximum of 10% dilution
of the issued share capital over three years, are an important
element of remuneration and motivate the Group's senior
management to drive the business forward and deliver the
planned growth over the long term. The Committee considers
that the performance criteria selected relate closely to the
Group's key performance indicators.



===== page 70 =====
69

Annual Report 2019

Performance for the Year

The performance of the Group since AIM admission, and over
the course of FY 19, as described in the Chairman's, the Global
Chief Executive Officer’s and the Chief Financial Officer's reports
on pp 2-4, 5-9 and 86-89 respectively, has been very pleasing.
The Group has met or exceeded both Company projections
and market expectations; in particular, exceeding the 15% EPS
growth target.

Consequently, the majority of individuals’ bonus and share
incentive performance criteria have been met for FY 19.
However, as all share awards have three-year performance
conditions, none of the options have vested at this point.

The Committee expects that, should the current performance
trajectory continue, the majority (if not all) of equity dilution
related to the equity awards and planned at the time of AIM
admission, that is approximately 3.33%, will occur in due
course. This projection includes the smaller quantum awards
granted to all employees of the Group.

Non-Executive Directors’ Fees
The Chairman of the Board and the two Non-Executive Directors
receive an annual fee for their services, which is reflective of

their level of experience, knowledge and responsibility.

The fees payable to the Non-Executive Directors are reviewed
and benchmarked annually.

Policy for the Remuneration of Employees

The Board recognises the vital importance of attracting and
retaining the highest calibre of consultants, and strongly supports
the management's remuneration policy for employees. All
employees receive a fixed salary that is competitive with the
market; a profit share scheme that is a team-based cash bonus
based upon achieving financial targets; and a progressive
benefits package. In addition, the Group makes a nominal
equity award to all employees on joining. The Board believes
that this structure provides a compelling remuneration package
that reinforces teamwork, aligns the employees with the Group's
objectives and helps to promote a feeling of ownership among
all employees.

Note 21 sets out further the details of the employee incentive plan.



===== page 71 =====
70

Annual Report 2019

Corporate Governance

Remuneration Committee continued

Summary of Directors’ Remuneration

The table has been audited and below represents the Directors’ remuneration for the years ended 31 March 2019 and 31 March 2018:

Salary Bonus Pension 2019 2018

£000 £0005 £0005 £0005 £000s
Evan Fraser 530 - 5 584 511
John Paton 195 50 2 249 20
Ken Fry 65 - - 65 30
Penny Judd 50 - - 50 4
Nick Kent 50 = 1 St St
Total 890 50 8 999 616
Awards of Equity

There were limited awards of equity in the period 1 April 2018 to 31 March 2019 as the shares awarded at AIM admission covered
the 18-month period up to 31 March 2019. The following table has been audited and sets out the Directors’ share interests and

awards during FY 19:

Number of 0.00075p Number of un-vested ‘Number of share options ‘Share Price of

Ordinary Shares Held ‘Share Options Held awarded in 2019 2019 Grant

Euan Fraser 1,356,081 250,000 - -

John Paton? 37,639 54,133 22,883 £2.19

Ken Fry 34,090 - - -

Penny Judd - - - -

Nick Kent 995,520 - - =
Total 2,423,330 304,133 22,883

# The share award and bonus payment to John Paton follows the successful completion of his probationary period


===== page 72 =====
71

Annual Report 2019

Directors’ Service Agreements

The Executive Directors entered into service agreements with
the Company on the following dates:

Date of
Director Service Agreement Term Notice period
Euan Fraser 5 October 2017 Indefinite 6 months

John Paton 28 February 2018 Indefinite 6 months

The Non-Executive Directors do not have service agreements;
however, their letters of appointment provide that their tenure
of office has an initial period of three years, and will continue
until terminated by the Non-Executive Director or the Company
‘on giving to the other three months’ prior written notice. Each
Non-Executive Director is typically expected to serve for two
three-year terms; but may by invited by the Board to service
for an additional period.

Director Date of Office _Initial Period Notice period
Ken Fry 5 October 2017 3 years 3 months
Penny Judd 28 February2018 = 3years._~— 3months
Nick Kent S October 2017 3 years__ 3 months

By order of the Board.

Nick Kent
Chair of the Remuneration Committee
5 June 2019



===== page 73 =====
72

Annual Report 2019

Corporate Governance

Nomination Committee

The Nomination Committee leads the process for
Board appointments and making recommendations
to the Board about its composition.

Committee Governance

The Committee is chaired by the Chairman of the Board, Ken
Fry; its other members are Penny Judd and Euan Fraser.

In the event that the matter under discussion is the Chair's own
succession, the Committee will be chaired by an independent
Non-Executive Director.

The Nomination Committee meets as and when necessary.
but at least twice a year. The Nomination Committee met two
times during FY 19.

Key Responsibilities

The purpose of the Nomination Committee is to keep under
review the structure, size and composition of the Board, as
well as succession planning for the Directors. It leads the
process for identifying and nominating, for approval by the
Board, candidates to fill Board and committee vacancies.

In accordance with its Terms of Reference, the Committee
develops and maintains a rigorous and transparent approach
for recommending appointments and reappointments to the
Board. Its primary responsibilities in this area include:

* Regularly reviewing the structure, size and composition of
the Board to ensure that it has an appropriate balance of
skills, independence, knowledge, experience and diversity;

* Considering succession planning for the Board Directors and
senior executives, taking into account the challenges and
opportunities facing the Company and wider Group, along
with skills and expertise that may be required in the future;

Identifying and nominating for approval by the Board
candidates to fill Board vacancies as and when they arise;
Ensuring the necessary due diligence and conflicts of interest
checks have been undertaken before an appointment is made;
Monitoring whether satisfactory induction is provided to
new Directors regarding their knowledge of the Group,

and their Board and committee responsibilities; and

‘* Reviewing the results of the Board evaluation process and
ensuring that the conclusions are captured and actioned
where necessary.

Activities during the Year

One of the Committee's principal roles is to ensure that the
Group has appropriate succession planning in place. During
the year, the Nomination Committee discussed contingency
and succession plans for the members of the Board. This will
remain an ongoing focus area.

As part of the Board’s commitment to maintaining a strong
corporate governance framework, the Committee reviewed
the approach to, and results of, the Board's performance
evaluation process. Following that review, the Committee
continues to believe that the Board, its sub-committees and
the Directors individually operate an optimal structure to secure
future growth while protecting the Group's unique culture.

Other key activities included assessing the composition of the
committees, which led to the Board approving a number of
governance changes. Penny Judd joined the Remuneration
Committee and Ken Fry joined the Audit Committee, with
John Paton stepping down from the Audit Committee in order
that it comprises solely Non-Executive Directors.


===== page 74 =====
73

Annual Report 2019

Diversity

In executing its duties, the Nomination Committee objectively
considers candidates on merit and with due regard for the
benefits of diversity, including gender diversity, on the Board.

Alpha is an equal opportunities employer and the Group's
policy is to ensure that all employees, or those seeking
employment, are treated fairly. This policy applies at Board
level and across the Group widely, All decisions relating to
recruitment, selection and promotion are made objectively
regardless of race, ethnicity, nationality, gender, sexual
orientation, religious belief, political opinion, age or
disability. The Nomination Committee is able to
monitor the implementation of the Group's policy
through the activities of the Diversity & Inclusion
programme, which is described in the Corporate
Social Responsibility report on pp 44-45.

Committee Attendance

Commitiee member Eligibieto attend Altendance
Ken Fry (Chair) 2 2
Euan Fraser 2 2
Penny Judd 2 2



===== page 75 =====
74

Annual Report 2019

Corporate Governance

Directors’ Report

The Directors present their Annual Report and the audited
consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets
Consutting pic (the “Company”, the “Group”), registered number
09965297, for the year ended 31 March 2019.

The Company was incorporated on 22 January 2016 and began
trading on 3 February 2016 on the acquisition of Alpha FMC Group
Holdings Limited. The registered office is 60 Gresham Street,

The Directors believe that the requisite components of this

report are set out elsewhere in the Annual Report and/or on
the Company's website, investors.alphafmc.com. The table
sets out where the necessary disclosures can be found.

London EC2V 7BB.

Principal Activities

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ple is the holding company for a global group of companies,
the principal activity of which is the provision of consulting and related services to clients in the
asset and wealth management industry.

Areview of the performance and future development of the Group's business is contained in the
Chairman's, the Global Chief Executive Officer's and the Chief Financial Officer's
reports on pp 2-4, 5-9 and 86-89 respectively.

Results

The financial results for the year ended 31 March 2019 are set out in the Chief Financial Officer's
report on pp 86-89, in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income on p. 84
and further commented upon in the Global Chief Executive Officer's report on p 9.

The Directors consider the current state of affairs of the Group to be satisfactory.

Dividends

Information regarding dividend payments can be found in the notes to the consolidated
financial statements on p. 107.

Articles of Association

A copy Of the full Articles of Association are available upon written request from the
Company Secretary.

Directors

Directors that have served during the year and summaries of the current Directors’ key skills
and experience are set out in the Corporate Governance report on pp 60-61.

Directors’ Interests

Details of the Directors’ beneficial interests are set out in the Remuneration report on p. 70.

Qualifying Third-Party Indemnities

The Company may indemnify a Director against all losses and liability that they may sustain in
the execution of the duties of their office, except to the extent that such an indemnity is not
permitted by sections 232 or 234 of the Companies Act. Subject to section 205(2) to (4) of the
Companies Act, the Company may provide a Director with funds to meet his expenditure in
defending any civil or criminal proceedings brought or threatened against him or her in relation
to the Company. The Company may also provide a Director with funds to meet expenditure
incurred in connection with proceedings brought by a regulatory authority.

Share Capital

Details of the issued share capital, together with movements in the Company's issued share
capital during the year, are shown in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on
p. 93 and note 20 to the consolidated financial statements.

‘The Company has only one class of ordinary share, which carries no right to fixed income and
each ordinary share is entitled to one vote at general meetings of the Company.



===== page 76 =====
75

Annual Report 2019

Major Interests in Shares

In accordance with the Financial Conduct Authority's Disclosure and Transparency Rules,
following the above the Company has 101,974,874 Ordinary Shares in issue, 387,740 of which
are held in treasury. The total number of voting rights in the Company is 101,110,928.

On 31 March 2019, the Company was aware or had been notified, in accordance with chapter
five of the Disclosure and Transparency Rules, of the following voting rights as a shareholder
of the Company:

Name of person(s) Percentage of voting rights
‘subject of notification and issued share capital
Janus Henderson Investors 8.21
Merian Global Investors 744
Fidelity International 6.59
JP Morgan Asset Management 6.42
M&G Investment Management 5.06
SVM Asset Management 4.58
Nordea Asset Management 4.51
Danske Capital 4.22
Aberdeen Standard Investments 3.95
Schroder Investment Management 3.73
Jupiter Asset Management 3.54
Aviva Investors 3.27

Financial Risk Management

‘The Group has established internal control and risk management structures in relation to the
process for preparing the consolidated financial statements. The key features of this framework
are described in the Strategic Report and in notes 23 and 24 of the notes to the consolidated
financial statements.

Going Concem

The Directors have considered the going concern status of the Company and are satisfied
that the Company remains a going concern. Details of the going concer basis are set out in
note-1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. Further commentary can be
found in the Chief Financial Officer's report on pp 86-89.

Disclosure of Information
to Auditor

In the case of each of the persons who are Directors of the Company at the date when this report
was approved:

So far as each of the Directors is aware, there is no information relevant to the audit of which the
Company's auditor is unaware; and

Each of the Directors have taken all the steps that he or she ought to have taken as a Director
to make him or herself aware of any information relevant to the audit and to establish that the
Company's auditor is aware of that information.

Auditor The auditor, KPMG LLP, has indicated its willingness to continue in office and a resolution
seeking to reappoint KPMG LLP as the Group's auditor will be proposed at the AGM.
Post Balance Sheet Events There are no post balance sheet events to be disclosed.

Annual General Meeting

Details of the forthcoming AGM can be found on p. 59 of the Corporate Governance report.



===== page 77 =====
76

Annual Report 2019

Corporate Governance

Directors’ Report continued

Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities

The Directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report,
and the Group and parent company financial statements in
accordance with applicable law and regulations,

Company law requires the Directors to prepare Group and
parent company financial statements for each financial year.
As necessitated by AIM Rules of the London Stock Exchange,
they are required to prepare the Group financial statements in
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
as adopted by the EU (IFRSs as adopted by the EU) and
applicable law, and have elected to prepare the parent company
financial statements on the same basis.

Under company law, the Directors must not approve the financial
statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and
fair view of the state of affairs of the Group and parent company
and of their profit or loss for that period. In preparing each of
the Group and parent company financial statements, the
Directors are required to:

* Select suitable accounting policies and then apply
them consistently;

* Make judgements and estimates that are reasonable,
relevant and reliable;

* State whether they have been prepared in accordance
with IFRSs as adopted by the EU;

* Assess the Group and parent company’s ability to continue
as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters
related to going concern; and

* Use the going concern basis of accounting unless they
either intend to liquidate the Group or the parent company
or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but
to do so.

The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting
records that are sufficient to show and explain the parent
company's transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy
at any time the financial position of the parent company, and
enable them to ensure that its financial statements comply
with the Companies Act 2006. They are responsible for such
internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the
preparation of financial statements that are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have general
responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to
them to safeguard the assets of the Group and to prevent and
detect fraud and other irregularities.

Under applicable law and regulations, the Directors are also
responsible for preparing a Strategic Report and a Report of
the Directors that complies with that law and those regulations.

The Directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity
of the corporate and financial information included on the
company's website. Legislation in the UK governing the
preparation and dissemination of financial statements may
differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.

The Directors’ Report comprising pp 74-76 of the Annual
Report has been approved by the Board of Directors of Alpha
Financial Markets Consulting plc.

By order of the Board.
John Paton

Chief Financial Officer & Company Secretary
5 June 2019


===== page 78 =====
‘Alpha has one
lof the highest
quality of people
I have seen.”

££ Chief Operating Officer, investor services firm

.

ss

77

Annual Report 2019



===== page 79 =====
78

Annual Report 2019

Corporate Governance

Independent Auditor's

Report

1. Our opinion is unmodified

We have audited the financial statements of Alpha Financial
Markets Consulting pic (the “Company”, the “parent company")
for the year ended 31 March 2019, which comprise the
consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated
statement of financial position, consolidated statement of cash
flows, consolidated statement of changes in equity, Company
statement of financial position, Company statement of cash flows,
Company statement of changes in equity, and the related notes,
including the accounting policies in note 1.

In our opinion:

* The financial statements give a true and fair view of the
state of the Group's and of the parent company’s affairs
as at 31 March 2019 ahd of the Group's profit for the year
then ended;

* The Group financial statements have been properly
prepared in accordance with International Financial
Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union
(IFRSs as adopted by the EU);

* The parent company financial statements have been properly
prepared in accordance with IFRSs as adopted by the EU
and as applied in accordance with the provisions of the
Companies Act 2006; and .

* The financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International
Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)") and applicable law.
Our responsibilities are described below. We have fulfilled

our ethical responsibilities under, and are independent of the
Group in accordance with, UK ethical requirements including
the FRC Ethical Standard as applied to listed entities. We believe
that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and
appropriate basis for our opinion.

Overview

Materiality: £0.6m (2018:£0.5m)
a nancial 4.8% (2018: 4.6%)
a le of Group Profit before Tax
Coverage 98% (2018:99%)
of Group Profit before Tax
Key audit matters vs 2018
Recurring risks Revenue recognition in the >
appropriate period, recognition of
accrued income and existence of
trade receivables at the year end
Parent company: Recoverability <>

of investments in subsidiaries and
intercompany debtors

2. Key audit matters: including
our assessment of risks of
material misstatement

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional
judgement, were of most significance in the audit of the
financial statements and include the most significant assessed
risks of material misstatement (whether or not due to fraud)
identified by us, including those which had the greatest effect
‘on: the overall audit strategy; the allocation of resources in the
audit; and directing the efforts of the engagement team. We
summarise below the key audit matters in arriving at our audit
opinion above. These matters were addressed in the context
of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in
forming our opinion thereon and we do not provide a Separate
Opinion on these matters.


===== page 80 =====
79

Annual Report 2019

The risk Our response

Revenue recognition in Manipulation of revenue recognition
the appropriate period, on contracts around their year end:
Hoe hihad penal For the majority of contracts, billing is on a time
poivailuleacane shai and materials basis. There is a risk that revenue
the woarond might be manipulated such that it does not reflect
ye hours worked and the services provided and in
, particular that accrued income and trade receivables
serene recorded at the year end do not exist.

2018: £17.8m million
Accrued income
£1.5 million;

Our procedures included:

* Tests of detail: we have performed tests of

detail, which comprised:

1. Selection of a sample of items included
in trade receivables at 31 March 2019
and vouching: amounts recorded to
invoices; that hours recorded on the
invoice match timesheet records; and
that contracts with the customer are in
place for the work performed,

2018: £3.3 million) 2. Selection of a sample of items included
in accrued income at 31 March 2019
Refer to p. 94 (accounting and vouching; that amounts accrued
policy) and p. 102 (note 2) agree to hours recorded on timesheet
and p. 112 (note 15) records that have not been invoiced;
(financial disclosures). that contracts with the customer are in
place for the work performed; and that
amounts accrued have been invoiced
post year end.
3. Challenging the recoverability of trade
receivables and acctued income as at
31 March 2019 by reference to a sample
of credit notes after the year end.
Recoverability of Low risk, high value Our procedures included:
vestments _ The carrying amount of the parent company’s * Test of detail: Compared the carrying

; investments in subsidiaries and intercompany
intercompany debtors debtors represents 100% (2018: 100%) of the

Company's total assets. Their recoverability is
(€1.3m and £110.3m, not at a high risk of significant misstatement or
2018: £1.3m and £92.4m) at a high risk of sig

subject to significant judgement. However, due
to their materiality in the context of the parent
company financial statement, this is considered
tobe the area that had the greatest effect on our
overall parent company audit.

Refer to p. 94 (accounting
policy) and p. 112 (note 16)
and p. 117 (note 23)
{financial disclosures).

amount of 100% of investments of the
total investment balance with the relevant
subsidiaries’ draft balance sheets to
identify whether their net assets, being an
approximation of their minimum
recoverable amount, were in excess of
their carrying amount and assessing
whether those subsidiaries have
historically been profit-making.

Assessing subsidiary audits: Considering
the results of our audit work on the profits
and net assets of those subsidiaries.



===== page 81 =====
80

Annual Report 2019,

Corporate Governance

Independent Auditor's Report continued

3. Our application of materiality and an
overview of the scope of our audit

Materiality for the Group financial statements as a whole was
set at £0.6m, determined with reference to a benchmark of
Group profit before tax of which it represents 4.8% (2018
4.6% of normalised Group profit before tax}. Materiality for the
parent company financial statements as a whole was set at
£0.475m (2018: £0.15m), determined with reference to a
benchmark of Company gross assets of £111.7m (2018:
£93.9m), of which it represents 0.4% (2018:0.2%). We agreed
to report to the Audit Committee any corrected or uncorrected
identified misstatements exceeding £0.03m (2018: £0.025m),
in addition to other identified misstatements that warranted
reporting on qualitative grounds. Of the Group’s 15 (2018: 15)
reporting components, we subjected 10 (2018: 10) in the UK,
France and USA (2018: UK, France and USA) to full scope
audits for Group purposes and 0 (2018: 0) to specified
risk-focussed audit procedures. We conducted reviews of
financial information (including enquiry) at a further 5 (2018: 5)
non-significant components. The component materialities
ranged from £0.275m to £0.475m (2018: £0.275m to £0.450m),
having regard to the mix of size and risk profile of the Group
across the components. The components within the scope of
‘our work accounted for the percentages described below, The
remaining 12% (2018: 10%) of total Group revenue, 2% (2018:
5%) of total profits and losses that made up Group profit before
tax and 4% (2018: 3%) of total Group assets is represented by
5 reporting components (2018: 5 components), none of which
individually represented more than 5% of any of total Group
revenue, of total profits and losses that made up Group profit
before tax or total Group assets. For these residual components,
we performed analysis at an aggregated Group level to.
re-examine our assessment that there were no significant risks
of material misstatement within these.

Group Profit before Tax
£12.5m (2018: £10.9m)

Group Materiality
£0.6m (2018: £0.5m)

£0.6m
‘Whole financial
statements materiality
(2018: £0.5m)

£0.5m

Range of materiality at 10
‘components
(£0.45m-£0.50m)

(2018: £0.275m-£0.45m)

£0.03m
Misstatements reported

“to the audit committee
(2018: £0.025m)

@ Profit before tax

@ Group materiality

4. We have nothing to report
on going concern

The Directors have prepared the financial statements on the
going concern basis as they do not intend to liquidate the
Company or the Group or to cease their operations, and as
they have concluded that the Company's and the Group's
financial position means that this is realistic. They have also
concluded that there are no material uncertainties that could
have cast significant doubt over their ability to continue as a
going concern for at least a year from the date of approval of
the financial statements (the “going concern period”).

Our responsibility is to conclude on the appropriateness of
the Directors’ conclusions and, had there been a material
uncertainty related to going concern, to make reference to
that in this Audit Report. However, as we cannot predict all
future events or conditions and as subsequent events may
result in outcomes that are inconsistent with judgements that
were reasonable at the time they were made, the absence of
reference to a material uncertainty in this Auditor's Report is
not a guarantee that the Group or the Company will continue
in operation. ,



===== page 82 =====
81

Annual Report 2019

In our evaluation of the Directors’ conclusions, we considered
the inherent risks to the Group’s and Company's business mode!
and analysed how those risks might affect the Group's and
Company's financial resources or ability to continue operations
over the going concern period. The risks that we considered
most likely to adversely affect the Group’s and Company's
available financial resources over this period were:

* The impact of Brexit on the Group's customers.

As these were risks that could potentially cast significant doubt
on the Group's and the Company's ability to continue as a going
concern, we considered sensitivities over the level of available
financial resources indicated by the Group's financial forecasts
taking account of reasonably possible (but not unrealistic)
adverse effects that could arise from these risks individually
and collectively, and evaluated the achievability of the actions
the Directors consider they would take to improve the position
should the risks materialise. We also considered less predictable
but realistic second order impacts, such as the impact of Brexit
and the erosion of customer or supplier confidence, which
could result in a rapid reduction of available financial resources.

Based on this work, we are required to report to you if we
have concluded that the use of the going concern basis of
accounting is inappropriate or there is an undisclosed material
uncertainty that may cast significant doubt over the use of that
basis for a period of at least a year from the date of approval
of the financial statements.

We have nothing to report in these respects, and we did not
identify going concern as a key audit matter.

5. We have nothing to report on the other
information in the Annual Report

The Directors are responsible for the other information presented
in the Annual Report together with the financial statements.
Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the
other information and, accordingly, we do not express an audit
opinion or, except as explicitly stated below, any form of
assurance conclusion thereon. ,

Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing
‘so, consider whether, based on our financial statements audit
work, the information therein is materially misstated or
inconsistent with the financial statements or our audit knowledge.
Based solely on that work, we have not identified material
misstatements in the other information.

Strategic Report and Directors’ Report
Based solely on our work on the other information:

* We have not identified material misstatements in the
Strategic Report and the Directors’ Report;

* In our opinion the information given in those reports for the
financial year is consistent with the financial statements; and

‘+ In our opinion those reports have been prepared in
accordance with the Companies Act 2006.

6. We have nothing to report on the
other matters on which we are
required to report by exception

Under the Companies Act 2006, we are required to report to
you if, in our opinion:

* Adequate accounting records have not been kept by the
parent company, or returns adequate for our audit have
not been received from branches not visited by us; or

* The parent company financial statements are not in agreement
with the accounting records and returns; or

* Certain disclosures of Directors’ remuneration specified by
law are not made; or

* We have not received all the information and explanations
we require for our audit.

We have nothing to report in these respects.



===== page 83 =====
82

Annual Report 2019

Corporate Governance

7. Respective responsibilities

Directors’ responsibilities

As explained more fully in their statement set out on p 76, the
Directors are responsible for: the preparation of the financial
statements, including being satisfied that they give a true and
fair view; such internal control as they determine is necessary
to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error;
assessing the Group and parent company's ability to continue
as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related
to going concern; and using the going concern basis of
accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Group
or the parent company or to cease operations, or have no
realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor's responsibilities

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to
issue our opinion in an auditor's report, Reasonable assurance
is a high level of assurance, but does not guarantee that-an
audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always
detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements
can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if,
individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected
to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis
of the financial statements.

A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the
FRC’s website at www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities.

8. The purpose of our audit work and
to whom we owe our responsibilities

This report is made solely to the Company's members, as a body,
in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act
2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might
state to the Company's members those matters that we are
required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no other
purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not
accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the
Company and the Company’s members, as a body, for our
audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Mark Flanagan

(Senior Statutory Auditor)

for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
Chartered Accountants

31 Park Row

Nottingham

NG1 6FQ

5 June 2019



===== page 84 =====
83

Annual Report 2019

pe FRY
a So aE ne
/ ine, = “ ae .
e ieee Le BY j hy a
a a}
vee Sn
New ¢

individuals, creat)
great environmgs
encourages evgs
perform to th@gpnnm

Alpha employee


===== page 85 =====
Financial Statements

86 — Chief Financial Officer's Report we _
90 Consolidated statement of comprehensive income

91 Consolidated statement of financial position

92 Consolidated statement of cash flows a

93 Consolidated statement of changes in equity

94 Notes to the consolidated financial statements

119 Company statement of financial position Cc
t

120 Company statement of cash flows

121 Company statement of changes in equity \

122 Notes to the Company financial statements

The power of
our people: to.
create e value’ _



===== page 86 =====


===== page 87 =====
86

Annual Report 2019

Financial Statements

Chief Financial
Officer’s Report

Alpha continued to internationalise, delivering growth
of 15.1% to Group revenue, 18.0% to adjusted EBITDA
and 23.0% to adjusted EPS, with improved operating
profit and adjusted EBITDA margins, while investing

in the business.

John Paton
Chief Financial Officer
5 June 2019

“Alpha has delivered

a year of good growth,
improved margins
and increased cash
generation, and we
look forward to
further progress.”

Group Results

| am pleased to report that Alpha has delivered further good
growth in its second full-year results following admission to
trading on AIM in October 2017.

Revenue

The Group has delivered a strong year of progress. Reflective
of Alpha’s successful expansion strategy, Group revenue for
FY 19 increased to £76.0m, representing a 15.1% increase on
the prior 12 months.

Alpha Europe & Asia delivered the strongest regional growth, with
improved contributions across the region; including excellent
growth in France and Switzerland, and Singapore where revenues
doubled in the year. The UK, Alpha's largest geography, also
grew over 10% on the strong prior year, enjoying a better first
than second half this year, having normalised consultant
utilisation levels from the start of the year and witnessing some
political uncertainty impacts pre March on client decision making.
The US business consolidated its progress, adding new
clients and strengthening the team; and while lower utilisation
reduced margins, Alpha US continues to be well positioned.


===== page 88 =====
87%

Annual Report 2019,

12months to 12 months to

31 March 2019 31 March 2018 Change
Revenue £76.0m £66.0m 15.1%
Gross Profit £29.1m £25.3m 15.1%
Adjusted EBITDA £16.5m £14.0m 18.0%
Adjusted Operating Profit £16.2m £13.7m 18.6%
Operating Profit £12.6m £8.6m 46.9%
Net Cash Flow from Operations £16.4m £11.3m 44.4%

Alpha’s growth has been driven by continuing strong demand
in its established practices, including Front Office, Distribution,
M&A Integration and Operations & Outsourcing, as well as.
progress in newer practices, including Digital and Regulatory
Compliance. Alpha‘s growth is supported by further investment.
in the global consultant headcount, with the number of
consultants (including contractors) reaching 362 by the year
end (March 2018: 305).

Group Profitability

The Group also increased its profits. Gross profit rose to
£29.1m (FY 18: £25.3m), maintaining Group gross profit
margin at 38.3% (FY 18: 38.3%), which reflects a combination
of target consultant utilisation levels and continued investment
in the business, offset by margin benefit from consultancy mix,
headcount growth and the timing of some prior year accruals.

Group overhead costs, before the adjusting items detailed in
note 5 of the consolidated financial statements, increased
11.6% in the year to £12.6m (FY 18: £11.3m). This change
includes increased recruitment spend required to deliver
consultant headcount growth, additional support to the Group
management team, technology improvement spend, new
office space, other staff related costs and professional fee
increases from Alpha’s first full year of being a publicly quoted
company. Including these adjusting items, total overhead
costs reduced slightly to £16.5m (FY 18: £16.7m).

The Group also reported £16.5m adjusted EBITDA (FY 18: £14.0m),
representing an increase of 18.0% on the prior year. Adjusted
EBITDA margin also edged higher to 21.7% (FY 18: 21.2%).
Adjusted operating profit increased to £16.2m (FY 18: £13.7m).

Total Group operating profit increased 46.9% to £12.6m

(FY 18: £8.6m) after charging depreciation, intangible amortisation
costs, one-off costs and other non-operational items. Adjusted
EBITDA excludes these expense items to give better clarity on
the underlying performance of the Group. These cost adjustments,
which are detailed in note 5 of the consolidated financial
statements, reduced to £3.6m (FY 18: £5.1m) due to the
comparative period also including AIM admission, acquisition
and previous restructuring costs. The share-based payment
charge increased in the current year reflecting a full year
charge, including relevant social security costs, new awards
and updated valuation assumptions. Please see notes 5 and
21 for further details.

Currency

Currency translation had a minimal impact on both sales and
profits in FY 19, as a result of a flat average sterling, against
key currencies. in the year, sterling averaged $1.32 (FY 18: $1.32)
and €1.13 (FY 18: €1.13). Currency translation immaterially
increased FY 19 sales by £0.04m (0.05%). :


===== page 89 =====
88

Annual Report 2019

Financial Statements

Chief Financial Officer's Report continued

Net Finance Expense

Net finance costs decreased significantly in the year to £0.05m
(FY 18: £7.1m), representing the first full financial year since
Alpha's admission to AIM, when the Group repaid or converted
to equity all of its previous private equity-related debt. Since
its admission to AIM, the Group has operated with a net

cash position.

Taxation

The Group's tax charge was £3.3m (FY 18: £1.9m). The effective
tax rate reduced as prior year limits on tax deductibility of interest
costs under the previous capital structure receded. The Group's
cash tax payment in the year was £2.0m (FY 18: £1.2m). Adjusted
profit after tax is shown using a blended rate of the jurisdictions
in which the Group operates to better indicate the Group's
expected ongoing tax position.

For further taxation details, see notes 9 and 10 to the
consolidated financial statements.

Acquisition Activity

Complementary bolt-on acquisitions that enhance the product
and service proposition offered to Alpha’s clients are an
important part of the Group's strategy.

In the prior year, the Group acquired 100% of the share capital
of TrackTwo, a Germany-based consulting and data solutions
business, and its product 360 SalesVista. This business, which
now forms part of the Alpha Data Solutions proposition, has
made good progress in the year, adding two new clients, and
is enjoying a strong new business pipeline. Alpha continues to
invest in the product suite to both strengthen the 360 SalesVista
technology infrastructure and add more functionality to position
the product for further opportunities and scalable growth.

Earnings per Share

Adjusted earnings per share improved 23.0% to 12.05p per
share (FY 18: 9.80p) and, after including the adjusting expense
items, the basic earnings per share is 9.05p per share

(FY 18: 0.49p loss). Adjusted diluted EPS increased 20.1% to
11.77p (FY 18: 9.80p). At the year end, 3,198,286 share
options remained outstanding and no share options vested in
the year.

Cash Flow, Statement of Financial
Position and Net Funds

The Group enjoyed strong cash generation with net cash
generated from operating activities rising to £16.4m

(FY 18: £11.3m). This represents a 101% adjusted cash
conversion rate from adjusted operating profit, improving on
the FY 18 adjusted cash conversion rate of 83%, which
reflects an increased working capital focus throughout the
year and improving internal process rigour around timely
debtor collection.

The Group's income tax paid totalled £2.0m (FY 18: £1.2m).
Deferred consideration for TrackTwo of €1.1m was paid in the
year, having paid the initial consideration in the prior year. The
increase in capital expenditure in the year reflects investment
in Allpha's 360 SalesVista product. The prior year's cash flow
also reflects the equity proceeds raised on admission to AIM
and repayment of the Group's outstanding debt.

Net cash interest paid reduced to £0.05m (FY 18: £5.5m),
reflecting the cost of maintaining the Group’s undrawn
revolving credit facility and net cash balances through the year.
The Group maintains a £5.0m committed revolving debt facility
that expires in October 2020, At the year cnd, the Group’s cash
position had improved significantly to £18.6m (FY 18: £9.8m).


===== page 90 =====
89

Annual Report 2019

Dividends

The Board is recommending a final dividend of 4.09p per share
(FY 18: 3.69p). If approved at the Annual General Meeting on

4 September 2019, the final dividend will be paid on 11 September
2019 to shareholders on the register on 30 August 2019.

Together with the FY 19 interim dividend of 1.91p per share,
the dividends for the year will total 6.00p per share. This is
consistent with the Group’s stated policy of paying dividends
of approximately 50% of profit after tax, which continues to be
calculated this year on an adjusted basis.

Total Shareholders’ Funds

Total shareholders’ funds increased to £89.1m (March 2018:
£82.7m). The changes in equity reserves reflect the retained
profit after tax for the year, currency movements on overseas.
asset and goodwill values, the addition of further share-based
payment reserves, equity settled consideration and the payment
of dividends. At 31 March 2019, the Company had 101,974,874
ordinary shares in issue, of which 387,740 shares were held

in treasury.

Risk Management and the Year Ahead

The Group delivered a good financial performance in FY 19
and ended the year with a strong balance sheet.

Although some uncertainty exists in our political and market
environments, the Group’s risk management approach includes
regular monitoring of macro-economic and end-market conditions
and assessing the potential impacts across all business areas.
In the risk management framework, which has been reviewed
during the year, the executive team, including myself as Chief
Financial Officer and the Global Chief Executive Officer, has
primary responsibility for keeping abreast of developments that

may affect the implementation of the Group's strategy and
financial performance. This entails identifying the appropriate
mitigating actions that should be taken and ensuring, as far as
possible, that those actions are then executed by the senior
management team. The Board as a whole oversees risk and,
within that framework, considers the material risks that the
Group faces and agrees the principal risks and uncertainties.
Alpha has a set of core company values, which are embedded
globally, that reflect the Group's ethical and responsible
approach to operating and managing the business.

While cognizant of potential macro-economic risks and the
competitive environment, the Group has ongoing demand and
opportunities where it can support both existing and new clients
into the new financial year. The Group has continued to invest
and innovate, developing Alpha’s service offerings while
continuing to expand internationally, which should position
Alpha well for the year ahead.

The Board has considered all of the above factors in its
review of going concern and has been able to conclude the
review satisfactorily.

Alpha has delivered a year of good growth, improved margins
and increased cash generation, and we look forward to further
progress in the year ahead,



===== page 91 =====
90

Annual Report 2019

Consolidated statement
of comprehensive income

For the year ended 31 March 2019

Year ended Year ended
31 March 201931 March 2018
Note £'000 £7000

Continuing operations
Revenue 2 75,960 66,009
Cost of sales (46,878) (40,748)
Gross profit 29,082 25,261
Administration expenses (16,510) (16,703)
Operating profit 4 12,572 8,558
Depreciation 263 297
Adjusting items 5 3,643 5114
Adjusted EBITDA 5 16,478 13,969
Finance income 8 - -
Finance expense 8 (82) (7,059)
Profit before tax 12,520 1,499
Taxation 9 (3,321) (1,941)
Profit/(loss) for the year 9,199 (442)
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 2,505 (186)
Total comprehensive income/(expense) for the year 11,704 (628)
Basic earnings/(losses) per ordinary share (p) 12 9.05 (0.49)
Diluted earnings/(losses) per ordinary share (p) 12 8.84 (0.49)
Adjusted basic earnings per ordinary share (p) 12 12.05 9.80
Adjusted diluted earnings per ordinary share (p) 12 11.77 9.80



===== page 92 =====
91

Annual Report 2019

Consolidated statement

of financial position
As at 31 March 2019

Restated
Year ended year ended
31 March 201931 March 2018"
Note £7000 £'000
Assets
Non-current assets
Goodwill 13 55,162 52,626
Intangible fixed assets 13 20,768 22,913
Property, plant and equipment 15 414 397
Total non-current assets 76,344 75,936
Current assets
Trade and other receivables 16 19,680 21,242
Cash and cash equivalents. 7 18,581 9,774
Total current assets 38,261 31,016
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables 18 (21,786) (20,621)
Total current liabilities (21,786) (20,621)
Net current assets 16,475 10,395
Non-current liabilities
Deferred tax provision 10 (3,193) (3,401)
Other non-current liabilities 19 (486) (277)
Total non-current liabi (3,679) (3,678)
Net assets/(liabilities) 89,140 82,653
Equity
Issued share capital 20 76 77
Share premium 89,396 89,396
Capital redemption reserve 1 -
Foreign exchange reserve 2,095 (410)
Other reserves 737 267
Retained earnings (3,165) (6,677)
Total shareholders’ equity 89,140 82,653

* Prior year restatements relate to the adoption of new accounting standard, IFRS 15 (please see note 3). The effect of adopting IFAS 15 was
immaterial as at 1 April 2017 and therefore, an opening consolidated statement of financial position as at that date has not been presented.

The notes on pp 94-118 form part of these consolidated financial statements. These financial stqtements were approved and
authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 5 June 2019. They were signed on its beh: a

Euan NB Fraser John C Paton
Global Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial a

Sen © Perea


===== page 93 =====
92

Annual Report 2019

Consolidated statement

of cash flows
For the year ended 31 March 2019

Yearended Year ended
31 March 2019 = 31 March 2018
£'000 £'000
Cash flows from operating activities:
Operating profit/(loss) for the year 12,572 8,558
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 263 297
Loss on disposal of fixed assets 6 -
Amortisation of intangible fixed assets 2,586 2,383
Share-based payment charge 436 191
Acquisition related costs 61 241
Costs relating to AIM admission - 1,621
Operating cash flows before movements in working capital 15,924 13,291
Working capital adjustments:
{Increase)/decrease in trade and other receivables 1,562 (8,839)
Increase/(decrease) in trade and other payables 878 8,107
Tax paid (1,996) (1,222)
Net cash generated from operating activities 16,368 11,337
Cash flows from investing activities:
Interest received 7 -
Acquisition of subsidiary (1,113) (1,941)
Costs relating to AIM admission - (92)
Costs relating to acquisitions - (242)
Capital expenditure (728) (243)
Net cash used in investing activities (1,841) (3,318)
Cash flows from financing activities:
Issue of ordinary share capital - 34,348
Repayment of borrowings - (33,602)
New borrowings. 7 -
Interest paid (45) (6,469)
Investor loan note interest - -
Repayment of preference shares - -
Dividends paid (6,687) (1,508)
Net cash used in financing activities (6,732) (6,231)
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 8,795 1,788
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period 9,74 8,023
Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash held 12 (7)
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period 18,581 9,774



===== page 94 =====
93

Annual Report 2019

.
Consolidated statement
of changes in equity
For the year ended 31 March 2019

Capital Foreign
Share Share redemption exchange: Other Retained
Capital premium reserve reserve reserves earnings Total
£000 £'000 ‘000 £000 £000 £'000 £'000

As at 1 April 2017 - 86 = (224) - (4,408) (4,546)
IFRS 15 adjustment - - - - - (319) (319)
As at 1 April 2017 - Restated - 86 - (224) - (4,727) (4,865)
Comprehensive income
Loss for the period - - - - - (442) (442)
Foreign exchange differences on
translation of foreign operations - - - (186) - = (186)
Transactions with owners
Shares issued (equity) 7 89,310 - - - - 89,387
Share-based payment reserves = = - - 191 - 191
Consideration to be settled in equity - - - - 76 - 76
Dividends - - - - - (1,508) (1,508)
As at 31 March 2018 ~ Restated 77 89,396 - (410) 267 (6,677) 82,653
As at 1 April 2018 77 89,396 - (410) 267 (6.677) 82,653
Comprehensive income
Profit for the period - - - - - 9,199 9,199
Foreign exchange differences on
translation of foreign operations - - - 2,505 - - 2,505,
Transactions with owners
Shares cancelled (equity) () - 1 - - - -
Share-based payment reserves - - - - 409 - 409
Consideration to be settled in equity - - - - 61 - 61
Dividends - - - - - (6,687) (6,687)
As at 31 March 2019 76 89,396 1 2,095 737 (3,165) 89,140

Share capital
Share capital represents the nominal value of share
capital subscribed.

Share premium

The share premium account is used to record the aggregate
amount or value of premiums paid when the Company's shares
are issued at a premium, net of associated share issue costs.

Capital redemption reserve

The capital redemption reserve is a non-distributable reserve
into which amounts are transferred following the redemption
or purchase of the Company's own shares.

Foreign exchange reserve

The foreign exchange reserve represents exchange differences
that arise on consolidation from the translation of the financial
statements of foreign subsidiaries.

Other reserves

The other reserves represent the cumulative fair value of the
IFRS 2 share-based payment charge to be recognised each
year and equity-settled consideration reserves.

Retained earnings :
The retained earnings reserve represents cumulative net gains
and losses recognised in the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income.



===== page 95 =====
94

Annual Report 2019,

Notes to the consolidated
financial statements

1. Basis of Preparation and Significant Accounting Policies

General information
The principal activity of the Group is the provision of consulting and related services to clients in the asset and wealth management
industry, principally in the UK, USA, Europe and Asia.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc is incorporated in England and Wales with registered number 09965297. The Company's
registered office is 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB. The Company is a public limited company and is listed on the AIM of
the London Stock Exchange.

The consolidated financial statements were authorised for issue in accordance with a resolution of the Directors on 5 June 2019.

Basis of preparation
These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as
adopted by the European Union and interpretations issued by the IFRS Interpretations Committee.

These financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost basis, except for certain financial instruments that are
measured at fair value.

The presentational currency of these financial statements and the functional currency of the Group is pounds sterling. All amounts
in these financial statements have been rounded to the nearest £1,000.

Going concern

The Directors have, at the time of approving the financial statements, a reasonable expectation that the Company and the Group
have adequate resources to continue in operation for the foreseeable future. The Group’s forecasts and projections, taking into
account reasonable possible changes in trading performance, show that the Group has sufficient financial resources, together with
assets that are expected to generate cash flow in the normal course of business. Accordingly, the Directors have adopted the
going concern basis in preparing these consolidated financial statements. See note 23 for the financial risks facing the Group.

Basis of consolidation
These financial statements consolidate the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiary undertakings as at 31 March 2019.

Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date of acquisition, being the date on which the Group obtains control, and continue
to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases. The financial statements of subsidiaries are prepared for the same
reporting period as the parent company, using consistent accounting policies.

All intra-group balances, income and expenses and unrealised gains and losses resulting from intra-group transactions are
eliminated in full.

Principal accounting policies
The principal accounting policies adopted in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set out below:

Significant judgements and estimates :
The preparation of financial information in accordance with IFRS requires management to make judgements, estimates and
assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses.


===== page 96 =====
95

Annual Report 2019

The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and various other factors that are deemed to be
reasonable under the circumstances. The results form the basis of making the judgements about carrying values of assets and
liabilities that are not apparent from other sources. Actual results can differ from these estimates.

The only judgement or estimate that has a significant impact in the year ended 31 March 2019 is noted below:

Share-based payments (see note 21)
Management have estimated the share-based payments expense under IFRS 2. In determining the fair value of share-based
payments, management have considered several internal and external factors in judging the probability that management and
employee share incentives may vest. Such judgements involve estimating a number of future performance and other factors.
The fair value calculations have been externally assessed for reasonableness in the current and prior period.

Investments in subsidiaries
Investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost less any provision for impairment.

Property, plant and equipment
All property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost (or deemed historical cost) less accumulated depreciation. Cost
includes the original purchase price of the asset and the costs attributable to bringing the asset to its working condition for its
intended use.

Depreciation is provided on all property, plant and equipment at rates calculated to write each asset down to its estimated
residual value on a straight-line basis at the following annual rates:

Tangible fixed asset Useful economic life
Leasehold improvements 3-10 years
Fixture and fittings 4 years
Computer equipment 3-5 years

Useful economic lives and estimated residual values are reviewed annually and adjusted as appropriate.

Business combinations and goodwill

Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method as at the acquisition date, whict
control is transferred to the Group. Identifiable assets acquired, and liabilities assumed in a business combination, are measured
at their fair values at the acquisition date.

is the date on which

Goodwill arises when the fair value of the consideration for a business exceeds the fair value of the net assets acquired.

In determining the fair value of intangible assets arising on business combination, management are required to make judgements
regarding the timing and amount of future cash flows applicable to the intangible assets being acquired, discounted using an
appropriate discount rate. Such judgements are based on current budgets and forecasts, extrapolated for an appropriate period,
taking into account growth rates and expected changes to selling prices and operating costs. Management estimates an
appropriate discount rate using post-tax rates that reflect current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks
specific to the businesses being acquired (see note 13).

Goodwill is initially recognised and measured as set out above. Goodwill is not amortised but is reviewed for impairment at
least annually.

Intangible assets

Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are initially recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is
regarded as their cost). Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination are reported at
cost less accumulated amortisation and any impairment losses.



===== page 97 =====
96

Annual Report 2019

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

1. Basis of Preparation and Significant Accounting Policies continued

Intangible assets acquired as part of a business combination

Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are identified and recognised separately from goodwill where they satisfy
the definition of an intangible asset under IAS 38. Such assets are only recognised if either:

* They are capable of being separated or divided from the Company and sold, transferred, licenced, rented or exchanged, either
individually or together with a related contract, identifiable asset or liability, regardless of whether the company intends to do so; or

+ They arise from contractual or other legal rights, regardless of whether those rights are transferable or separable from the
entity or from other rights and obligations.

The cost of such intangible assets is their fair value at the acquisition date. All intangible assets acquired through business
combination are amortised over their estimated useful lives. The significant intangibles recognised by the Group, their useful
economic lives and the methods used to determine the cost of the intangibles acquired in business combinations are as follows:

Intangible asset Useful economic life Valuation method
Customer relationships 41-12 years Multi-Period Excess Earnings method
Intellectual property 7 years Relief from Royalty method
Trade name 15 years Relief from Royalty method

Acquisition costs

Costs related to acquisition, other than those associated with the issue of debt or equity securities that the Group incurs in connection
with a business combination, are expensed as incurred. If the contingent consideration is classified as equity, it is not re-measured,
and settlement is accounted for within equity. Otherwise, subsequent changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration
are recognised in the statement of comprehensive income.

The TrackTwo earn-out expense calculation under IFRS 3 contains estimation uncertainty as it relates to future performance.
Management have assessed the potential future cash flows of the TrackTwo business, the likelihood of an earn-out payment
being made and discounted using an appropriate discount rate (see note 14).

Customer relationships
The fair value has been determined by applying the Multi-Period Excess Earnings method to the cash flows expected to be earned
trom customer relationships. The key management assumptions are around forecast revenues, operating margins, discount factors.
and contributory asset charges used.

Auseful economic life of 11-12 years has been deemed appropriate based on the average realisation rate of cumulative cash flows
and benchmarked data. Projected cash flows have been discounted over this period. The amortisation charge is recognised in
administrative expenses within the statement of comprehensive income. There are 8.8 years and 9.3 years remaining to be
amortised for the customer relationships in relation to Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited and TrackTwo respectively.

Intellectual property

The fair value has been determined by applying the Relief from Royalty method to the cash flows earned from the intellectual property.
The key management assumptions are around growth forecasts, discount factors and royalty percentage utilised. A useful economic
life of 7 years has been deemed appropriate based on previous acquisitions and benchmarking data. Projected cash flows have
been discounted over this period.

The amortisation charge is recognised in administrative expenses within the statement of comprehensive income. There are 3.8
years and 5.3 years remaining to be amortised for the intellectual property in relation to Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited and
TrackTwo respectively.

Trade name

The fair value has been determined by applying the Relief from Royalty method to the cash flows earned from the trade name.
The key management assumptions are around growth forecasts, discount factors and royalty percentage utilised. A useful
economic life of 15 years has been deemed appropriate based on benchmarking reviews. Projected cash flows have been
discounted over this period.


===== page 98 =====
97

Annual Report 2019

The amortisation charge is recognised in administrative expenses within the statement of comprehensive income. There are 11.8
years remaining to be amortised for the trade name in relation to Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited.

Impairment reviews - goodwill

For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group's cash-generating units expected to benefit from
the synergies of the combination, Cash-generating units to which goodwill has been allocated are tested for impairment annually
or, more frequently, when there is an indication that the unit may be impaired.

The Group performs impairment reviews at the reporting period end to identify any goodwill or intangible assets that have a carrying
value that is in excess of its recoverable value. Determining the recoverability of goodwill and intangible assets requires judgement
in both the methodology applied and the key variables within that methodology. Where it is determined that an asset is impaired, its
carrying value will be reduced to its recoverable value with the difference recorded as an impairment charge in the income statement.

In accordance with IFRS 1, the Group has tested goodwill for impairment at the balance sheet date. No goodwill impairment was
deemed necessary at 31 March 2019,

Capitalised development costs
Capitalised development costs represent the costs incurred in the development enhancements to the 360 SalesVista software in
Alpha Data Solutions.

Auseful economic life of 3 years has been deemed appropriate based on expected project lifecycle in development of new
software. The amortisation charge is recognised in administrative expenses within the statement of comprehensive income.

Impairment of investment in subsidiaries

The uncertainties described above in respect of the potential impairment of goodwill in the Group consolidated financial statements
also represent uncertainties regarding the carrying value of the investment in Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited in the Company
financial statements. As at 31 March 2019, the carrying value of this investment was £1.3 million.

Foreign exchange

Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the Group companies’ functional currency at the foreign exchange rate ruling at
the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the balance sheet date are retranslated
to the functional currency at the foreign exchange rate ruling at that date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in
terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Foreign exchange
differences arising on translation are recognised in the consolidated statement of income.

The assets and liabilities of foreign operations, including goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on consolidation, are translated
to the Group's presentational currency, pound sterling, at foreign exchange rates ruling at the balance sheet date. The revenues and
expenses of foreign operations are translated at an average rate for the year where this rate approximates to the foreign exchange
rates ruling at the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange differences arising on retranslation are recognised in other
comprehensive income.

Financial instruments

The Group uses financial instruments comprising cash and cash equivalents, preference shares and other short-term instruments,
‘such as trade payables that arise from its operations. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to fund the Group's
business strategy and working capital requirements.

Accounting policies in respect of financial instruments are outlined below.

Financial assets

A financial asset not carried at fair value through profit or loss is assessed at each reporting date to determine whether there is
objective evidence that it is impaired. A financial asset is impaired if objective evidence indicates that a loss event has occurred
after the initial recognition of the asset, and that the loss event had a negative effect on the estimated future cash flows of that
asset that can be estimated reliably. ‘ :


===== page 99 =====
98

Annual Report 2019,

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

1. Basis of Preparation and Significant Accounting Policies continued

Financial assets continued

An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured at amortised cost is calculated as the difference between its carrying
amount and the present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the asset's original effective interest rate. For financial
instruments measured at cost less impairment, impairment is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the best
estimate of the amount that the Group would receive for the asset if it were to be sold at the reporting date. Interest on the impairment
asset continues to be recognised through the unwinding of the discount. Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. When
a subsequent event causes the amount of the impairment to decrease, the decrease in impairment loss is reversed through
statement of comprehensive income.

Trade and other receivables

Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at invoice value, less provision for impairment. A provision for impairment of
trade receivables is established when there is objective evidence that the Group will not be able to collect all amounts due
according to the original terms of the receivables. The provision is recognised in the income statement as an operating charge.

Alpha provides services to customers on credit terms with mainly arrears billing. Certain receivables may not be paid. The trade
receivables impairment provision has been estimated in the context of the overall year-end trade receivables due, the trade
receivables’ age profile and recent collection experience.

The trade receivables’ balances recorded in the Group's statement of financial position comprise a relatively small number of large
balances. A full line-by-line review of trade receivables is carried out at the end of each month for possible impairments.

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and call deposits. Bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand and form
an integral part of the Group’s cash management are included as a component of cash and cash equivalents for the purpose only
of the cash flow statement.

Financial liabilities

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities designated

upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss. Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are acquired
for the purpose of selling in the near term. This category includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Group that

are not designated as hedging instruments in hedge relationships as defined by IAS 39. As at 31 March 2019, the Group had no

such financial liabilities.

Trade and other payables
‘Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value and are subsequently measured at amortised cost.

Current and deferred income tax

Taxation expense on the result for the period comprises current and deferred income tax. Income tax is recognised in the consolidated
statement of comprehensive income, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in equity, in which case it is
recognised in equity.

Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income for the period, using tax rates enacted or substantively
enacted at the balance sheet date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous periods.

Deferred tax is provided using the balance sheet liability method, providing for temporary differences between the carrying amounts
of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. The amount of deferred tax
provided is based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities, using tax
rates enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date.


===== page 100 =====
99

Annual Report 2019

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer
probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities, and when they
relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the Group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities,
on a net basis.

Leases

Rentals paid under operating leases are charged to the consolidated statement of comprehensive income on a straight-line basis
over the period of the lease. Benefits received and receivable as an incentive to sign an operating lease are recognised on a
Straight-line basis over the period of the lease. The Group does not currently hold any assets under finance leases.

Non-financial assets

The carrying amounts of the entity's non-financial assets, other than deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each reporting date to
determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the assets’ recoverable amount is.
estimated. The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit is the greater of its value in use and its fair value, less costs
to sell. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount
rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. For the purposes of
impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates
independent cash inflows (the “cash-generating unit”, “CGU"); that is, cash inflows from continuing use that are largely
independent of the cash inflows of other assets or groups of assets. The goodwill acquired in a business combination, for the
purpose of impairment testing, is allocated to cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the
combination. For the purpose of goodwill impairment testing, if goodwill cannot be allocated to individual CGUs or groups of
CGUs on a non-arbitrary basis, the impairment of goodwill is determined using the recoverable amount of the acquired entity in
its entirety or, if it has been integrated, then the entire group of entities into which it has been integrated. Goodwill is tested
annually for impairment in accordance with IFRS.

An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable amount.
Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. Impairment losses recognised in respect of CGUs are allocated first to reduce
the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the units and, then, to reduce the carrying amounts of other assets in the unit
(or group of units) on a pro-rata basis.

An impairment loss is reversed if and only if the reasons for the impairment have ceased to apply. An impairment loss recognised
for goodwill is not reversed.

Impairment losses recognised in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indication that the loss has decreased
or no longer exists. An impairment loss is only reversed to the extent that the asset's carrying amount does not exceed the carrying
amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

Revenue recognition

Revenue consists of the value of work executed for clients during the year, exclusive of VAT and rechargeable expenses. Consulting
revenue is recognised as services are performed or delivered in accordance with the terms of the contract, which are primarily
on a time and materials basis, although a small proportion of contracts are invoiced against agreed project milestones.

Activity performance in excess of invoices raised is included within accrued income, up to the value of the relevant project
delivery milestone, where applicable. Where amounts have been invoiced in excess of work performed, the excess is included
within deferred income.

Software licence fees and other revenue is recognised as support services are provided across the life of the licence.

Revenue is wholly attributable to the principal activities of the Group.


===== page 101 =====
100

Annual Report 2019

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

1. Basis of Preparation and Significant Accounting Policies continued
Segmental reporting
An operating segment is a component of the Group:

() That engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses (including revenues and expenses
relating to transactions with other components of the same entity);

(i) Whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the Board of Directors in order to make decisions about resources to be
allocated to that component and assess its performance; and

(ii) For which discrete financial information is available.

Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision maker,
as required by IFRS 8 “Operating Segments”. The chief operating decision maker is responsible for allocating resources and
assessing performance of the operating segments and has been identified as the Board of Directors.

The accounting policies of the reportable segments are consistent with the accounting policies of the Group as a whole. Segment
profit represents the profit earned by each segment without allocation of depreciation, amortisation, foreign exchange gains or
losses, interest payable and tax. This is the measure of profit that is reported to the Board of Directors for the purpose of resource
allocation and the assessment of segment performance.

The Board regularly reviews consolidated operating results to make decisions about the financial and organisational resources of
the Group and to assess overall performance.

Employee benefits

Defined contribution pension plan

A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which the Group pays fixed contributions into a separate entity
and will have a legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts. Contributions to defined contribution schemes are charged
to the statement of comprehensive income as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the scheme. Differences
between contributions payable in the year and contributions paid are shown as either accruals or pre-payments in the statement
of financial position.

Share-based payments
The cost of share-based employee compensation arrangements, whereby employees receive remuneration in the form of shares
or share options, is recognised as an employee benefit expense in the statement of profit or loss.

‘The total expense to be apportioned over the vesting period of the benefit is determined by reference to the fair value (excluding
the effect of non market-based vesting conditions) at the date of grant.

In determining the fair value of share-based payments under IFRS 2, management has considered a number of internal and
external factors in order to judge the probability that management and employee share incentives may vest. Such judgements
involve estimating a number of future performance and other factors. The fair value calculations have been externally assessed
as reasonable in the circumstances.

The total expense to be apportioned over the vesting period of the benefit is determined by reference to the fair value (excluding the
effect of non market-based vesting conditions) at the date of grant. At the end of each reporting period the assumptions underlying
the number of awards expected to vest are adjusted for the effects of non market-based vesting conditions to reflect the conditions
prevailing at that date. The impact of any revisions to the original estimates is recognised in the statement of profit or loss, with a
corresponding adjustment to equity. Fair value is measured by the use of a binomial model. The assumptions have been adjusted,
based on management's best estimate, for the effects of non-transferability, lack of dividend until vesting and exercise restrictions.

Other benefits

The Group operates a profit share bonus scheme that aims to pay employees a percentage of an individual's salary, subject to -
country-level corporate performance in the period. The profit share is accrued in the financial year, based on management's best
estimates of overall financial performance and recognised as an employee benefit expense in the income statement.

Short-term employee benefits including holiday pay are accrued as services are rendered.



===== page 102 =====
101

Annual Report 2019

Earnings per share and adjusted earnings per share
The Group presents basic and diluted earnings per share on an IFRS and adjusted basis. In calculating the weighted average
number of shares outstanding during the period, any share restructuring is adjusted to allow comparability with other periods.

The calculation of diluted earnings per share assumes conversion of all potentially dilutive ordinary shares, which arise from
share options outstanding and shares held in treasury. A calculation is performed to determine the number of share options that
are potentially dilutive based on the number of shares that could have been acquired at fair value, considering the monetary value
of the subscription rights attached to outstanding share options.

Adjusted earnings per share has been calculated after allowing for adjusting items explained in notes 5 and 6 to the financial statements.

Alternative performance measures

In order to provide better clarity to the underlying performance of the Group, Alpha uses alternative performance measures. The
measures are not defined under IFRS and they may not be directly comparable with other companies’ adjusted measures. These
non-GAAP measures are not intended to be a substitute for, or superior to, any IFRS measures of performance, but have been
included as the Directors consider them to be key measures used within the business for assessing the underlying performance
of the Group's ongoing business across periods.

Dividends policy
Dividends proposed by the Board are recognised in the‘financial statements when they have been approved by shareholders at
the AGM. Interim dividends are recognised when they are paid.

New accounting standards and interpretations

‘There were no significant changes in accounting policies applied by the Group in these consolidated financial statements compared
to those used in the most recent annual consolidated financial statements as at 31 March 2019, except for the adoption of new
standards and interpretations described below.

The International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) have issued the following
standards and interpretations which are now effective:

* IFRS 9: Financial Instruments (effective for periods commencing on or after 1 January 2018)
* IFRS 15: Revenue from contracts with customers (effective for periods commencing on or after 1 January 2018)

The Directors reviewed the nature and effect that these new standards have had on the Group and do not believe that the
impact is material. These standards have been adopted by the Group:

IFRS 9 Financial Instruments (effective for periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018)

IFRS 9 changes the classification and measurement of financial assets, and the timing and extent of credit provisioning. The new
categories per IFRS 9 have not had a material impact on the financial assets as trade receivables have continued to be carried at
amortised cost.

An expected credit loss model replaces the incurred loss model. This requires an assessment of the likelihood of default and any
potential loss that may arise in the event of default. The Group has found that the new standard has not caused a material change
in the impairment of trade receivables or any other financial assets because of the short-term nature of the trade receivables and
the specific provisions currently being raised for them.

IFRS 15 Revenue from contracts with customers (effective for periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018)

IFRS 15 was published in 2014, replacing IAS 18 “Revenue”. This standard establishes principles for reporting information about
the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from an entity's contracts with customers. Revenue
is recognised when a customer obtains control of a good or service and, thus, has the ability to direct the use and obtain the
benefits from the good or service.

To determine revenue recognition for arrangements that are within the scope of IFRS 15, the standard identifies the following steps:
{i) identify the contract; (ji) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (ji) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate
the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; (v) recognise revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies the
performance obligation.


===== page 103 =====
102

Annual Report 2019

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

1. Basis of Preparation and Significant Accounting Policies continued

IFRS 15 Revenue from contracts with customers (effective for periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018) continued
The adoption of the new standard resulted in a small timing difference of revenue recognition compared to the previous accounting
standards. The cumulative effect of initially applying the new standard was recognised as an adjustment to the opening balance
of retained earnings and accrued income. The cumulative effect of initially applying the new revenue standard amounted to less
than 1% of revenue in the current period and the comparative period. The details of these adjustments have been summarised
in note 3.

The following standards and interpretations are not yet effective, but have been considered in the year:

IFRS 16 Leases (effective for periods commencing on or after 1 January 2019)

IFRS 16 was published in January 2016, replacing IAS 17 “Leases”. The Group will likely adopt IFRS 16 on a full retrospective
basis and the Group will recognise the cumulative effect of initially applying the new standard as an adjustment to the opening
balance of retained earnings at 1 April 2018, i.e. the date of initial application, and apply IFRS 16 retrospectively for FY 19 to
allow for better comparability. Results in the year ended 31 March 2020 will be IFRS 16 compliant and, consequently, the FY 20
Annual Report will be the first to include the full-year results on this basis.

The standard requires lessees to recognise assets and liabilities for all leases unless the lease term is 12 months or less, or the
underlying asset is of low value. The Group is still in the process of quantifying the implications of this standard. However, it expects
the following indicative impacts at 1 April 2018:

* The Group expects to recognise £2.4m of leased assets on transition, as leased assets that are currently accounted for off
balance sheet, i.e. assets under leases classified as operating leases under IAS 17, will be recognised on the balance sheet
and valued in accordance with the principles of IFRS 16. The biggest asset category affected for the Group is expected to be
land and buildings, from the inclusion of office leases;

* The Group is expected to recognise lease liabilities of £2.7m as existing operating leases are recognised, representing total

cash commitments under operating leases discounted to present value;

Operating lease expenditure will be reclassified and split between depreciation and finance costs. Therefore, EBITDA is

estimated to increase by £0.7m. Future depreciation and finance costs are also expected to increase as a result of increased

assets and liabilities;

The Group estimates a small reduction in profit before tax as a result of the above changes of £0.04m, driven by an increase

in finance costs as a result of new leases. These finance costs will have an accelerated profile that will reduce as the leases

settle over the life;

* There may be a corresponding effect on tax balances in relation to all of the above impacts.

This standard will require key accounting judgements, in particular around the likelihood of lease renewals.

2. Segment information

Group management has determined the operating segments by considering the segment information that is reported internally to
the chief operating decision maker, the Board of Directors. For management purposes, the Group is currently organised into three
geographical operating divisions: UK, US and Europe & Asia. The Group's operations all consist of one type of operation: consultancy
and related services to the asset and wealth management industry.

31 March 2019
UK us Europe & Asia Total
£000 feud £000, £7000
External revenue 44,937 9,172 21,851 75,960
Cost of sales (24,798) (7.514) (14,566) (46,878)

Gross profit 20,139 1,658 7,285 29,082


===== page 104 =====
103

Annual Report 2019

31 March 2018
UK US Europe & Asia Total
£7000 £7000 £000 £000
External revenue 40,020 9,036 16,953 66,009
Cost of sales (22,986) (6,353) (11,409) (40,748)
Gross profit 17,034 2,683 5,544 25,261

During the year, the Group had one customer that comprised more than 10% of the Group's revenues, reporting within the UK

segment and comprising 10.6% of Group revenues. One customer contributed 10.7% of Group revenues in FY 18.

3. IFRS 15

New accounting standard, IFRS 15, was introduced this year and the Group has recognised the effect of applying IFRS 15 ona
modified retrospective basis. This has resulted in an adjustment to opening retained earnings and additional deterred income of
£0.3m, in the prior period. The restatement of profits resulting from the adoption of IFRS 15 has been minimal in both the current

and comparative periods.

4. Operating profit
Operating profit for the period is stated after charging/(crediting):

FY19 FY 18

£'000 £000
Amortisation of intangible assets 2,586 2,383
Depreciation of plant and equipment 263 297
Net foreign exchange losses/(gains) (116) 36
Operating lease rentals 903 673
Impairment provision recognised on trade receivables 1 400
Defined contribution pension scheme costs 453 189
Share-based payments charge 872 191
Earn out & deferred consideration 295 391
Costs directly attributable to AIM admission - 1,621
Acquisition costs - 241
Restructuring costs - 251
Auditor's remuneration:

FY19 FY 18

£000 £000
Audit fees - parent company 33 25
Audit fees - subsidiary companies 57 87
Tax compliance services - 14
Tax advisory services - 54
Other assurance services 10 24



===== page 105 =====
104

Annual Report 2019,

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

5. Reconciliation of adjusted operating profit and adjusted EBITDA

FY19 FY 18

£000 £000
Operating profit 12,572 8,558
Amortisation 2,586 2,383
Loss on disposal of fixed assets 6 -
Share-based payments charge 872 191
Earn out & deferred consideration 295 391
Acquisition costs - 241
Restructuring costs - 251
Costs directly attributable to AIM admission - 1,621
Total adjustments 3,759 5,078
Adjusted operating profit (incl. FX) 16,331 13,636
Foreign exchange (gains)/losses (116) 36
Adjusted operating profit 16,215 13,672
Depreciation of plant and equipment 263 297
Adjusted EBITDA 16,478 13,969
Adjusted EBITDA (incl. FX) 16,594 13,933

Alpha uses alternative performance measures, including adjusted EBITDA, to allow a clearer understanding of the underlying
performance of the Group. Adjusted EBITDA is a commonly used measure in which earnings are stated before intangible asset
amortisation and depreciation, used by the Board to assess performance. The Board considers that this alternative performance
measure is the most appropriate measure by which users of the financial statements can assess the ongoing performance of the
Group. Adjusted EBITDA also excludes the employee share-based payments charge to remove the inherent volatility in share-
based payment expense calculations and more closely align to the operational activities. Note 21 sets out further details of the
employee share-based payments expense calculation under IFRS 2.

As per note 14, the acquisition of TrackTwo in the prior year involved deferred consideration payments in the form of an earnout,
which, in accordance with IFRS 3, will be expensed annually to 2021 dependent on the ongoing employment of the vendor. This
cost has been removed to calculate adjusted EBITDA as, whilst it will recur in the short term, it represents additional payments
linked to the TrackTwo acquisition.

Other acquisition costs expensed in the prior year, relating to the TrackTwo acquisition and to the acquisition of Alpha FMC
Group Holdings Limited, have also been excluded from adjusted EBITDA as they are not directly attributable to the ongoing
performance of the Group. Similarly, costs directly attributable to the AIM admission in October 2017 have also been excluded.

Restructuring costs relating to realigning the US operations have been excluded from adjusted EBITDA as they relate toa
specific restructuring programme.

During the year, adjusted EBITDA excluding foreign exchange gains or losses was introduced as an alternative performance
measure to better indicated the underlying operating performance of the Group. Adjusted EBITDA including foreign exchange
gains or losses has also been presented for clarity.


===== page 106 =====
105

Annual Report 2019

6. Reconciliation to adjusted profit after tax

FY 19 FY 18
£000 £000
Adjusted operating profit 16,215 13,672
Tax charge 8,321) (1,941)
Tax impact of adjusting items (654) (1,747)
Adjusted profit after tax 12,240 9,984

Adjusted profit after tax is also shown to allow a clearer understanding of the underlying performance of the Group. Adjusted

profit after tax is stated before adjusting items and their associated tax effects.

7. Staff costs

The average number of employees employed by the Group, where “employees” includes Executive Directors but excludes

contractors, was:

FY 19 FY 18
Number Number
UK 145 117
us 49 32
Europe & Asia 110 73
Administration 32 23
336 245
Staff costs for the above persons were:
FY 19 FY 18
£'000 £000
Wages and salaries 35,638 28,841
Social security costs 4,083 3,629
Pension costs 453 189
Share incentive plans 872 191
41,046 32,850
8. Finance costs and finance income
FY19 FY 18
£000 £000
Bank interest receivable - =
Interest payable on bank loans and overdraft (62) (2,858)
Shareholder and management loan note interest - (2,479)
Amortisation of issue costs on loan notes - (1,722)
Total finance costs (52) (7,059)



===== page 107 =====
106

Annual Report 2019

9. Taxation

FY19 FY 18
£'000 £000
Current tax
In respect of the current year 2,433 1,400
Adjustment in respect of prior periods (274) (29)
Foreign taxation 1,397 4,467
Deferred tax
In respect of the current year (460) (908)
Change in tax rate 13 -
Adjustment in respect of prior periods 212 n
Total tax expense for the year 3,321 1,941

The difference between the total tax expense shown above and the amount calculated by applying the standard rate of UK

corporation tax to the profit before tax is as follows:

FY19 FY 18

7000 £7000
Profit/(loss) before taxation 12,520 1,499
Tax on profit on ordinary activities at standard UK corporation tax rate of 19% (2018: 19%) 2,381 285
Effects of:
Fixed asset differences 3 4
Expenses not deductible for taxation 99 902
Income not taxable for tax purposes - (81)
Differences due to overseas tax rates 887 757
Adjustments in respect of prior periods (274) (29)
Adjustments in respect of prior periods - deferred tax 212 "1
Change in deferred tax rate 13 106
Deferred tax not recognised - (14)
Total tax expense for the year 3,321 1,941
10. Deferred tax

FY19 FY 18

£1000 £7000
At 1 April 3,401 3,946
Arising on business combinations - 352
Charged to the statement of profit or loss (235) (897)
Charged directly to other comprehensive income - -
Charged directly to equity 27 -
At31 March 3,193 3,401

The UK Government has announced future tax changes to the corporation tax rate. These changes resulted in a rate of 19% for

the 2018/19 and 2019/20 tax years and eventually culminate in a rate of 17% by 2020/21.

As at 31 March 2019, all such changes have been substantively enacted and have therefore been reflected in the calculation of

deferred tax for the year ended:31 March 2019.


===== page 108 =====
107

Annual Report 2019

Movements in deferred tax during the year:

TApril Recognised Amount arising ‘31 March’
2017 inincome on acquisition 2019
£7000 £000 £7000 £7000
Accelerated capital allowances 20 1 - 21
Short-term timing differences - (194) - (194)
Share options - (372) 27 (345)
Arising on business combinations 3,381 330 - 3,711
3,401 (235) 27 3,193
11. Dividends
Amounts recognised as distributions to equity holders:
FY19 FY 18
£7000 £7000
Interim dividend for the year ended 31 March 2019 of 1.91p (FY 18: 1.48p) per share 1,938 1,508
Proposed final dividend for the year ended 31 March 2019 of 4.09p (FY 18: 3.69p) per share 4,135 3,749
‘Total dividend for the year ended 31 March 2019 of 6.00p (FY 18: 5.17p) per share 6,073 5,257

The proposed final dividend is subject to approval by the shareholders at the AGM and has not been included as a liability in

these financial statements.

12. Earnings per share and adjusted earnings per share

The Group presents basic and diluted EPS data, both adjusted and non-adjusted for its ordinary shares. Basic EPS is calculated
by dividing the profit or loss for the period attributable to ordinary shareholders by the weighted normalised average number of
ordinary shares outstanding during the period. Potential ordinary shares are only treated as dilutive when their conversion to

ordinary shares would decrease EPS (or increase loss per share).

In order to reconcile to the adjusted profit for the financial period, the same adjustments as in notes 5 and 6 have been made to

the Group's profitloss) for the financial period. The profits/(losses) and weighted average number of shares used in the

calculations are set out below:

Year ended Period ended

31 March 2019 31 March 2018
Basic & diluted EPS
Profit/(loss) for the financial year used in calculating basic and diluted EPS (£’000} 9,199 (442)
Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue 101,604 90,185
Number of dilutive shares 2,416 -
Weighted average number of ordinary shares, including potentially dilutive shares 404,020 90,185
Basic EPS (p) 9.05 (0.49)
Diluted EPS (p) 8.84 (0.49)
Pro forma adjusted EPS
Adjusted profit for the financial year used in calculating adjusted basic and diluted EPS (note 6)
(€'000) 12,240 9,984
Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue 101,604 101,860
Number of dilutive shares. 2,416 -
Weighted average number of ordinary shares, including potentially dilutive shares 104,020 101,860
Adjusted EPS (p) 12.05 9.80
Adjusted diluted EPS (p) 477 9.80



===== page 109 =====
108

Annual Report 2019

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

12. Earnings per share and adjusted earnings per share continued

Earnings or loss per share is calculated based on the share capital of the Company and the earnings of the Group. To aid
comparability following the Group's reconstruction and share reorganisation in the prior year, the number of ordinary shares
immediately before AIM admission have been used to best indicate the share capital in existence at that time and provide basic
and diluted earnings per share on a consistent basis. Similarly, in the adjusted EPS and adjusted diluted EPS calculations, the
weighted average number of shares in the prior year considers the shares in issue at and since AIM admission. The prior period
adjusted EPS and adjusted diluted EPS has been recalculated to exclude foreign exchange gains or losses.

13. Goodwill and Intangible fixed assets

Goodwill
31 March 201931 March 2018
£000 £7000
Cost at beginning of the year 52,626 51,529
Additions - 1,097
Gains/(losses) from foreign exchange 2,536 -
Cost at end of the year/period 55,162 52,626

Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the Group’s share of the net identifiable assets
of the acquired subsidiary at the date of acquisition. Goodwill was recognised upon the acquisition of Alpha FMC Group Holdings
Limited by Alpha Financial Markets Consulting pic on 3 February 2016 and is the difference between the consideration paid and the
fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. In the prior year, goodwill increased, reflecting the acquired goodwill arising
on the acquisition of TrackTwo. Goodwill acquired and liabilities assumed represent the potential synergy benefits of combining
the Alpha and TrackTwo intellectual property and talents of the team into the Group. In line with IAS 36, the carrying value of
goodwill is not subject to systematic amortisation but is reviewed at least annually for impairment. The review assesses each
cash-generating unit to which goodwill has been allocated for impairment, by comparing the carrying amount of the unit,
including the goodwill, with the recoverable amount of the unit. The impairment reviews completed have calculated the recoverable
amount of goodwill through a Value in Use calculation.

The CGUs that have been considered are UK, US and Europe & Asia, in line with the Group's operating segments and the goodwill
allocated to the CGUs as follows:

* Goodwill by cash-generating unit

‘31 March 2019 31 March 2018

£000 £000
UK 31,241 31,241
USA 7,790 7,054
Europe & Asia 16,131 14,331
At end of the year/period 55,162 52,626

In considering this position, the estimated adjusted weighted average cost of capital (“WACC”) for the Group was determined to be
12.4% (FY 18: 11.6%). This discount rate has been applied to the Group's future cash flow forecasts in order to make the assessment
at each balance sheet date. .

As in the prior period, the base actuals have been inflated in line with 3-year plan, and by 1% then onwards, for each CGU, which
management believes does not exceed the long-term average growth rate for the industry, with a terminal value calculated on a
perpetuity basis. The recoverable amounts of all CGUs are based on the same key assumptions, including limited customer attrition,
No significant change in the competitor landscape, no negative events impacting the Group's brand or reputation, and no legal or
regulatory changes impacting the Group's offering.


===== page 110 =====
109

Annual Report 2019

These cash flows are discounted at a post-tax discount rate of 12.4% and adjusted for specific risk factors that take into account
the sensitivities of the projection. The Group has conducted a sensitivity analysis on the impairment test for all CGUs individually. If
the assumed growth rate was reduced to 0%, the receivable amount for each CGU would remain greater than their carrying values.
Further increasing the post-tax discount rate to 13.5% resulted in positive headroom remaining for all CGUs compared to the
carrying value of goodwill.

The Directors do not therefore believe there to be any impairment indicators.

The Directors have identified that, following the Group's transition to IFRS in the period ended 31 March 2018, the requirement under
1AS21.47 to treat goodwill allocated to foreign operations as if it were an asset of the foreign operations to which it relates, and to
retranslate the balance at the year end, had not been applied. At 31 March 2019, goodwill has been appropriately retranslated with
the cumulative impact on the financial statements being an increase in goodwill and foreign exchange reserves of £2.5m. Of this
amount, a gain of £2.7m relates to the period ended 31 March 2017, a loss of £0.4m relates to the year ended 31 March 2018, and a
gain of £0.2m to the year ended 31 March 2019, There is no impact in either the current or prior year on reported or adjusted profits
and earnings per share.

The Directors believe the key metrics of relevance to users are underlying profits for the year and earnings per share. As this change
has no impact on the statement of profit or loss, the statement of cash flows or earnings per share of the current or earlier periods;
and as the net prior period impact is not material in the context of the overall carrying amount of goodwill or net assets (an increase
of less than 3%), the Directors have judged it appropriate to recognise the amount relating to prior periods in other comprehensive
income in the year ended 31 March 2019.

Intangible fixed assets
As at 31 March 2019

Capitalised
Customer Intellectual Trade development
relationships property name costs Total
£000 £7000 £7000 £000 £000
Cost
At the start of the year 20,068 2,086 5,630 - 27,784
Additions - : - 441 441
At the end of the year - total 20,068 2,086 5,630 44 28,225
Amortisation
At the start of the year (3,442) (499) (930) - (4,871)
Charge for the year (1,792) (260) (484) (50) (2,586)
At the end of the year (6,234) (759) (1,414) (50) (7,457)
Net book value 14,834 1,327 4,216 391 20,768
As at 31 March 2018
Customer Intellectual Trade
relationships property name Total
£000 £7000 £7000 £000
Cost
At the start of the year 18,650 1,421 5,630 25,701
Recognised on acquisitions (see note 14) 1,418 665 = 2,083
At the end of the year 20,068 2,086 5,630 27,784
Amortisation
At the start of the year (1,813) (237) (438) (2,488)
Charge for the year . . (1,629). (262) (492). (2,383)
At the end of the year (3,442) (499) (930) (4,871)

Net book value 16,626 1,587 4,700 22,913,



===== page 111 =====
110

Annual Report 2019

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

13. Goodwill and Intangible fixed assets continued

Customer relationships

Customer relationships primarily represent the fair value at the 3 February 2016 acquisition date of the customer relationships which
were owned by, but not previously recognised as assets of, Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited. The fair value has been determined by
applying the Multi-Period Excess Earnings method to the cash flows expected to be earned from customer relationships. The key
management assumptions are around forecast revenues, operating margins, discount factors and contributory asset charges used.

There were no additions in the current period. Additions in the prior period represent the fair value of the customer relationships
acquired from Track Two GmbH. Please see note 14.

Auseful economic life of 11-12 years has been deemed appropriate based on the average realisation rate of cumulative cash flows
and benchmarked data. Projected cash flows have been discounted over this period. The amortisation charge is recognised in
administrative expenses within the statement of comprehensive income. There are 8.8 years and 9.3 years remaining to be
amortised for the customer relationships in relation to Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited and TrackTwo respectively.

Intellectual property
Intellectual property represents the fair value at the 3 February 2016 acquisition date of the intellectual property that was owned
by, but not previously recognised as assets of, Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited.

The fair value has been determined by applying the Relief from Royalty method to the cash flows earned from the intellectual property.
The key management assumptions are around growth forecasts, discount factors and royalty percentage utilised. A useful economic
life of 7 years has been deemed appropriate based on previous acquisitions and benchmarking data and projected cash flows have
been discounted over this period.

There were no additions in the current period. Additions in the prior period represent the fair value of the intellectual property
acquired from Track Two GmbH. Please see note 14.

The amortisation charge is recognised in administrative expenses within the statement of comprehensive income. There are 3.8
years and 5.3 years remaining to be amortised for the intellectual property in relation to Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited and
TrackTwo respectively.

Trade name
Trade name represents the fair value at the 3 February 2016 acquisition date of the trade name which was owned by, but not previously
recognised as assets of, Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited.

The fair value has been determined by applying the Relief from Royalty method to the cash flows earned from the trade name. The
key management assumptions are around growth forecasts, discount factors and royalty percentage utilised. A useful economic
life of 15 years has been deemed appropriate based on benchmarking reviews and projected cash flows have been discounted
over this period.

There were no additions in the current period.

The amortisation charge is recognised in administrative expenses within the statement of comprehensive income. There are 11.8
years remaining to be amortised for the trade name in relation to Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited.

Capitalised development costs
Capitalised development costs represents the costs incurred in the development enhancements to the 360 SalesVista software in
Alpha Data Solutions.

Auseful economic life of 3 years has been deemed appropriate based on expected project lifecycle in development of new software.

The amortisation charge is recognised in administrative expenses within the statement of comprehensive income. There is an average
of 2.9 years remaining to be amortised for the capitalised development costs in relation to the development of new software.


===== page 112 =====
lll

Annual Report 2019

14. Acquisition and disposal of business

Acquisitions in the prior year

On 18 July 2017, the Group acquired 100% of the share capital and voting interest of TrackTwo GmbH for an upfront cash
consideration of €2,331,610, deferred consideration €1,166,200 paid in January 2019 and 695 consideration shares in the

Company with a fair value of £1 per share.

This acquisition has been accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting. The fair value adjustments relate to the

identification of separately identifiable intangibles and associated deferred tax liabilities. For the remaining assets and liabilities
acquired, no fair value adjustments were identified. The table below sets out the book and fair values of the identifiable assets
and liabilities acquired. Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of the acquisition over the fair value of the Group’s share of

the net identifiable assets of the acquired subsidiary at the date of acquisition.

Book Fair value Values on
values adjustments acauisition
£'000 £7000 £7000

TrackTwo net assets at the acquisition date:
Tangible fixed assets 9 - 9
Customer relationships - 1,418 1,418
Intellectual property - 665 665
Trade and other debtors 316 - 316
Cash 108 - 108
Trade and other creditors (195) - (195)
Deferred tax liability - (352) (352)
Net identifiable assets and liabilities acquired 238 1,731 1,969
Cash consideration relating to business combination 3,066
Goodwill on acquisition (see note 13) 1,097

In addition, as part of the purchase negotiations, the Company has put in place an annual earn-out arrangement and a final ownership
consideration based on the financial performance of TrackTwo over the 3-year period to July 2020, subject to continuous employment

of the vendor until July 2020.

The earn-out and final ownership consideration payments have been estimated by the Directors based on anticipated future
earnings and discounted to current values. An expense of £295,000 (FY 18: £391,000) has been recognised for the current year and
presented as an adjusted expense (see note 5). This consists of fnil (FY 18: £38,000) payable within one year, £234,000 (FY 18:
£277,000) to be settled after one year and £61,000 (FY 18: £76,000) to be settled in equity. Given this expense includes estimation,
were assumptions adjusted for performance to be 10% better than anticipated, the earn-out expense for the year would increase
by £15,000; or were performance 10% worse than anticipated, the earn-out expense for the year would decrease by £17,000.


===== page 113 =====
112

Annual Report 2019

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

15. Tangible fixed assets

Leasehold Fixtures, fillings ‘Computer
improvements and equipment ‘equipment Total
£'000 £'000 £000 £000

Cost
At 1 April 2017 208 192 770 4,170
Acquired through business combinations. - 7 7 14
Additions - 57 197 254
Disposals - - (20) (20)
At 31 March 2018 208 256 954 1,418
Acquired through business combinations - - - -
Additions - 59 264 323
Disposals (2) - (55) (87)
At 31 March 2019 206 315 1,163 1,684
Depreciation
At 1 April 2017 (115) (178) (426) (719)
Acquired through business combinations - Q @) 5)
Charge for the period @7) (43) 21) 01)
Disposals - - 4 4
At 31 March 2018 (152) (223) (646) (1,021)
Acquired through business combinations. - - - -
Charge for the period (35) (30) (198) (263)
Disposals - - 14 14
‘At 31 March 2019 (187) (253) (830) (1,270)
Net book value at 31 March 2019 19 62 333 414
Net book value at 31 March 2018 56 33 308 397
There are no assets held on finance leases.
16. Trade and other receivables

FY 19 FY 18

£000 £'000
Amounts due within one year:
Trade receivables 17,086 18,297
Less: provision for impairment (447) (446)
Trade receivables — net 16,639 17,851
Other debtors 589 55
Prepayments 912 593
Accrued income 1,540 2,743
Total amounts due within one year: 19,680 21,242

Trade receivables are nén-interest bearing and generally have a 30- to 90-day termi. Due to their short maturities, the carrying
amount of trade and other receivables is a reasonable approximation of their fair value.


===== page 114 =====
113

Annual Report 2019

A provision for impairment of trade receivables is established when there is objective evidence that the Group is likely to be unable
to collect all amounts due according to the original terms. The Group considers factors such as customer correspondence, default
or delinquency in payment, significant financial difficulties of the receivable and the probability that the debtor will enter bankruptcy
in deciding whether the trade receivable is impaired.

FY19 FY 18

£000 £000
At 1 April 446 46
Charge for the period 1 400
Uncollected amounts written off, net of recoveries - -
As at 31 March 447 446
At the year end the following trade receivables were overdue but not impaired:

FY19 FY 18

£'000 £000
Not yet due 8,227 14,873
Between 1 and 3 months 6,773 1,343
Over 3 months 2,086 2,081
As at 31 March” 17,086 18,297
17. Cash and cash equivalents

FY19 FY 18

£'000 £000
Cash in bank and at hand 18,581 9,774
Cash and cash equivalents 18,581 9,774
18. Trade and other payables

Restated

FY19 FY 18

£000 £000
Trade payables 1,437 2,361
Accruals 12,744 10,734
Deferred income 662 989
Taxation and social security 2,000 2,428
Corporation tax 3,359 1,826
Other creditors 1,584 2,245
Earn out provision (note 14) - 38
Total amounts owed within one year: 21,786. 20,621

Trade payables comprise amounts outstanding for trade purchases and ongoing costs. The average credit period taken for trade
purchases is 30 days (FY 18: 30 days).

The Directors consider that the carrying amount of trade and other payables is a reasonable approximation of their fair value.

Deferred income in the prior period has been restated in line with the introduction of new accounting standard, IFRS 15, resulting
in an increase of £0.3m against the previously reported figure.


===== page 115 =====
114

Annual Report 2019

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

19. Non-current liabilities

31.March 2019 = 31 March 2018

£000 £000

Deferred tax provision (note10) 3193 3,401
Other non-current liabilities 486 277
3,679 3,678

£486,000 (FY 18: £277,000) of costs associated with the earn-out payments linked to the acquisition of TrackTwo (see note 14)

are included within other non-current liabilities.

20. Called up share capital

Alloted, called up and fully paid

Restated
FY19 FY 18
Number Number?
Ordinary £0.00075 shares (1 vote per share) 101,974,874 102,234,583
101,974,874 102,234,583
Alloted, called up and fully paid
Restated
FY19 FY 18
¢ £
Ordinary £0.00075 shares (1 vote per share) 76,481 76,676
76,481 76,676
Movements in share capital during the year ended 31 March 2019:
Note £
Balance at 1 April 2018
102,234,583 ordinary shares of £0,00075 each 76,676
Cancelled shares @ (195)
Balance at 31 March 2019
76,481

101,974,874 ordinary shares of £0.00075 each

(i) During the year, 259,709 shares have been cancelled. At 31 March 2019, the total number of shares in issue was 101,974,874.

Alpha Employee Benefit Trust

The Group held 476,206 (FY 18: 375,000) shares in an employee benefit trust (“EBT”) to satisfy share options granted under its

joint share ownership plan (“JSOP”).

Treasury shares

The Group held 387,740 (FY 18: nil) shares in treasury from prior employees for nominal value.

® The prior year number of shares in issue has been restated to include shares held in treasury and the Alpha Employee Benefit Trust.


===== page 116 =====
us

Annual Report 2019

21. Share-based payments

The Management Incentive Plan (“MIP”)

The Group has an MIP to retain and incentivise the Executive Directors and selected key employees. The MIP consists of four parts:
part A of which will enable the granting of enterprise management incentive and non-tax advantaged options to acquire shares; part B
of which will enable the awarding of SOPs; part C of which will enable the awarding of restricted stock units (“RSUs") for participants
in the US; and Part D of which will enable the awarding of RSUs in France (together the “options").

Options granted in the current and prior years to the Executive Directors of the Company are subject to the fulfilment of performance
conditions including (a) the Group to achieve its initial AIM market consensus estimate for adjusted EPS for the financial year ended
31 March 2019, (b) the Group to achieve a total shareholder return for the 3 years from admission to AIM in excess of the average total
shareholder return of a peer group of comparable companies, and (c) the Group to achieve between 10 or 15% EPS growth for the
financial year ended 31 March 2019. Assuming conditions (a) and (b) are met, if EPS for the financial year ended 31 March 2019 exceeds
the EPS for the year ended 31 March 2018 by 15%, 100% of the share options or share awards will vest; if EPS for the financial year
ended 31 March 2019 exceeds the EPS for the year ended 31 March 2018 by 10%, 66% will vest. There will be a straight line of
vesting if EPS for the year ended 31 March 2019 exceeds the EPS for the year ended 31 March 2018 by between 10% and 15%.

Options granted to selected senior management will be subject to Group EPS, local budget performance conditions and such conditions
determined by the Remuneration Committee as being appropriate to their personal role and objectives.

MIP awards have either nil exercise price payable (or there shall be no more than a nominal purchase price payable) in order to acquire
shares pursuant to options. MIP awards have either 3- or 4-year vesting periods from the date of grant and can be equity settled only.

The Employee Incentive Plan (“EIP")

In addition to the MIP, in the year ended 31 March 2018, the Board put in place a medium-term EIP. Under the EIP, a broad base of the
Group's employees have been granted share options or share awards over a small number of shares. The EIP will be structured as is
most appropriate under the local tax, legal and regulatory rules in the key jurisdictions and therefore varies between those jurisdictions.

At 31 March 2019 a total of 407,258 share option and award grants had been made to employees during the year (FY 18: 2,977,775).

Details of the share option awards made are as follows:

FY19
Weighted
Number of average
share options exercise price
Outstanding at the beginning of the year 2,977,775 -
Granted during the year 407,258 -
Exercised during the year - -
Forfeited during the year (186,747) -
Expired during the year - -
Outstanding at the year end 3,198,286 -

Exercisable at the year end =

No share options were exercisable in the year.

The options outstanding at 31 March 2019 had a weighted average remaining contractual life of 4 years and a nil or nominal
exercise price.

During the year ended 31 March 2019, options were granted on 26 July 2018, 6 December 2018 and 23 January 2019 to
employees and certain senior management. The weighted average of the estimated fair values of the options outstanding is
£0.78 per share. No options were granted in previous years.


===== page 117 =====
6

Annual Report 2019

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

21. Share based payments continued

The value of the options has been measured by the use of the Monte Carlo option pricing model. The model simulates a variety of
possible results, across 10,000 iterations for each of the options, by substituting a range of values for any factor that has inherent
uncertainty over a number of scenarios using a different set of random values from the probability functions. The model takes any
market-based performance conditions into account and adjusts the fair value of the options based on the likelihood of meeting
the stated vesting conditions.

The inputs into the model were as follows:

FY 19
Weighted average share price at grant date 2.51
Exercise price -
Volatility 30%
Weighted average vesting period 4
Risk free rate 0.79%
Expected dividend yield 3.00%

Expected volatility was determined by calculating the historic volatility of the market in which the Group operates. The expected
expense calculated in the model has been adjusted, based on management's best estimate, for the effects of non market-based
performance conditions and employee attrition.

The options outstanding that have time vesting criteria only were valued using a Black-Scholes model using the same inputs
as above.

The Group recognised a total expense of £872,000 related to equity settled share-based payment transactions in the current year,
including relevant social security taxes (FY 18: £191,000). Given the estimation, were the future performance conditions for all
outstanding share options assumed to be met, the charge in the year would increase by £365,000.

22. Operating lease commitments

As at 31 March 2019, the Group has lease agreements in respect of properties and equipment for which the payments extend
over a number of years. The future minimum lease payments under-non-cancellable leases are as follows:

FY19 FY 18
Due: £000 £000
Within one year 455 452
Within two to five years 1,411 1,621
After five years 210 751
2,076 2,824

For the year ending 31 March 2020, the Group will adopt the new accounting standard for leases, IFRS 16. Under this standard,
the commitments under operating leases reflected in the table above will be recognised on the consolidated statement of financial
Position as lease liabilities discounted to present value, Please see note 1 for further details.


===== page 118 =====
17

Annual Report 2019

23. Financial instruments
Carrying amount of financial instruments
The carrying amounts of the financial assets and liabilities include:

FY 19 FY 18

£000 £000
Assets measured at amortised cost 36,760 27,625
Liabilities measured at amortised cost . (17,765) (3,326)

The book value of the financial instruments is deemed to be approximate to fair value.

The Group's financial instruments comprise cash and cash equivalents, items such as trade payables and trade receivables that
arise directly from its operations and, in prior years, bank borrowings. These financial instruments arise in the ordinary course of
business and their main purpose is to provide finance for the Group’s operations.

The Group's operations expose it to a variety of financial risks including credit risk, liquidity risk, interest rate risk, and foreign
currency exchange rate risk. The Board has overall responsibility for internal control and risk management by the Group. In this
structure, the Audit Committee manages the processes of reviewing the quality of internal controls that are related to the financial
performance of the Group, as delegated by the Board. The policies set by the Board of Directors are implemented by the Company's
finance team.

Credit risk
The Group's credit risk is primarily attributable to its trade receivables. The Group has policies that require appropriate credit checks
on potential customers before sales are made.

Interest rate risk

The Group has interest-bearing assets and previously interest-bearing liabilities. Interest-bearing assets comprise only cash and
cash equivalents that earn interest at a variable rate. The Group historically had a policy of maintaining debt at fixed rates to ensure
the certainty of future interest cash flows and will reconsider were the Group to re-incur indebtedness. The Directors will revisit the
appropriateness of this policy should the Group's operations change in size or nature. The Group has no derivative transactions
outstanding at 31 March 2019. As at 31 March 2019, given the low levels of interest earned on these balances, if LIBOR had
increased or decreased by 0.5%, the effect on post-tax profit and equity would have been minimal.

‘The Group's cash and cash equivalents earned interest at a variable rate during the year.

Liquidity risk

The Group maintains a committed revolving credit facility (“RCF”) alongside its cash balances, designed to ensure it has sufficient
available funds for operations and planned expansions. The Group monitors its levels of working capital to ensure that it can meet
its debt repayments as they fall due.

Foreign currency exchange rate risk

The Group is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk mainly as a result of trade receivables and payables that will be settled
in euros and US dollars. During the year, the Group did not enter into any arrangements to hedge this risk, as the Directors did not
consider the exposure to be significant given the short-term nature of the balances. The Group will review this policy as appropriate
in the future.

GBP Euro usD CHF SGD HKD
‘000 “000, “000 “000 ‘000 ‘000
Receivables 9,693 4,556 2,425 696 1110 89
Cash 10,164 4,415 2,588 303 2,068 28
Payables (961) (252) (237) 88) (77) (45)

» Total : 18,896 : 8,719 4,776 961 3,101: 72



===== page 119 =====
118

Annual Report 2019

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued
24. Capital risk management

The Group's objectives when managing capital are to safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern, in order to provide

returns for shareholders and maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

The Group defines capital as being share capital plus all reserves, which amounted to £89,140,000 as at 31 March 2019 (FY 18:
£82,972,000). The Board of Directors monitors the level of capital as compared to the Group's long-term debt commitments and
adjusts the ratio of debt to capital as is determined to be necessary, by issuing new shares, reducing or increasing debt, paying
dividends and returning capital to shareholders. The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements.

25. Related party disclosures

Details of Directors’ remuneration have been presented in the Remuneration Committee report on p 66. There were no other
transactions with Directors, or entities in which a Director is also a Director or partner, or shareholders in the year ended
31 March 2019 (FY 18: £23,000).

26. Ultimate controlling party

As at 31 March 2019, there is no ultimate controlling party.


===== page 120 =====
119

Annual Report 2019

Company statement

of financial position
As at 31 March 2019

Year ended Year ended
31 March 201931 March 2018
Note £000 £7000
Assets
Non-current assets
Investments 2 1,344 1,344
Total non-current assets 1,344 1,344
Current assets
Trade and other receivables 3 110,329 92,523
Cash and cash equivalents : a
Total current assets 110,329 92,523
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables 4 (8,534) (5,167)
Total current liabilities (8,534) (5,167)
Net current assets 101,795 87,356
Non-current liabilities
Borrowings - -
Deferred tax provision (27) -
Other non-current liabilities - -
Total non-current liabilities (27) -
Net assets/(liabilities) 103,112 88,700
Equity
\ssued share capital 76 7
Share premium 89,396 89,396
Capital redemption reserve . 1 -
Other reserves 600 191
Retained earnings 13,039 (964)
Total shareholders’ equity 103,112 88,700

As permitted by section 408 of the Companies Act 2006, a separate statement of comprehensive income of the parent company
has not been presented. The parent company's profit for the year was £19,690,000.

The notes on pp 122-125 form part of these financial statements. These financial statements w9fe }pproved and authorised for
issue by the Board of Directors on 5 June 2019. They were signed on iff behalf by:

Euan NB Fraser John C Paton
Global Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer :

Stun © brevet


===== page 121 =====
120

Annual Report 2019

Company statement

of cash flows
For the year ended 31 March 2019

Year ended Year ended
'31.March 201931 March 2018
£000 £7000
Cash flows from operating activities:
Operating profit/(loss) for the year (860) (2.178)
Costs relating to AIM admission - 1,621
Acquisition related costs - 78
Share-based payment charge 430 191
Operating cashflows before movements in working capital (430) (288)
Working capital adjustments:
(Increase)/decrease in trade and other receivables (6.130) (10,927)
Increase/(decrease) in trade and other payables 6,560 11,218
Tax paid > )

Net cash generated from operating activities

Cash flows from investing activities:
Acquisition of subsidiary
Amounts owed to Group undertakings

Net cash used in investing activities

Cash flows from financing activities:
Issue of ordinary share capital
Interest paid

Dividends received

Dividends paid

Net cash used in financing activities

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period
Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash held

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period



===== page 122 =====
121

Annual Report 2019

Company statement

of changes in equity
For the year ended 31 March 2019

Capital
Share Share redemption Other Retained
Capital premium reserve reserves earnings Total
£'000 £000 £°000 £7000 £7000 £'000
As at 1 April 2017 - 86 - - (1,266) (1,180)
Comprehensive income
Profit for the period - - - - 1,810 1,810
Foreign exchange differences on
translation of foreign operations - - 7 - - aa
Transactions with owners
Shares issued: (equity) 7 89,310 - - - 89,387
Share-based payment reserves - - at 191 - 191
Consideration to be settled in equity - - - - - -
Dividends - - - - (1,508) (1,508)
As at 31 March 2018 77 89,396 ial 191 (964) 88,700
As at 1 April 2018 7 89,396 - 191 (964) 88,700
Comprehensive income
Profit for the period - - - - 19,690 19,690
Foreign exchange differences on
translation of foreign operations - - - - - -
Transactions with owners
Shares cancelled (equity) (1) - 1 - - -
Share-based payment reserves - - - 409 - 409
Consideration to be settled in equity - - - - - -
_ _ 7 - (6,687) (6,687)
As at 31 March 2019 76 89,396 1 600 13,039 103,112
Share capital Other reserves

Share capital represents the nominal value of share
capital subscribed.

Share premium

The share premium account is used to record the aggregate
amount or value of premiums paid when the Company's shares
are issued at a premium, net of associated share issue costs.

Capital redemption reserve
The capital redemption reserve is a non-distributable reserve
into which amounts are transferred following the redemption
or purchase of the Company's own shares.

The other reserves represent the cumulative fair value of the
IFRS 2 share-based payment charge to be recognised each
year and equity-settled consideration reserves.

Retained earnings
The retained earnings reserve represents cumulative net
gains and losses recognised in the Company statement of
comprehensive income.


===== page 123 =====
122

Annual Report 2019

Notes to the Company
financial statements

1. Summary of significant accounting policies

General information
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ple (the “Company”) is a public company incorporated, domiciled and registered in England,
in the UK. The registered number is 09965927 and the registered address is 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB.

The parent company financial statements present information about the Company as a separate entity and not about its group.

Basis of preparation
These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the
European Union and interpretations issued by the IFRS Interpretations Committee.

The Company financial statements are prepared on the historical cost basis. Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale
are stated at the lower of previous carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell.

The presentational currency of these financial statements and the functional currency of the Company is pounds sterling. All amounts
in these financial statements have been rounded to the nearest £1,000.

Going concern

The Directors have, at the time of approving the financial statements, a reasonable expectation that the Company have adequate
resources to continue in operation for the foreseeable future. The Company's forecasts and projections, taking into account
reasonable possible changes in trading performance, show that the Company has sufficient financial resources, together with
assets that are expected to generate cash flow in the normal course of business. Accordingly, the Directors have adopted the
going concern basis in preparing these Company financial statements.

Principal accounting policies
The accounting policies set out below have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods presented in these
Company financial statements.

In the opinion of the Directors, the only judgement or estimate that has a significant impact in the year ended 31 March 2019 is
noted below:

Share-based payments

Management have estimated the share-based payments expense under IFRS 2. In determining the fair value of share-based
payments, management have considered a number of internal and external factors in judging the probability that management
and employee share incentives may vest. Such judgements involve estimating a number of future performance and other factors.
The fair value calculations have been externally assessed for reasonableness in the current and prior period.

Changes in accounting policy
In these financial statements the Group has changed its accounting policies in the following areas:

Adoption of IFRS 9 and IFRS 15
The Company has adopted the following IFRSs in these financial statements:

* IFRS 9 Financial Instruments; and
-¢ IFRS 15 Revenue from Contract with Customers.

There have been no adjustments with respect of these adoptions.


===== page 124 =====
123

Annual Report 2019

Financial instruments

() Recognition and initial measurement

Trade receivables and debt securities issued are initially recognised when they are originated. All other financial assets and
financial liabilities are initially recognised when the Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.

A financial asset (unless it is a trade receivable without a significant financing component) or financial liability is initially measured
at fair value plus, for an item not at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL"), transaction costs that are directly attributable to its
acquisition or issue. A trade receivable without a significant financing component is initially measured at the transaction price.

(ii) Classification and subsequent measurement
Financial assets

Classification

On initial recognition, a financial asset is classified as measured at: amortised cost; fair value through other comprehensive income
(*FVOCI") - debt investment; FVOCI - equity investment; or FVTPL.

Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to their initial recognition unless the Company changes its business model for
managing financial assets in which case alll affected financial assets are reclassified on the first day of the first reporting period
following the change in the business model.

A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if it meets both of the following conditions:

* itis held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows; and

* its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the
principal amount outstanding,

Investments in subsidiaries are carried at cost less impairment.

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and call deposits. Bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand and form

an integral part of the Company's cash management are included as a component of cash and cash equivalents for the purpose

only of the cash flow statement.

Financial liabilities and equity
Financial liabilities are classified as measured at amortised cost.

2. Fixed asset investment

£7000
Cost
At 1 April 2017 1,338
Additions 6
Disposals -
At 31 March 2018 1,344
Additions -
Disposals -
At 31 March 2019 1,344

The Company's fixed asset investments are all in relation to investments in subsidiaries. The Company holds no tangible fixed assets.


===== page 125 =====
124

Annual Report 2019

Notes to the Company financial statements

2. Fixed asset investment continued

The undertakings in which the Group's and Company's interest at the period end is more than 20% are as follows:

Class and Class and
percentage percentage
Country of | Registered of shares held of shares held
‘Subsidiary undertakings incorporation address Principal activity 31. March 2019 31 March 2018
Alpha FMC Trustees Limited UK 1 Dormant 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Midco Limited UK 1 Intermediate holding company 100% ordinary __ 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Midco 2 Limited UK 1 Intermediate holding company — 100% ordinary — 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited UK 1 Intermediate holding company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited UK 1 Intermediate holding company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Group UK 1 Group services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Nominees Limited
Alpha FMC Group Limited UK 1 Intermediate holding company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets UK 1 Intermediate holding company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Consulting Group Limited
Alpha Financial Markets UK 1 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Consulting (UK) Limited
Alpha Technology Services UK 1 Dormant 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Consulting Limited
Glass Client Programs Limited UK 1 Dissolved n/a 100% ordinary
Alpha Data Solutions Limited UK 1 Consultancy services 100% ordinary na
Alpha Financial Markets USA 2 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Consulting Inc.
Alpha Financial Markets France 3 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Consulting S.A.S.
Alpha Financial Markets Luxembourg 4 Consultancy services 100% ordinary — 100% ordinary
Consulting S.A.
Alpha Financial Markets Netherlands 5 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Consulting Netherlands B.V.
Alpha Financial Markets Switzerland 6 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Consulting Switzerland S.A.
Track Two GmbH Germany 7 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Singapore 8 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Consulting Singapore Pte. Limited
Alpha Financial Markets Hong Kong 9 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Consulting Hong Kong Limited
Alpha Financial Markets Australia 10 Consultancy services 100% ordinary nla

Consulting Australia PTY Limited

60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB
575 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY 10017, USA

Bleicherweg 10, 8002 Zurich, Switzerland

3A Conway Circle, Singapore 558288

C©HONONRWNHs

10 383-385 George Street, Sydney NSW 2000

6 Square de L’'Opera Louis Jouvet, 75008 Paris, France
19/21 route d’Arlon — bloc B, L-8009 Strassen, Luxembourg
Spaces Zuidas, Barbara Strozzilaan 101, 1083 HN, Amsterdam, The Netherlands

Mergenthalerallee 73-75, 65760 Eschborn, Germany

Level 8 Admiralty CTR Tower Il,'18 Harcourt Road, Admiralty, Hong Kong


===== page 126 =====
125

Annual Report 2019

‘Share Capital Profit/(loss)
& Reserves for the period
‘Subsidiary undertakings £000 £'000
Alpha FMC Trustees Limited - -
Alpha FMC Midco Limited (88) 20,909
Alpha FMC Midco 2 Limited 20 20,909
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited 2,923 24,206
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited 29,425 24,568
Alpha FMC Group Nominees Limited - -
Alpha FMC Group Limited 2 24,568
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited 9,165 17,945
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting (UK) Limited 17,136 10,992
Alpha Technology Services Consulting Limited - -
Glass Client Programs Limited - -
Alpha Data Solutions Limited = -
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Inc. (1,532) (635)
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting S.A.S. 6,461 1,982
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting S.A. 1,053 342
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Netherlands B.V. (327) (75)
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Switzerland S.A. @) (60)
Track Two GmbH (347) (774)
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Singapore Pte. Limited 838 542
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Hong Kong Limited (7) 9
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Australia PTY Limited = -
3. Trade and other receivables
FY19 FY 18
£'000 £'000
Amounts due within one year:
Trade receivables - -
Less: provision for impairment - -
Trade receivables - net - -
Amounts owed by Group undertakings 110,326 92,520
Other debtors 3 3
Total amounts due within one year 110,329 92,523
4. Trade and other payables
FY19 FY 18
£000 £'000
Amounts owed to Group undertakings 7,534 4,437
Corporation tax 1 1
Other creditors 563 729
Accruals and deferred income 436, -
Total amounts owed within one year 8,534 5,167



===== page 127 =====
126

Annuat Report 2019

Notes


===== page 128 =====
127

Annual Report 2019

Notes


===== page 129 =====


===== page 130 =====
Annual Report 2019

Company Information

Directors and Advisers

Directors Nominated Adviser
ENB Fraser Grant Thornton
JC Paton 30 Finsbury Square
K Fry London EC2A 1AG
PR Judd
NR Kent Broker
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co.
Company Number 60 Threadneedle Street
09965297 London EC2R 8HP
Registered Office Company Secretary
Alpha Financial Markets company.secretary@alphafmc.com
Consulting plc
60 Gresham Street Corporate and Investors’ Website
London EC2V 7BB investors.alphafmc.com
Auditor Client Website
KPMG LLP alphafmc.com
St Nicholas House
Park Row

Nottingham NG1 6FQ

Registrar
Computershare
The Pavilions
Bridgwater Road
Bristol BS99 6ZZ

Design: Graphical www.graphicalagency.com
Photography

Inside back cover, pp 15 (left), 17, 22, 25, 26, 27, 29,
36-37, 41, 58 (top, bottom), 66, 67, 71, 73, 83, 89
by davebrownphoto.com

pp 2, 5, 48-49, 60, 63, 86

by Alastair Lever

pp 4, 6, 23, 35, 58 (middle), 84-85

by www.seanthephotographer.com

pp 9, 10-11, 15 (right), 34, 69

by www.letsmakeit.fr

pp 13, 19, 33, 57, 77, 128

by Andrew Elko



===== page 131 =====
WWoajout yeu d)e)

CABS CEN]
* FORSUMND OD

