

===== page 1 =====
Annual Raport ro!
SINC COUNES S02. 0 ana

mine power | i
Ol OUP people

oo Py

*ASCBUESB*



===== page 2 =====
iINntrocuiction

Welcome to Alpha's 2020
Annual Report & Accounts

Alpha is a leading global consultancy to the
rea and wealth managerneitt industry.
ES y 0 Teahiniical Gxpertise 1D

eet tli wyeire aaa pina

tate ts ae erie ed
wade oomenemee Conley ateadhig giebel provider ef qpectats eonsuenay

Alphathas werd wth 0508 of ro was top 2 esssh menage ley CUM, clong with tte cng
Se certen ten We ohastoe dedicated}teamlingthelindustiyawithroverga30.consultantsy
cloballygoperatingpfrompr 2yclienta Wacinclottices epanning the UX, Euepe, Nex Ameiaa en Asia,

Contents

Corperate Covemence

72k Boarc'ot Direclors|

B74Ja Meetithe Directoy .

co) introduction} ‘
£7 Sig Corporate, Governance.Codey

[809 Corporate, Governance, Report
® X

“ @®

iit

ominationycommittee, Report
‘OOM Auditfand|Riskicommittee Report
ME OnE Rernuneration Committee Repor
eB Sua gat
—————

Reslia tn Saxsteny : . 1G Cansstienadt eetememi oH NEN —
@t oki Atter Ca People} . 3 Or Comscteatad Statement(oh, exes
s -s . . :

sp peers to, rs ret rans) eetement
5 74Company,statermentiof financial oosition]

© Gute it
cored ES
if

[companysstatementtol.cnangesiintequity]

Notesito,the, Company, financial[statements}
SSE Djscigswre



===== page 3 =====
1

Annual Report 2020

Financial Highlights

Revenue?

£90.9m

Adjusted? EBITDA”

£20.2m

Operating profit

£10.4m

(FY 19: £77. 7m) 17.0%

Profit before tax

£9.3m

(FY 19: £16.5m) +22.9%'

Adjusted profit before tax

£18.6m

(FY 19: £12.6m) -17.1%

Basic earnings per share

6.1lp

(FY 19: £12.5m) -25.8%

Adjusted earnings per share

14.21p

(FY 19: £16.2m) 415.2%

Adjusted cash conversion

106%,

(FY 19: 9.05p) -32.6%

Total dividend per share*

2.10p

(FY 19: 12.05p) +17.9%

(FY 19: 101%) ,

” (FY 19: 6.00p)

? FY 19 revenue is restated to reflect the presentation of revenue gross of rechargeable expenses. Refer to note 1 of the financial statements for further
detail and note 2 for a reconciliation of revenue to net feeincome
3 The Group uses alternative performance measures ("APMs") to provide stakeholders further metrics to aid understanding of the underlying trading
performance of the Group. Refer to note 4 for further details
“ Total FY 20 dividend reflects Board decision not to recommend a final dividend for'the year and includes only the H1 20 dividend of 2.10p


===== page 4 =====
2

Annual Report 2020

Clients Offices Consultants?

(FY 19: 279) + (FY 19; 10)! 5 (FY 19: 362)

Includes 85% of the world’s Addition of eljent-facing Continued invastmant
top 20 asset managers 1 officesin Copenhagen im the highcot calibre
by AUM and Toronto consultants

Th
Business Practices’; Acquisitions

(FY 19:12), ue (FY19: 0)

Pensions & Retail; i Successful acquisition and
Investments practice 4 3 integration of Axxsys*
launched . and Obsidian?

COVID-19 Update

fl
* Transition to remote working executed swiftly and seamlessly; _ */: THe Group has made a solid start to the new financial year
the entire team has adjusted very well and continues to. and continues to make selective investments in strategic hires.

service clients to the highest standards ‘, “1, #7 The Group is navigating a shifting business development

Alpha took early decisive action to protect the business, landscape and continues to see opportunities, new wins
alongside careful management of the Group's cash resources, -_,. and extensions to existing projects.

protective measures included temporary salary sacrifices of |. :
40% for the senior leadership team and Béard, and 20% for

the broader director team, modest staff furloughs, and the ‘
cancellation or deferral of all discretionary expenditure. _ ts; Ongging‘uncertainty due to COVID-19 and the early stage of
the financial year mean that the likely impact on the business
is difficult to predict with accuracy, as such, the Board has not
yet provided financial guidance for the current financial year.

* The market drivers remain in place and the Group is confident
that it is well positioned for future growth in market recovery.

In addition to a £23m net cash position, in order to provide
urther flexibility, the Group agreed an increased'revolving
credit facility of £20m in June 2020.

“Consultants” and “headcount” refer to fee-generating consultants at the year end: employed consultants plus utilised contractors in client-facing roles

“Axxsys" relers to Axxsys Limiled and its subsidiaries, acquired by the Grotp in June 2019
7 “Obsidian” refers to Obsidian Solutions Limited, acquired by the Groupjin November 2019



===== page 5 =====
ee
sae

“I feel lucky to work with
others who strive to provide
only the best to our clients

and look forward to what

we will achieve in the future.”

Alpha employee



===== page 6 =====
4 earner

Annual Report 2020

business model and effective governance
have allowed the Group to deliver further
growth and to progress its strategic
objectives. The Group is well positioned to
navigate through the current economic
uncertainty and to continue to support clients.

Seba

-‘It.gives me great pleasure to present to you the Annual Report
& Accounts of the Group for the 12 months to 31 March 2020.
As we end our third year as a public company, Alpha continues

"to deliver strategically, operationally and financially. Whilst the
Board continues to monitor the global uncertainty caused by
thé COVID-19 situation closely, our position at the end of FY

_ 20 ‘represents a strong validation of the Group's strategy and
places Alpha well for the market recovery.

Overview of the Financial Year

Ken Fry ",-_ ‘1am delighted that Alpha continued to perform well across
Chairman , its business areas and met market expectations for the year
24 June 2020 1 "\" + ended 31 March 2020. The Group has also made strategic

* progress, including the acquisition of two new businesses,
Axxsys and Obsidian; launching its Pensions & Retail
Investments (“P&RI") practice; as well as growing its highly

“ ° * Skilled team including several key senior hires. This is all
The Group contin ues Y * cbubled with the continued success of Alpha’s core consulting

to make progress on its ‘ ‘services globally, including an especially strong performance

strategic objective to from the business in North America.

be recognised as the . : The Group has achieved annual revenue growth of 17.0% on

the previous financial year to £90.9m. | am also pleased to
5 report the Group's highest ever adjusted EBITDA of £20.2m
(FY 19: £16.5m) and growth in adjusted earnings per share of
** 17.9% to 14.21p. Basic earnings per share was 6.11p, after
increased adjusting costs as set out in note 4 of the notes to
the consolidated financial statements.

leading global asset
and wealth management
consultancy.”



===== page 7 =====
5:

Annual Report 2020

[

During the year through the acquisitions of Axxsys and Obsidian,
the Group has expanded its geographic footprint further into
Canada and Denmark, as well as establishing a software
development ‘capability centre aligned to Alpha Data Solutions
("ADS") in Serbia. Alpha’s clients remain central to everything
that the Group’ considers and does, and this will continue to
drive investment both i in offices and consulting practices that’!
support Alpha’s existing and prospective base of clients.

|
|:

Governance and the Board

Alpha maintains a robust corporate governance framework arid
continues to ensure that it reflects the needs of the Group's’ .
shareholders, employees, clients and wider stakeholders. .
The Board? has significant knowledge of the asset and wealth
management industry, as well as a deep pool of leadership
experience to draw from.

The Board continues to review and evolve the corporate ©
governance framework, and this has included the appointment

of Prism Cosec as Company Secretary from October 2019.._
This creates a fully dedicated function, separate from the’ _—~
executive role of Chief Financial Officer, in line with governance
best practice. Prism Cosec brings experience and expertise to
assist in monitoring and further improvement of the corporate
governance framework and processes.

Having altered the composition of the Board committees to
enhance independence in the previous financial year, we
committed to the appointment of an additional independent
Non-Executive Director before the 2020 Annual General Meeting
("AGM"). As recently announced, | am very happy that Jill May
has agreed to join the Board from July 2020 and | look forward
to Alpha benefitting from her range of experience across'
financial services, regulation and public companies.

As part of Its activities during the year, the Board resolved to. '
rename the Audit Committee as the Audit and Risk Commiittee.
This change confirms the Board’s ongoing commitment to risk
control and management, and better reflects the roleand‘ +
activities of the Committee in assisting the Board to oversee the
risk management framework of the Group. The governance .'
arrangements and responsibilities of the Audit and Risk
Committee remain unchanged.

Lam also 1 formal environment,
social and governance ("ESG") and sustainability. reporting into
this year's Annual Report, including the disclosure of a number
of ESG metrics for the first time. We believe that the provision
of thege non-financial metrics and reporting will allow us to

facilitate an understanding of Alpha as a risk-managed business
that is equipped for sustainable, long-term growth.

The,Board continues to meet regularly to oversee the Group's
activities; to ensure the Group progresses with its strategic
objectives, and that we adhere to our core values of governance,
integrity and business ethics. One of the actions from last
year's Board evaluation and effectiveness review process was
to ensure that it remains directly and closely engaged w withthe
Group's management teams, and | am pleased to! report that
the Board has received and discussed presentations froma
number ‘of the regional and operational teams during FY 20.

Strategy

The Group continues to make progress on its singe
‘objective to be recognised as the leading global asSet and
wealth t mariagemerit.consultancy.-As’Alpha expands the
breadth and depth.of its service offering, the focus remains on
understanding the needs of its clients and providing them with
the highest quality service. Whilst, historically, the majority of
the Group's growth has been organic, the Board recognises
the ‘benefits of increasing the breadth of the service offering
through both selective acquisitions and expansion of the
senior team.

This year, the Group has successfully built upon the strategy
of extending and deepening the range of services that it offers.
With the introduction of the P&RI practice, Alpha can replicate
its highly successful business model into a new area and has
hired a number of high-performing individuals to lead and
work in the new practice. At the same time, organic growth
has:been achieved in all regions. The Board and | are
particularly pleased with the performance in North America

, and the addition to the Group of an office in Canada to further

support this growth.

® “Alpha Board” is the Alpha Board of Directors, also referred to as the “Board of Directors”, the “Board” and the “Directors”



===== page 8 =====
)

Annual Report 2020

Chairman's Report continued © ' :

Alpha will continue to invest in and incentivise its high-
performing employees, financially through a market-leading
incentive package, operationally through effective support and
communication, and culturally through a range of initiatives
across social events, corporate social responsibility, diversity
and inclusion, wellbeing, and performance recognition. | am
confident that Alpha’s growth and performance further validate
the Group's overall strategy in the long term, as we navigate
through the global events that are currently impacting every
aspect of our lives. -_

Dividend

In light of the uncertainty caused by the COVID-19 pandemic,
the Board has decided not to recommend a final dividend for
the year ended 31 March 2020. The Board considers that,
during these exceptional times, it is in the best interests of all’
stakeholders to preserve the strength of the Group's balance
sheet to provide maximum flexibility throughout, so that Alpha
is as well positioned as it can be for the future. Therefore, the
total dividend for FY 20° comprises only the previously paid
interim dividend of 2.10p. a

Outlook and COVID-19

The Alpha Board recognises that COVID-19 poses challenges
to all areas of life, to both the Group and the asset and wealth
management industry at large. However, the Group starts its
new financial year with strength across its people, strategy,
finances and business model. The Group has taken pre-emptive
measures to limit the immediate effects of COVID-19, which
included implementing remote working arrangements and
Teducing spend appropriately to maximise liquidity.

Given the current environment, the Board is pleased with a solid
start to trading in the current financial year. Whilst the Board is
, Monitoring closely the situation presented by the COVID-19
, Pandemic, including the impact on win rates, sales cycles and
_Project start dates, now and over the coming months, we
continue to see opportunities, new client wins and extensions
to existing projects. The Board remains confident that Alpha’s
‘strengths mean that it is positively positioned, with the
. underlying industry trends of cost reduction, changing
regulation and increasing assets under management remaining
in place, to drive client demand for Alpha’s quality consulting
services. In light of the ongoing uncertainty and the early
" stage of the new financial year, the likely financial impact on
the business is difficult to predict with accuracy. As such, the
Board believes it is prudent not to provide financial guidance
for the current financial year.

Finally, | would like to thank Alpha's Board of Directors'®,
management team and employees for their continued hard
Work, dedication and contributions this year, especially given

| the disruptions presented by COVID-19. | look forward to
continuing to make positive progress and pursuing the
Group’s long-term strategic goals.

® FY 201s the financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2020. By comparison, FY 19 is the previous financial year covering the 12 months to
31 March 2019; and FY 21 is the subsequent financial year covering the 12 ménths to 31 March 2021

*9 “Directors” refers to the executive and non-executive members of the Board; meanwhil

management teams of the Group

“directors” refers to non-Board directors within the

Me


===== page 9 =====
7

Annual Report 2020

Global Chief Executive
Officer’s Report

We have delivered another year of strategic
progress, achieving strong growth and extending
further our service offering to the asset and wealth
management industry. This positions Alpha well as
we face an uncertain global economic period ahead.

Euan Fraser Welcome to Alpha’s third set of full-year results as a public
Global Chief Executive Officer company. | am pleased to report that we have achieved a
24 June 2020 . further year of strategic progress as the Group continues the

momentum from previous years.

We have delivered on our strategic growth objectives through

“The business growth and the launch of the Pensions & Retail Investments practice and
H ‘the successful acquisition and integration of the Axxsys and
‘Ss

successes Alpha enj oy . Obsidian businesses. Through our strong and comprehensive
would not be possible |: ' service éffering and the performance of our highly skilled team
without the teamwork. ! !. of corisultants, Alpha has enjoyed a good year of growth in the

. . , + underlying business, as shown by increases in revenue, adjusted
energy and dedication to “+ EBITDA, adjusted profit after tax and adjusted earnings per
d le liveri in g pro j ects eve ry share ("EPS"). Operating profit and profit after tax have

. ” reduced as a result of increased adjusting items, primarily
day for our clients. | 1” driven'by the Group's acquisition activities in the year.



===== page 10 =====
8

Annual Report 2020

COVID-19

We now face a period of economic uncertainty in the face of
the global COVID-19 pandemic. Alpha, like many companies,
is seeing the effects of this crisis on its business and business
planning. At the time of writing, given the strength of the Alpha
service proposition and a strong balance sheet entering the
new financial year, the Group is well positioned for the market
recovery. We have also taken steps to protect the business,
Including limiting recruitment to only a small number of
strategic hires, maximising our cash position and reducing -
discretionary operational expenditure. Alpha’s director team ©
has taken a voluntary temporary reduction of 20 per cent in
salary for six months and the Group’s senior leadership team, .
including the Global Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
Officer and the Non-Executive Directors of the Board, have _
taken a voluntary temporary 40 per cent reduction in salary ©
and fees. We have also implemented modest staff furlough .-
plans within the UK and Europe, which we believe is prudent,
to retain maximum flexibility in protecting the business.

To date, the Group has seen minimal impact to its in-flight
projects, following a successful and seamless transition to”
remote working with its clients. Core projects have continued
to progress with minimal pressure on fee rates, no material,
cancellations and excellent client feedback. Alpha, similar to
many companies, is facing a shifting business development
environment but has continued to make solid progress at the
start of the new financial year, with good win rates and project
extensions. We also expect that the earlier cost protection
actions we have taken will help us through the uncertainty
going forwards. The Board and leadership team will continue
to monitor data points and leading indicators to respond
appropriately to market conditions.

Summary of Financial Performance ‘ -

The Group has continued to demonstrate strong growth ‘in the
year, despite the market and political uncertainty globally through
much of 2019, including around the UK's Brexit discussions and
general election. This has resulted in net fee income" increasing
by 17.1% to £88.9m (FY 19: £76.0m), adjusted EBITDA by
22.9% to £20.2m (FY 19: £16.5m) and adjusted profit before tax
by 15.2% to £18.6m (FY 19: £16.2m). The outstanding work.that
our consultants deliver while working on some of the largest,

most complex and challenging projects in the asset and wealth
management industry has allowed us to see excellent client

* retention rates as well as the addition of new clients in all regions.

am particularly pleased to report that the North American
region achieved excellent growth this year, as expected, with
Net fee income increasing by 57.4% to £14.4m (FY 19: £9.2m)
and revenue similarly. This demonstrates that our blueprint for
geographic expansion is successful, and we will continue to
invest in people and further our global reach, while exercising
prudence, as part of the Group growth strategy.

While | am pleased with FY 20 performance, the Board is not
recommending a final dividend for the year. We believe that
this is the correct, prudent approach to maximise the Group's

, balance sheet strength through the current period of uncertainty,

to align with the cost mitigants and deferrals implemented
‘across the business and, in the interests of all stakeholders,
to help position Alpha as well as possible for the future.

Operational Review

During the year, the Group continued to see strong demand
for its service offering, subject matter expertise and consulting
support across the asset and wealth management value chain.
At a global level, | am delighted to confirm that the Group
added 102 new clients during the year, with a number of those
coming from our successful acquisitions and integrations of
Obsidian and Axxsys, as well as in new jurisdictions including
Australia and Canada. Continued interest in and demand for
the Alpha proposition enabled a good set of results to be
delivered across all the Group's core geographies: the UK,
North America, Europe & Asia.

We have continued to progress our strategy through organic

* growth, developing the service offering for our clients and

delivering value for our stakeholders. We have seen expansion
and good revenue contributions from our well-established
practices such as Investments, Distribution, M&A Integration
and Operations & Outsourcing, as well as further geographic
extension within our global locations. We also saw a good
performance from our newer practices such as ETF &
Indexing, Digital and Regulatory Compliance. We expect to
seé further interest and demand in those areas as structural

_ drivers such as demographic change increase the importance

Net fee income is revenue net of incidental rechargeable experises. Please see note 4 for further detail


===== page 11 =====
9

of effective digital experiences, and as the industry continues
to consolidate and implement further regulatory changes. The
ADS component of the business has also made progress int”
the year, both through increasing its client footprint and with
the acquisition of Obsidian.

During the year, we launched the P&Rl practice as part of

a roadmap to move into the insurance sector and strategy

to diversify our service offering across the value chain. _
We welcomed two new directors to the UK team to lead the
practice and are delighted that their increasing client focus in’
this space, combined with working closely with other Alpha
business practices to ensure that we can provide a
comprehensive proposition and delivery experience for all our
clients, is already gaining traction with new client project wins.
As the business grows, it is increasingly important for us to *
assess and disclose how sustainability informs the way we
plan and operate. The overriding objective has always been ;
to ensure that our: business model remains effective and
sustainable in the longer term. As part of this, we have
consolidated and are in the process of formalising Alpha’s
ESG approach. We have begun the journey to adhere to a
formal disclosure framework, a description of which we are
Including in our Annual Report 2020.

In the last month of the financial year, our key operational
focus was securing the health and safety of our people and - ..
transitioning to remote working in the context of the COVID-19
pandemic. Leveraging our strong operational, technological ‘;
and cultural foundations, we were able to transition quickly
and effectively, and did not see any material disruption to our
business operations. We have also worked closely with all our
clients, again without material disruption to our client delivery
engagements. As we enter a period of economic uncertainty,
! am confident that our high-performing team and flexibility to
respond to client demand in many different environments and

‘support our client stakeholders through this turbulent time.

Geographic Overview

As a global business, we can provide an exceptional end-to-end
advisory service to our clients, irrespective of where they are
located; as well as support our larger clients on international
change programmes. | am delighted to present our regional 1
financial figures for the period: ‘

Annual Report 2020
eB , 12monthsto 12 monthsto.
ai 31March 2020 31 March 2019 Change
Net Fée Income _
UK : £505m  £45.4m 11.4%,
+North America £14.4m £9.2m 57.4%
Elirope & Asia £24,0m ——-£21L.4m 1.7%
ain £88.9m _£76.0m _17.1%
- Gross Profit
UK £22.2m £19.7m 12.8%)
North America £4.8m £17m 187.3%
Europe & Asia £7.4m £77m_—_ (4.1)%
: £34.4m £29.1m 18.3%
Asat Asat
31March 2020 31 March 2019 Change -
Consultant Headcount
UK a 217 174 24.7%
North America 68 5S 23.6%
Europe & Asia 151 133 13.5%
Year-end totals ” 436 362 20.4%

ra ‘ain very pleased with the exceptional growth that we have
seen ‘this year in the North American business, achieving our
‘aim’ to‘make substantial gains in that market after investing in

" and strengthening the team in the previous year. We added
several new domestic clients in the region, which has
demonstrated the importance, interest and breadth of the
Alpha service offering to clients on both sides of the Atlantic.
We have also established an office in Toronto as part of our
acquisition of Axxsys, which both complements and enhances
the reach of our existing US offices. Our growth in North America
has.also been recognised by Forbes, who identified us as one
of “America’s Best Management Consulting Firms” this year.

locations will help ensure that we remain resilient and can fully The.UK.remains the geography with the largest revenues within

the Group and we are delighted with the growth achieved this
year in the context of some sustained political and economic
uncertainty. Decision making from many clients improved
following the UK general election, although it has been
disrupted once again with the onset of COVID-19. We are
monitoring the situation and will continue to act to protect our
business and people, as and when required, in a careful and

* considered manner.
f


===== page 12 =====
10

‘Annual Report 2020

Global Chief Executive Officer's Report continued

There was a consistent performance across Alpha Europe & Asia,
which includes offices in Singapore, France, Luxembourg, the
Netherlands, Switzerland and, following the acquisition of. ;
Axxsys, Denmark. We continue to be recognised as one of
the leading management consultancies in those jurisdictions,
once again being recognised as a “#1 consulting firm” by ©
Décideurs Magazine in France". We see the Nordics and
Central Europe as a key area of growth and, as part of this,
the Group appointed a new Chief Executive Officer of Central
Europe for Axxsys. This appointment is a significant move in
our Strategic objective to become a market leader in that area.

We see Asia as a region with exceptional growth potential over
the longer term. We have been extending our footprint there by
growing our team in Singapore and implementing projects for
clients across the region, including in Hong Kong and Australia.
We will continue to invest in our people there to ensure that -
we can demonstrate Alpha’s fantastic knowledge and talent,"
as well as take advantage of opportunities that arise.

The Group's year-on-year growth reflects an expanding
international footprint and growing global reputation as the
consulting partner of choice for clients across the asset and
wealth management value chain as we continue to support
some of their most complex and challenging projects. Our ‘
‘strong financial figures, international awards and operational
growth indicate that we have a geographical expansion
blueprint that remains successful and allows us to be well |
positioned for the years ahead.

Our People

Alpha’s people are our greatest strength and we are proud of
the exceptional calibre and commitment of our global teams. ;
The quality of our people allows us to support and deliver,
some of the most complex and high-profile change programmes
within the asset and wealth management industry, and to
retain very strong recognition and loyalty across our client base.

We are committed to hiring and retaining the very best ‘Guality .
of people at every level, and this year we have increased our:
global headcount to 436 (March 2019: 362). Of that headcount
figure, an increase of 30 is attributable to the organic growth
of the existing business, with the remaining 44 arising from the
Group's acquisition activity in the year. We have also increased

our director team by 13 globally, through a combination of key
hires and promotions, which further reflects our growth and
investment in people this year.

We recognise the high performance of our people through
financial, operational and other people-orientated initiatives and
incentives. We are proud to have market-leading compensation

Packages to ensure that we attract and retain the very best

consulting talent. We provide our employees with a profit share,
linked to Company performance, as well as the opportunity to
take part in employee equity schemes to become shareholders
in Alpha. During the reporting period, 3,374,881 share options
were awarded to new joiners and certain members of the
Senior management team. As of 31 March 2020, approximately
17% of the Company’s issued share capital with voting rights
was held by employees. We will continue to benchmark our
financial incentive schemes against the industry in order to
maintain best-in-class compensation and, therefore, attract
the best candidates in the market and achieve market-leading
retention rates.

In supporting a global client base, our consultants are required
to work across different locations and time zones. We make
sure that our technology and operations are cloud based,
secure and versatile to allow them to work wherever they need
in order to support our clients most effectively. Our strong
operations were put to the test following decisions to work
from home due to COVID-19, and the resilience of our people
and operational infrastructure meant that we were able to
quickly and successfully move to remote working whilst
maintaining every aspect of delivery excellence for our clients.

Alpha’s unique culture and quality have always been an
important part of working at Alpha and a fundamental part

of our historic success. We work hard to maintain the same
Culture globally, which in turn ensures the same high level of
quality of delivery for our clients. This unique culture has been
recognised globally, for example allowing us to win a place in
the Sunday Times 100 Best Small Companies to Work For list
for four consecutive years, as well as being named as a “Best
of the Best” in the 2020 Asia Asset Management Awards
(Journal of Irivestments & Pensions).

We remain committed to providing an open and collaborative
working environment. Following the transition to remote
working due to COVID-19, the Alpha team designed and

Joint first position with McKinsey and BCG in “asset management", joint first position with Bain, McKinsey and BCG In “wealth management”


===== page 13 =====
: oO ll

‘Annual Report 2020

launched an internal programme that focusses on the pillars of
wellbeing, productivity, technology and community. By sharing
best practice, keeping connected, optimising the use of remote
functionality and tools, and supporting one another, our people
are promoting the very best aspects of the Alpha culture.

Our employees are and will always be the main reason for thé
Group's ongoing success. Whether this is in developing new
products and ideas through the “Innovation at Alpha” platform,
running our diversity and inclusion initiatives, or deciding on
our partnership with a charity for the year, they remain central
to how Alpha is run.

Growth Strategy and Acquisitions

The Group continues to follow a growth strategy that is both
organic and inorganic to achieve its objective to be recognised
as the leading global asset and wealth management i”
consultancy. In the period, as part of the strategy, the Group
has expanded through acquisition into complementary data
and technology services.

Historically, Alpha has mainly grown organically, and experience
has shown that our business model can lead to successful
expansions of our service offering, geographic footprint and
our ability to cater to increasingly large parts of the asset

and wealth management value chain, such as vendors and
third-party administrators in addition to traditional asset
managers and asset owners. We continue to see shifting
structural changes across the industry, and we will utilise our
reputation for exceptional service to act on opportunities for
organic growth as part of our strategy. We have increased our
range of services in the past year from 12 practices to 13, and
we expect that to grow as we explore new industry opportunities
and client propositions.

During the year, the Group made two strategic acquisitions.

In both cases, the acquired organisation provided services
that enhanced the Group's strengths and business lines,
which In turn enhanced our client proposition in all regions.
The addition of Axxsys has brought a strong technology-led
consulting service offering to the Group's core functions, in _
particular, extending our expertise in SimCorp and investment :
management piatforms. Meanwhile, Obsidian has created a
strong complementary software development and product
expertise within the ADS team.

These acquisitions have added to Alpha’s organic growth this
year, enabling strong local introductions and cross-selling
opp tunities in the markets where they operate, with
Obsidian bringing an increased focus on the alternatives
Space and Axxsys incorporating a strong pension client base.
Acquisition remains a key part of the Group's growth strategy
and we will continue to monitor how we implement that
strategy in line with both market opportunity and client
demand. We will keep seeking investment opportunities that
provide diversified and established revenues, looking in
particular at data and product businesses and technology
consulting firms that can complement and grow the Group's
service offering.

Current Trading and Outlook

We aré reporting on a strong FY 20 but remain conscious that
we are navigating a period of economic uncertainty. Despite
thésé difficult times, and at the point of writing, we have seen
alimitéd impact on change projects and Alpha remains in a
good position with’a substantial net cash balance, a strong
client base and a robust business model.

|am confident that the structural drivers facing the industry
remain and, therein, the opportunity to continue to broaden
our geographic footprint and offering for clients, and, in turn,
for.our investors. We are monitoring and responding to the
COVID-19 situation as it unfolds and we are in a good position
to evolve and adapt our approach as is required.

Finally, | would like to join with Ken in thanking everyone at
Alpha. The business growth and successes that Alpha enjoys
would not be possible without the teamwork, energy and
dedication of all Alpha's employees in delivering projects of
the highest quality every day for our clients. The response of our
people to the COVID-19 challenge globally has demonstrated
the exceptional talent, resourcefulness and team spirit across
the Group. | believe that Alpha has the best consulting team in
the industry, which will continue to position the Group well and
allow_us to achieve our strategic objectives.


===== page 14 =====
Strategic Report

14 AtaGlance

18 Market Overview

24 Business Model

32 Strategy

34 Section 172 Statement

38 Key Performance Indicators

40 Risk Management \

The power of")

our people cod
growthe — ~u
business !



===== page 15 =====


===== page 16 =====
14

Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report

Ata Glance:

creating a global
growth model

North
America

65+ Consultants

New York (2009)
Boston (2015)
Toronto (2019)

UK

215+ Consultants

London (2003)
Edinburgh (2016)

“Europe

* 135 Consultants

‘Luxembourg (2008)
Paris (2010)
Amsterdam (2015)
Geneva (2017)
Zurich (2019)
Copenhagen (2019)

Asia
15+ Consultants

Singapore (2017)



===== page 17 =====
ah : 1S

pos ‘Annual Report 2020

Our story so far...

‘First-we: j ;

* Became known to our clients for the high quality
of our .
Focused on outsourcing, operational change and -

MA integration, with emerging distribution and front .
office capabilities

Then we:
. *. Capitalised on our reputation for market-leading
consulting advice; ‘

lished our global capability and reputation for!
——~delivering'some’of the'most‘challenging’and‘complex—
" "+ projects in the industry. : ‘

both globally and across
age of domestic markets by growing and
differentiating the service offering;

* Pursue our objective to be recognised as the leading
global asset and wealth management consultancy. !



===== page 18 =====
16

‘Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report

At a Glance continued

2003

Alpha is founded in
London as a provider of
specialist consultancy
services to the asset and
wealth management
industry.

‘Timeline depicts calendar years

2008

Europe presence
is established, with
the opening of the

Luxembourg office.

2009. ‘| 2013 2015

US presence is aan Investment in Alpha Alpha’s Diversity and
established, with the by Baird Capital. Inclusion programme
openingofthe .  ‘ + is launched.

New York office. =” ‘

2014

New specialist practice
Alpha Technology
Services is launched.

Creation of the
Distribution and
Front Office practices.

Alpha has.
been selected as \
Management Consultancy
of the Year in the Journal
of Investments & Pensions {4
Asia Asset Management
Best of the Best
awards in 2020



===== page 19 =====
: ~
, 17

Annual Report 2020
\
\
~ “
wy
~~
: 1

2016 2018 .. 2020
Investment in Alpha by Dunedin, Creation of the FinTech’& Alpha continues to grow,
with Baird Capital exiting in full. Innovation practice. reporting the most

Alpha has c. 200 consultants across

successful financial year

six offices.

Creation of the investment ue
Guidelines and Regulatory .
Compliance practices.

2017

Asia presence is established, with. -.
the opening of the Singapore office.

Creation of the Digital practice. .
Acquisition of TrackTwo; new specialist
practice Alpha Data Solutions is launched.

Successful AIM admission with a market

to date, with Group
revenues of £90.9m.

2019

Creation of the ETF & Indexing practice.

Successful acquisition of Axxsys, including
a Toronto office and extending presence
into North America.

‘Creation of the Pension & Retail

Investments practice.

capitalisation of £160m. Alpha has 240

consultants across nine offices. Successful acquisition of Obsidian, expanding

“the Alpha Data Solutions proposition.

‘Alpha has been
selected #1 Consulting
Firm in France by
Décideurs Magazine 2020

in both the categories of
‘ “asset management” and.
ealth management”



===== page 20 =====
18

Annual Report 2020 .

Alpha helps its clients in the asset and wealth
management industry to transform their
business models, implement change and
respond to an ever-changing market and

regulatory landscape.

Market Context rn
Alpha is a leading global consultancy to the asset and weaith .
management industry. The industry is made up of a large number
of organisations including the asset and wealth managers
themselves, but also platforms, intermediaries and service:
providers that provide support and vital infrastructure as part
‘of a dynamic marketplace. :

Alpha works with all types of organisations within the industry,
and its clients are of all shapes, sizes and levels of maturity. _
They range from the largest multinational asset managers to :
small boutique hedge funds and wealth managers. ra
Alpha has expertise and supports clients across the whole asset
and wealth management value chain, apart from advising on
investment decisions. Its experience, which:it organises *
through 13 business practices, extends acrdss the ‘consulting
lifecycle from strategy, to the operating model and process
design, to vendor selection, to change delivery and support.

COVID=19 .

COVID-19 poses a risk to the asset and wealth management
industry at large. Although the consequences of the pandemic
aré uncertain in the medium and even long term, short-term
‘disruption to the industry, the markets and the workforce is
‘already in evidence. Alpha and its clients have moved to remote
working in order to comply with government regulations and
safeguard the health and wellbeing of their people. Alpha has
been able to respond quickly and effectively to ensure that it is
‘operationally fit and able to service its clients’ needs. Further
. details on how Alpha has achieved this can be found in the
* “response to COVID-19” section of the Role in Society report.

At the end of FY 20, it is impossible to predict the duration and
scale of impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on the
industry and, therefore, on demand for the Group's services.
Historically, however, the asset and wealth management
industry has remained resilient during market downturns and
may also do so during this one, although it is sensible to expect
_ that many organisations will need to adjust their core business
__in the short term, while innovating and evolving in the medium
to long term". The Group also believes that its highly
regarded, diversified service proposition is well positioned to
igate through an expected period of market turbulence and
ncertainty. The overall structural drivers of increasing cost
pressures, regulatory change and increases in assets under
management within the industry will also remain.



===== page 21 =====
19

‘Annual Report 2020

Structural Drivers

Irrespective of the COVID-19 conditions, the asset and wealth |
management industry is going through significant structural -
change, and several high-level themes are driving innovation ‘
and transformation: increasing cost pressure and regulatory °°
change, alongside a growth in assets under management.
Holistically, the industry remains resilient’* and adept at
growing in line with these structural drivers, but challenges still
exist, which Alpha is well placed to identify and support. .

Strong revenue growth delivered
over multiple years.

These challenges include the need to protect margins, increase
operating efficiency and address the changing needs and
expectations of customers. Furthermore, there is a constant . |
backdrop of regulatory change and unfolding political and ‘
macro-economic events. Asset managers are acting on this . 381 clients assisted

complex mix by increasing efficiencies and addressing the ':-' [EMMERete’ tuding asset managers, wealth
changing needs of customers by adapting their profiles, for
example through the diversification of asset classes and
Products, such as multi-asset products, liability-driven solutions,
ESG and alternatives'’. The Group's consulting model has
allowed it to engage with clients to help them understand and .
meet these challenges, through profitability benchmarking i
analysis, automation, enhanced operating models or processes;
product Innovation, improved sales and marketing effectiveness,
and overall strategy reviews.

managers and platform providers.

generating consultants
operating globally.

™ Moody's, “Asset Management - Global: 2020 Outlook” (December-2019)
'$ Alpha Outlook 2020, “Profitability: Rising to the top of the agenda” January 2020)


===== page 22 =====
20

Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report

Market Overview continued

Alpha is also seeing clients prepare for a significant iransfer.and
growth of wealth from the “baby boomer” generation to its heirs.
Over $15tn is expected to transition over the next decade'®
and asset and wealth managers are preparing for how best to
manage this. It is driving significant operating model changes
including front-to-back digitisation, enhanced distribution * .
models, and a greater focus on technology and data. Alpha’s _
‘subject matter experts in wealth, distribution and digital are at
the forefront in their knowledge and perspective; and are
helping clients through this period of significant change.

This year, the Group has continued to develop its propositions
to meet the changing demands of its clients and to help them
meet the unique challenge to both adapt to the structural drivers
and to differentiate within the industry. Alpha’s highly qualified
consultants are doing this in a variety of ways, from designing
effective ESG processes and approaches, to redeveloping.
end-to-end customer journeys that meet changing demographic
needs, such as for the aforementioned new inheritors of wealth.

In this market context, firms are also likely to continue to look for
M&A opportunities" to strengthen their businesses by acquiring
New capabilities and products as well as growing existing ones.
Strategic M&A can help managers to launch or strengthen their
offerings in specific asset classes or geographies, build scale
and improve margins, or add new specialisms such as ‘data.
science. Alpha has a strong track record of supporting its ,
clients in pre-M8A due diligence and business case develpment;
as well as in post-M&A integration planning and implementation.
Alpha’s teams have a deep and proven record of interpreting
clients’ needs and recommending the most effective
strategies, operating models and technology solutions using .
experience, expertise and knowledge of vendors and Pi
in the marketplace. :

‘© Penta, “The Wealthy Will Transfer $15.4 Trillion by 2030” (June 2019)
* Deloitte, "2020 investment Management Outlook” (January 2020
‘8 “AUM" refers to assets under management

Geographic Demand

The structural drivers of change and macro factors are
applicable across all markets and, therefore, Alpha sees
similar demand for its services across all of the regions in
Which it operates, albeit with some local nuances. Regulatory
regimes are different in each jurisdiction and geopolitical

*_ factors may also have separate impacts in different regions.

Alpha’s global network of offices and teams ensures that its
consultants align to the same brand of delivery excellence
everywhere while, at the same time, being able to respond to
loca! demand and provide specialist local knowledge. For
example, the Group has seen significant growth and potential
inAsia-and recognises that, by 2025, Asia AUM"® is expected
to double to $29.6tn'®, outpacing any other region globally.
This expected outperformance is underpinned by longer term
trends including high-growth economies, rising wages and
favourable demographics. Consequently, Alpha continues to
focus on Asia, principally through the Group’s Singapore
office, while investigating potential new office locations in this
large region.

Alpha continues to invest in all 12 client offices from which it
Operates, in London, Edinburgh, Luxembourg, Paris, Geneva,
Zurich, Amsterdam, New York, Boston, Singapore, Toronto and
Copenhagen, in addition to its new development capability in
Belgrade from the Obsidian acquisition. These offices are part
of the Group's strategic growth story; they enable Alpha to initiate
delivery relationships with clients across the globe as well as to
support multinational clients on strategic engagements globally.
The Group looks forward to future long-term expansion, repeating
the Growth blueprint that has worked so successfully in the US
1d across multiple other regions.

As the Group continues to expand, there will be opportunities to
strengthen regional presences and open new offices. However,
the Group maintains that opening new offices is always

- conditional upon identifying the right people with the right blend

of experience and expertise, and the ability to maintain and
fepresent Alpha’s culture, talent and strong corporate values.

'® PwC, “Asset & Wealth Management 2025: The Asian ‘Awakenisigt “(age 2019) ,



===== page 23 =====
gl a

Annual Report 2020

bie

Competitive Environment

Alpha is a provider of consultancy and complementary services
and, therefore, has a range of competitors in the market. These
include professional services companies, specialist global
consulting firms and local consulting boutiques.

As asset management continues to outperform other industriés
within financial services”, there is an increased focus and interest
in the asset and wealth management space from professional
services firms, for example, the “Big 6""". However, Alpha
remains in a very strong position to compete through its highly
focussed proposition to the asset and wealth management London, Edin’ burg h, Boston, New York,
industry, a global reputation amongst clients for consistently Am sterdam, Luxem bourg, Paris,

delivering to the highest standards, as well as differentiating _ q “
intellectual property, data analytics solutions and benchmarking ' Geneva, Zurich, Singapore, Toronto

information. Through acquisitions, the establishment of new - ' and Copenhagen.
practices and new specialist hires, Alpha has also demonstrated
a proven ability to understand the structural drivers in the

market, to innovate and develop the service offering accordingly.

Collectively, this compounds Alpha’s reputation within the
industry, ensures its strong position when compared to‘
competitors, and enables the creation of long-term relationships
that produce cross-sell and repeat business. opportunities.,
Meanwhile, Alpha’s recognised brand in the marketplace and
reputation for a meritocratic working culture allow the Group to
attract the best talent, including consultants both at the start
and mid-way through their careers, as well as at director level.

Addressable Market

Alpha engages with clients across the asset and wealth value
chain, from small managers with a few hundred million dollars
in assets under management to large multinationals with
trillions of dollars under management. According to a recent _
‘study by PwC, the asset and wealth management industry
continues to grow, controlling an estimated $100tn in assets
worldwide in 2019"; and AUM is expected to increase to

an estimated $145.4tn by 2025%, Although the impact of
COVID-19 on this outlook is yet to be quantified, the industry's
fundamentals remain strong and indicative of further growth +
‘over the long term.

by AUM, and 74% of the top 50.

pi

* McKinsey, “Beyond the Rubicon: Asset Management in an era of unrélenting change” (November 2019)
2" “Big 6" comprises PwC, KPMG, Deloitte, EY, Accenture and IBM:

# PwC, “Asset and Wealth Management Revolution: Investor perspectives” (November 2019)

® Funds Europe, “AUM Growth to 2026 Strong not Stellar” (February 2019)” .


===== page 24 =====
22

Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report

Market Overview continued

Alpha’s addressable market extends beyond traditional asset
and wealth managers to the vendors and platforms that support
them, to specific asset owners and boutique alternatives, such
as private assets, real assets and hedge funds. The Group’
recognises that there are opportunities to further expand its
addressable market into other parts of the financial services
sector that it does not currently service, where Alpha could
utilise its existing expertise and connections to develop a
market-leading proposition. Alpha has progressed a roadmap
to extend its services into insurance during the financial year
through the set-up of the Pensions & Retail Investments *
practice, making key hires to develop the proposition in this
natural adjacency.

Each of Alpha’s clients has a range of priorities, responses and
plans to address the structural, geographical and macro drivers
impacting the asset and wealth management industry. Alpha’s
deep expertise within the asset and wealth management
industry, wide geographic footprint and deep understanding
of the drivers of change allow it to predict and meet client .
demand. Through its understanding of these drivers, Alpha
can support its clients through all stages of their complex *
change programmes as they try to grasp and adapt to the,
evolving marketplace. Alpha has always invested in its people,
practices and capabilities, and will continue to do so to.ensure
that it can meet the changing needs of its clients and the
wider market while, at the same time, providing the best level
of service and expertise.

- Bperisnees

Aanager4singapoc)

[TigineditheyApha Singaporetcaminpuly20 Slatted
iomevenrsinfcoponcoarenckinecatvet cclocen
Ratmatter{of pure. chances nad]oumpediintoatcontaciy
Pa owza colleague) inthellobbyolfa\buildingwhergll|nad}

errvedimacvanceoiaymectngg ateginaiycay Qwe)

[caughtjup over{cotfeessandithathwaslnowll gotltolknow]

fabouvAlphas

:

PE Iweret pressedlordentiiyeysingleraspectatney ost

BB ValuablefexperiencesolimystimelatyAlphahas\beenttnc]

Si derexposureiyclentengagements inativecnioved
[crom{nvestmenticompliancegtoyreguiatonyreporting gto)
[datalnfrasiructure feveryiproiecthas\been|intellectuallYg

imulatingyand has provided amideal platformitosupgraco

BR ry ,contenicnowledgefandhonetmy clienislacing lang)

Mprojectmanagemeniskiistbutwiatinaciuivertmeriney
Fconfidencetofperformitheserolesihasibeenithey

sa powerfull supportiofimyfcolleaguesswholmakelAlpna)

Sesuchta compelling organisation toywork\fors

t

3 While stilllunbornhistoriansywilllhaveythellastlword
2ozGanillikel leavedeepisca'syeconomesan)

Basocietiesracrossithe globeyAsargioballbusinesss

ex alohalnasitrulybeenfputttowtnestestiyine}resilicnceol
ftheforganisationathesforethoughtfoflieadershiogand)
perhaps\aboverallgourgcommitment[toithe)values\we]
foreaciNnaveyoeeniegelmpressiveroqnitness4 aT}

“a ff IK a 0 ate La Qa cS ft

‘fompaas i.

llevell

og, °
LvAon



===== page 25 =====
ae 23

Paty Annual Report 2020

i

“The powerful support

of my colleagues makes
Alpha such a compelling
organisation to work for.”

Alpha employee



===== page 26 =====
24

Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report

Business Model

The Group's business model aims to deliver great
outcomes for clients and sustainable long-term
growth for shareholders by providing consulting
and complementary technology and data solutions
across the investment management value chain.

Highlights for FY 20

* Successful Axxsys integration, strengthening
the technology consulting offering;

* Successful Obsidian integration, diversifying !
the ADS product;

* Strong performance of the US business, creating .. *

a significant opportunity for further growth and
geographic expansion within North America;

* Launch of the Pensions & Retail Investments
practice as part of roadmap to move into

insurance adjacency; and

* Addition of offices in Canada and Denmark.

Client Focus

Alpha aims to be the leading global consultancy in the asset
and wealth management industry, with an unrelenting focus on
industry expertise and delivery excellence for its clients. In order
to fulfil this aim, the Alpha business model puts its clients’ needs
front and centre of everything that the Group does.

The business model is designed to be as flexible as possible
and necessary to service clients, prioritising an ability to reach
client entities in a multitude of geographic locations, growing
subject matter expertise and deepening experience in the
end-to-end asset and wealth management value chain.

The Group's range of business practices, through which its
knowledge and client propositions are organised, are managed
to support all the various teams and departments that operate
within client organisations. To this end, during the year, Alpha
has further diversified its business model both geographically,
by adding Denmark and Canada to its office locations, and
through its proposition, in the creation of the P&RI practice,
and the maturity of ADS.

Acquisitions that the Group has undertaken during the year
align to this client-centric view. The acquisition of Obsidian
allowed the Group to expand the ADS proposition, in turn
providing the market with a more comprehensive and richer
Suite of data and business intelligence products. The acquisition
of Axxsys enables the Group to target and address a strong
demand for investment management technology implementations
and advisory support.

Me


===== page 27 =====
‘Organic Growth

A 25

Annual Report 2020

service Providers

Alpha’s strategy focusses
‘on organic growth through
expansion into new
geographies, broadening
Its service offering and
-, bullding the client base. ,-

Front
litte

© Practices
Client segments

Inorganic Growth
Acquisitions can support

Alpha's Strategy organic growth in adding
in Acti on {new services and expertise:

that the Group can take
‘ to clients.



===== page 28 =====
26

Annual Report 2020

Acquisitions . 7

Alpha’'s stated objective is to generate growth both orgatic
and through acquisitions. Working in and knowing the industry:
helps the Group to identify optimal acquisition targets, and:

it has been able to develop a timely and efficient integration
process. Acquisition targets are represented by companies
with highly complementary products and services, who are
also at a point in their lifecycle that provides exceptional value
for Alpha shareholders as well as a potential for significant. .
further growth. Both of Alpha’s acquisitions this year have :
demonstrated these characteristics. ‘

In June 2019, the Group acquired Axxsys, a specialist business
and technology consultancy for the asset and wealth :
management industry, with renowned expertise, particularly ir in: ‘
the implementation and optimisation of the SimCorp Dimension
investment platform. The acquisition brought. significant benefits
to the Alpha Group:

* Aproven, technology-focussed skillset that enhances the’
Group's consulting offering to clients and enables access _
to previously unavailable change budgets;

* A team of 30+ technical consultants whose skills are
highly complementary to the existing Alpha Technology
Services (“ATS”) proposition for delivering leading-edge
technology solutions; :

* Acomplementary geographic footprint, with offices it in
‘strategic locations for Alpha: North America (Toronto)
and continental Europe (Copenhagen);

* Good revenue visibility from a strong client base with ai
range of long-term projects, as well as a healthy pipeline
of work across SimCorp Dimension and other key , :
investment platforms; and ‘ S

« Excellent cross-selling opportunity, bringing new slients
to the distribution model.

The integration of Axxsys was completed on, Schedule at the erid
of the third quarter of FY 20. Axxsys has performed extremely
well since the acquisition, leveraging synergies with Alpha's.

client base to continue to expand the business and
contributing £7.1m in revenues in the financial year. © >"

In'November 2019, the Group acquired Obsidian, a specialist
software solutions business for the investment management
industry. Obsidian offers advanced data analytics, visualisation
anid technology solutions to complement the Group’s ADS
product offering. By the time of the acquisition, Alpha had
already partnered with Obsidian to sell jointly a combined
product solution to a major Alpha client, hence proving the
solution and client demand, and materially de-risking the
transaction. In addition to a leading cloud-based product
Suite, the acquisition has brought the Group:

21 new clients with an existing Obsidian products licence,
providing a new recurring revenue stream;

A strong hedge funds offering, enabling the Group to target
additional clients;

An offshore technology development centre in Belgrade; and
A team of 10 highly skilled development specialists.

The integration programme to align product code bases,
improve security and integrate support functions has largely
been completed as at the end of the financial year. Together,
Alpha, and Obsidian have an enhanced suite of data and
technology solutions that will form the basis of a recurring
licence revenue stream.

Technology

US Technology
‘Awards 2019

Obsidian won the
HFM US Technology awards
for Best CRM System and
Most Disruptive Technology
Solution in 2019
(prior to acquisition)



===== page 29 =====
27

Annual Report 2020

The Group continues to explore acquisition possibilities and’
maintain a pipeline of further targets, which are carefully a
evaluated to ensure business alignment and the opportunity *
for strategic progress. Acquisitions will most likely be in’ : 1
niche product businesses within the ADS practice, or smaller
consultancies that offer additional expertise or the potential;
to develop the Group's geographic reach. The Group will ; *:
selectively proceed with those that provide the greatest value '
through the addition of new expertise, products, services and
people to serve more fully the needs of clients and to open up
new client opportunities.

Services and Expertise .
Alpha has 13 business practices, which allow it to organise its
skills, expertise, data, subject matter knowledge and intelléctual
Property according to a client recognised topic. Each practice,
is led by senior directors who are responsible for practice‘
coordination, development of the practice proposition, and the
overall direction and strategy of each practice. This practice
model is also supported by a strong collaborative culture,
technology and operational infrastructure that allow the various
business practices to share knowledge, insights and best :,!*
practice seamlessly. The extensive range of knowledge of the
Alpha team allows the Group to be able to meet any demand:
that its clients may have and allows Alpha’s consultants to
provide the best quality of service regardless of the topic,
location or role in the industry that the client performs. .

As the markets change, the Group continues to extend its.
capabilities to best cater to clients’ evolving profiles and needs.
The Group considers the launch of new practices where there
is client-led demand while, at the same time, pursuing growth
in the existing practice areas. During the period, several of the’
Group's more nascent practices matured further, Such as’
Regulatory Compliance, Digital and ADS, while there were 4
anumber of key client wins for the ETF & Indexing practice, ,
which was launched in the second half of FY 19.

In this period, the Group launched its P&RI practice, which was :
in line with the Group’s objective to diversify its proposition,
as well as forming the first step in a wider strategy to duplicat
Alpha’s success in adjacent areas of the financial services
sector. It offers the Group's clients focussed expertise in the
life and pensions space, allied to Alpha's deep understanding
and experience of managing complex delivery challenges. °

The new practice addresses the growing demand for consulting
‘support from clients in this area across such topics as market
participation strategy, distribution transformation, platform
implementations, cost reduction, regulation and client :
experience; and demonstrates Alpha’s ability to respond to , ,
new opportunities arising in the rapidly changing investment =
management landscape. i

Talented’ People

a) deliver a market-leading service to its clients and meet its

growth-strategy and objectives, the Group seeks to ensure that
the high-performing team remains financially, operationally
and culturally incentivised to provide the best possible service.
Further. details of the Group's engagement and incentivisation
approaches can be found in the “looking after our people”
section of the Role in Society report.

. During § FY 19, the Group launched the “Innovation at Alpha”

platform to engage its employees more formally in the
development of new product, services and business line idea
formation. The platform allows Alpha’s team of consultants to
use their expertise and insights gained from working in the

. industry to provide innovative ideas directly to the senior

management team, which then go through a thorough
consideration and analysis framework before, if appropriate,
approval and development. In the last financial year, 30 ideas
were’ Submitted globally, of which a third were taken forward

. for:assessment and a number of those are currently being
“ ! developed further. Ideas included new products, tools or

services, and successful ideas were rewarded in different
ways including vouchers and recognition at company events.

Alpha‘in Society

Aipha believes that its role in society is critically important to
all areas of the business and business model. It is a topic that
its employees and leadership teams are passionate about; and

” one that presents a significant part of its ability to maintain a

high-performing, sustainable culture.

Alpha also sees that its corporate social responsibility (“CSR”)
and ESG ‘credentials are important to a growing number of
clients, investors and shareholders. This year, Alpha has further
focussed on ensuring it is one of the best places to work for
its. people, developing more its diversity and inclusion (“D&I”)
initiatives; considering the role it plays in the environment and
conimunity, such as becoming carbon neutral in the UK; and
considering the role it plays in society at large, for example in
its expanding charity of the year work.

Alpha has also worked on aligning its D&l, CSR and ESG
initiatives globally to provide further clarity and purpose.
Further details on the role that Alpha plays in society can be
found in the Role in Society disclosure of the Annual Report.



===== page 30 =====
28

Annual Report 2020

Hh hee

Sustainability Focus

Building a sustainable, long-term business model is important

for the Group, its employees, its client stakeholders and investors.

As such, the Group perceives that having a comprehensive,

understanding of the potentially material non-financial factors

that affect the business is crucial to mitigating risks, taking,
advantage of opportunities and ensuring that the business}
model is effective for long-term returns. During the year, Alpha
has begun to formalise its approach and has linked:its ESG

industry-level materiality matrix to recognise environmental

‘and social impacts arising from the production of goods and

‘service; and provides a framework that guides a mininum
level of disclosure based on long-term ESG factors.

.\As"d “professional and commercial services” organisation within

the SASB framework, the identified material factors that impact

* the Group concern data security; workforce diversity and

engagement; and professional integrity. These ESG topics are
réviewed along with specific metrics in the following sections

credentials directly to the Sustainability Accounting: Standards

‘of the Annual Report:
Board (SASB”) framework. The SASB framework applies an ¢ . :

Summ:

y Approach

SASB metrics (including data

Data Maintaining strong, robust and secure operations around data is central
Security to effectively supporting and retaining the trust of the Group's clients, security policy): pp 167-69
colleagues and wider stakeholders, Alpha, follows comprehensive Risk management: pp 40-42
Information security and data privacy strategies and continuously
monitors data security as a principal.tisk.- . a
Workforce The success of the Alpha business is, based on the delivery of high-quality SASB metrics: pp 167-69
Diversity & consulting projects and solutions to clients, wihich, itself relies upon Looking after our people:
Engagement _ having a highly engaged and motivated.workforce. Alpha recognises the pp 52-57

importance of an engaged, motivated ind diverse ‘team of employees
and, as such, has in place several i itiatives that seek, to maintain an
inclusive culture, recognise achieverne nt and support all employees.

Acting and being seen to act with the highest standards of professional
integrity is critical to developing and maintaining a trusted partner status
with clients. Working with professional {Ategrity is a'éore value at Alpha,
which is monitored through loca! gowerriance forums and the client
delivery oversight framework. The CSR initiatives of thé Group further
uphold this commitment to acting with transparency, honesty and
personal integrity within society.-

Professional
Integrity

SASB metrics: pp 167-69

Community & corporate
social responsibility: pp 60-67

“T've never heard a consultancy partner spoken
about more positively across such.a broad variety
of business partners than Alpha, and that’
includes our strategy and Big 4 consultants.”

President, global asset manager



===== page 31 =====
29

Annual Report 2020

Alpha also understands that reporting its impact on the
environment is important to its investors as they consider
systemic risks that may affect their portfolios. Alpha remains °
committed to minimising its impact on the environment and
has increased its focus this year on iterating, improving and
meeting its environmental obligations. There are multiple policies
in place to ensure an environmentally friendly place of work
but, more widely, the Group is currently on the journey of
reducing its global carbon footprint and has made formal
steps in the UK (the Group's largest jurisdiction) during the
year to achieve that aim. Further details and key metrics can”
be found in the “environment” section of the Role in Society
report. This is the first year that Alpha is providing a formal
ESG and environment disclosure, and it will continue to iterate
and improve this process in future years. .

The Group operates a robust and effective governance and !
risk management framework to ensure that it manages risk,
adds value to the business and brings long-term benefits to the
Group's shareholders. Ensuring long-term, sustainable growth
is a key part of the Group’s strategy and business model. More
Information can be found on the Group's objectives and approach
around this topic in the “risk management” section of the
Strategic Report and in the Corporate Governance report.

Generating Value

Alpha provides a market-leading proposition for solving problems
for its.clients through a diverse offering, expert knowledge and
relevant experience. The Group also uses its position as a
feading consultancy to help advise, inform and provide insight
forthe! ‘asset and wealth management industry at large.

Due to ‘the excellent work that Alpha’s employees deliver for
clients, it continues to see high levels of client retention, which
produces repeat client sales year on year as well as cross-sale
opportunities across different business practices. To sustain
this, Alpha puts a strong emphasis on managing its client
relationships; and there is clear individual responsibility on
every client engagement with a senior member of the Alpha
team. This framework ensures both an effective means for
mair taining business relationships on a day-to-day basis and
the ability to clearly report to the executive team, represented
by the Global Management Board, and, where appropriate, the
Bodird of Directors én how those relationships are performing.
The Gréup has been successful in adding organically a further
30 clidnts during the year, as well as gaining several new
Glient from its acquisitions of Obsidian and Axxsys.

In order to fulfil its advisory role and maintain a reputation of
being able to deliver the best and most accurate insights,
Alpha ‘works hard to understand and maintain relationships
with véndors, ‘industry bodies, regulatory authorities and its
competitors in the marketplace. In addition, this knowledge
and these relationships continue to facilitate decision making
within the senior management team and at Board level about
the Group's business activities and growth plans.

The Board recognises the need to have a flexible service
offeting to meet the ever-changing needs of the Group's clients
and with an aim to exceed the proposition being presented by
its competitors. As part of the business model, the Group works
with and has experience of producing high-quality deliverables
for clients across the industry, including asset managers, wealth
managers, alternatives managers, platforms, intermediaries,
service providers and asset owners. This enables the business
model to be continually reviewed and enhanced to ensure that
it still offers a differentiated service proposition, the highest
level of delivery quality and the ability to generate value for the
Group's stakeholders over the long term.

Alpha remains confident that, in serving the asset and wealth
management industry and its stakeholders with an exceptional
proposition and level of service, it is ensuring the ongoing
success of the business. This, in turn, supports the ability of
the Group to provide long-term returns for its shareholders.
The Group will continue to develop its offering by broadening
the range of services that it provides, the types of clients that
it can support, and the geographies from which it operates.


===== page 32 =====
30 Loos i

Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report

Business Model continued

Key Strengths

The key attributes that enable Alpha to provide a strong
and sustainable business model are:

Providing a highly focussed industry proposition
for the asset and wealth management industry;
* Aproven ability to identify talent and invest in the
very best consultants in the market;
* Aunique culture that supports and rewards high levels
of performance, collaboration and integrity;
An integrated service offering and seamless
global reach;
Continual development ot capability and range of
services to both anticipate and meet client requirements;
* A focus on putting clients first and establishing
long-term relationships;
* An emphasis on providing the highest quality of
service to clients and, where possible, exceeding
their expectations; and
An ability to leverage best practice, differentiating
intellectual property and data, state-of-the-art
technology options and invaluable market knowledge
developed over more than 16 years. '

Shona McCluskey
; Manager, UK

1" joined Alpha at the end of January 2020, excited by
the prospect of being part of a small team building the
new Pensions & Retail Investments (“P&RI”) practice.

I started my first P&RI client engagement remotely during
ithe COVID-19 lockdown and | am proud to be part of an
organisation that cares so much about their employees
during challenging times. From remote working waellbelng
initiatives-‘to home team workout challenges and even
remote social coffee clubs, everyone at Alpha has
contributed all around the world. This has ensured that
we are all fully supported to continue to deliver top
quality work for our clients whilst protecting our mental

: health, proving the strength of the Alpha culture despite
the external challenges.

| have enjayed working with such a high calibre and
, ‘supportive team, allowing us to successfully build Alpha’s
; igresence ‘in a new market. It has also been refreshing to
;,, Rave the creative freedom to shape meaningful internal
1 | initiatives where | can see tangible results for the
business. For example, | have been working on a global
HR innovation project and a piece of collaboratis
primary research between the benchmarking and P&RI
' jteam on platform orphan clients.

The people at Alpha make it such a motivating and fun
place to work and | am looking forward to building the
P&RI team further and developing my skills in such a

* dynamic environment.



===== page 33 =====
31

; ‘ Annual Report 2020

pase enagita Caan, tomate eath ar extn Ed
fpotentiaclentsttofcesigntandidevelopinew[producy
feftoringstioginelinancialicc ices nOUSUyy

DunnetnygunteqwitnyA DSMlnaveloversee nieve)
Rout coreyso0\salesvistajoternongarie nolan
feedbactanclupgiadinginelunctonallyang]usaolily)
UTES) %

Bp otcrest|acyalwaysibec a bullding [products bay
Pemaiter CINE MESURE TD OGY OE
TABS. 0 leroy Ehing cE Aare aeATTATE
a fegendalandicreatingimullipleopportuniticiogourg

Reaneoor trina enduser

to hod pattem oro east ct
Brourproduciisety

Ponpestncterameureesnmens

feyesopeningyandylihavelbeenlfortunatestoycollaborate)
fextremelyjhardeworkinglandyskillediteammates4|]

$Poumaytec-ceniya te

ftrefoesttizourclientsfandlloontfonvarcltOjwnatjweyw
Size oot



===== page 34 =====
32

Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report . -

Strategy =

The Group's strategic objective is to be recognised
as the leading global asset and wealth management
consultancy. Alpha will accomplish this by growing
and diversifying its market~ leading proposition both

organically and inorganically.

Alpha continues to build on its previous successes by growing
and expanding the business, leveraging a market-leading
proposition, an understanding of trends in the industry and the
high calibre of its people. Alpha’s strong business model and
long-term growth strategy mean it is well positioned to navigate
the current uncertainty presented by COVID-19: The Directors
are confident that the Group remains well placed to:continue to
meet its strategic objective to become the leading consultancy
to the asset and wealth management value chain globally.

The Group continues to focus on maintaining its client-led organic |.

expansion. This is done through extension of the business model
into new jurisdictions; creating excellent client relationships to
improve retention rates and generate repeat business; and the »
broadening and deepening of existing services, practices and *
propositions. Organic growth remains a key component of Alpha’s
strategy and has been central to Alpha’s growth historically:.-:

Acquisitions of other market-leading propositions are a core
part of the Group's strategy, whereby the Group will selectively
consider opportunities to enhance value, broaden expertise and
complement the existing set of services and products. Through
its own experience, and from working with many clients in the
M&A space, the Group is confident that it has a good blueprint
for successful acquisitions and integrations.

Moving inté additional parts of the asset and wealth management
value chain also represents a key focus for the Directors and
management team of the Group, including expanding into the
insurance market. The Group has made cautious steps into
expanding in this area through the introduction of the P&RI
practice and looks forward to developing a market-leading
reputation to service existing and new clients in those segments.
Through the Group's effective growth and diversification strategy,
the Directors are confident that Alpha will remain successful in
the long run.

The Group continues to develop its overall strategy In three
key ways:

L Expand the existing business practices

+
Alpha serves clients in multiple countries through its successfully
deployed practice model. The Directors have identified that
there is substantial scope to grow the Group's share within these
markets by extending the services that are delivered to existing
clients, or by serving new clients, through the addition of
business practices. The Group will continue to evaluate market
demand for new products and services; and respond to it by

, deepening the proposition and expanding the number of

practices. To achieve this, the Group will invest in its talented
people, the service offering and the practice structure, through a
ombination of internal promotions and external senior hires.



===== page 35 =====
33

Annual Report 2020

2. Roll out the business practices globally

The Group currently provides services to its clients from 12 global
offices in the UK, North America, Europe and Asia. The strategy
Is to extend and strengthen its service proposition globally by
deploying the existing practices consistently across all regions.
This will be achieved by introducing and developing those
specialist practices in each of the Group's jurisdictions. The
Directors believe that the building out of the Group’s proven
practice model across North America, Europe and, ultimately,
Asia will help to meet evolving client demand and drive future
growth globally.

3. Make selective acquisitions

The Group recognises that it can strengthen the service offering

and, therefore, add value through strategic acquisitions.

The Group operates a selective and disciplined approach to
acquisition, considering opportunities of consulting businesses,
technology and data products, and intellectual property that
support and complement organic growth. Alpha believes it is
wall placed to identify technology and data led acquisitions
that would benefit its clients’ operations and, in turn, generate
growth for the Group. A broader range of knowledge and
capabilities can also increase cross-sell potential, as well as
create additional addressable areas of the market. The
Directors are confident that Alpha’s industry proposition and
strong culture offer a compelling platform for the owners of
any such target complementary firms.



===== page 36 =====
34

Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report

Section 172 Statement
and Stakeholder

Section 172 Statement ‘

Under Section 172(1) of the Companies Act 2006, a director of a

company must act in the way he or she considers, in good faith,

would be most likely to promote the success of the company for

the benefit of its members as a whole, and in doing so have

regard (amongst other matters) to:

* The likely consequence of any decision in the long term;

* The interests of the company’s employees; .

* The need to foster the company’s business relationships
with suppliers, customers and others;

* The impact of the company’s operations on the community *
and the environment; :

* The desirability of the company maintaining a reputation for
high standards of business conduct; and

* The need to act fairly as between members of the company.

Engagement

The‘following disclosure describes how the Directors have
had regard to the matters set out in Section 172(1)(a) to (f) and
forms the Directors’ statement under section 414CZA of The
Companies Act 2006.

The Directors remain committed to engaging with all of the
Group's stakeholders and considering their interests when
making any strategic decisions.

Engagement with Key Stakeholders

‘The Board considers its key stakeholders to be its employees,
its shareholders, its clients and the communities in which the
Group operates. The Board also recognises other stakeholder
groups including vendors and suppliers, industry bodies and
competitors with whom Alpha works or associates in the
marketplace. The Board understands that engaging with these
stakeholders strengthens the Group's business relationships
and facilitates its decision making at an executive level, which
is very important for Alpha’s long-term success.


===== page 37 =====
Annual Report 2020

der Group

Employees
Attracting, retaining and developing
the very best people in the industry is
integral to the Group’s culture and
ongoing success. The Group is
committed to providing a highly
rewarding place to work, and to
maintaining a unique and inclusive
culture that places people at the
heart of the business. To achieve this,
there is a strong emphasis on
Interaction, open communication and
the exchange of proactive insights
from the employee base. Employee
feedback has always been a
significant component of that picture.

.

Career development,
Reward

Training and development
Morale and motivation

Reputation
Wellbeing
Health and safety

Form of Engagement

Further Di

Professional qualification
training opportunities
* Mentoring

, * Global employee
Engagement’: ; uy

_ feedback framework

* Leadership

+ communications

* Monthly company
meetings

* Recognition and reward

Role in Society:
pp 52-69

Looking after our
people: pp 52-57

Community &
corporate social
responsibility:
Pp 60-67

Shareholders

The Group places a strong emphasis
on maintaining effective engagement
with its shareholders, which it considers
to be integral to longer-term growth
and success. The Board is committed
to providing good, consistent and
open engagement with shareholders.

.

.

.

transparency
Operating and financial
information =)
Confidence and trust in
the Group's Directors _
Dividends

“e Investor conferences/

“roadshows

+: @* Dedicated investor

section on the website
* Shareholder consultations
. Annual Report
Interim and preliminary
results announcements
* Annual General Meeting
* One-to-one meetings

Corporate
Governance:
pp 72-106
SASB (ESG)
disclosure:
pp 167-69
Risk management:
pp 40-42
Financial
statements:
pp 115-66



===== page 38 =====
36

Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report

Form of Engagement

Clients * Focussed, relevant . "© Senior-level client Business model:
Alpha's successful business model is industry proposition + + relationship management pp 24-30

‘built upon keeping clients’ needs atthe ° Emphasis onclient | * Continuous client Strategy: pp 32-33
core of its proposition, which includes satisfaction : satisfaction monitoring

the Group's geographic network, the * Delivery excellerice © Regional Chief Executive

services it offers and the types of standards Officer responsibility for

.
2
&
a
a
&
$
2

project that it delivers. Central to monitoring client demand

Alpha's growth strategy is continuous * Accuracy'and reliability" *' Industry roundtable
investment in people, locations and of knowledge, advice discussions
knowledge to help all clients address and insights: | |: * Provision of market and
their challenges and best capitalise on ° Subject matter Expertise industry insights
opportunities. The Group holds avery *° Continuous: ‘development * Dialogue with vendors, '
strong emphasis on developing and “of, products and services regulators and industry
sustaining long-term client relationships. am os ‘e at, i bodies
Communities “© ‘Effective engagement’ ;'. * Modern slavery statement Role in Society:
Alpha Is committed to building with local communities’ ‘ * Charity of the Year pp 52-69
positive relationships with the * Working closely with programme work Community &
communities and environment in charities and other. * D&! teams and initiatives corporate social
which it operates. This includes organisations"; "°°. °, * CSR schemes responsibility:
supporting communities and * Building awareness * Work on climate change pp 60-67
organisations local and relevant to around diversity, inclusion and carbon offsetting
the Group's operations; and and CSR issues : 7 * SASB ESG reporting Charity of the year:
considering how to maximise the * Ensuring'efféétive action : Pp 65-66
benefits and minimise the downsides on the environment and Environment:
of its environmental and social impacts. climate change! = pp 68-69 7
* Pursuing a positive ">:
impact on locaband. * .. SASB (ESG)
global environments disclosure:
pp 167-69

~

Further details of the Group's engagement with’ stakeholders can be found throughout this Annual Report, in particular in the
Strategic Report, Role in Society and Corporate Governance’ bisciosures. The Annual Report's various quotes and “experiences”
from employees and clients also provide tangible examples ‘of engagement by the Group with its stakeholders, which ensures that

their interests can form a key part of the decision-making process. .i!



===== page 39 =====
37

Annual Report 2020

Key Board Decisions during the Year _,

The Board considers the following to be the key deéisions and considératiins it has made during the year to 31 March 2020:

‘The Board agreed the FY 19 preliminary financial statement
and Annual Report & Accounts to shareholders.

To Provide transparent and accurate information to the market.

The Board approved the acquisition of Axxsys panies in
June 2019.

"+ To support the Board's strategy of making selective acquisitions

to strengthen the service offering and add value for the benefit
of all stakeholders.

The Board agreed to seek external company secretarial support
and to appoint Prism Cosec as its Company Secretary.» ”

To ensure that all governance requirements were covered, thus
protecting shareholder interests and increasing transparency.

The Board agreed the FY 20 interim report to shareholders’ +
and paid the FY 20 interim dividend to shareholders.

To provide transparent and accurate information to the market.

The Board approved the acquisition of Obsidian Solutions, ‘
Limited in November 2019.

To support the Board's strategy of making selective acquisitions
to strerigthen the service offering and add value for the benefit
of all stakeholders.

The Board reviewed the results of an employee engagement
plan and approved a number of initiatives to be carried out’, '
by the Global Management Board and the HR tears. Wh

To understand the feedback provided by employees, to take
appropriate actions and to ensure the ongoing engagement
of Alpha’ 's employees in respect of implementing positive
changes. When. reviewing the actions to be implemented,
the Board considered the financial consequences and the
impact on long-term value and growth for the shareholders.

‘The Board considered the Group's strategic priorities at its
dedicated strategy session.

To ensure the strategy is still appropriate and to review progress
+ against strategic goals.

‘The Board considered the impacts of COVID-19 and agreed , '
‘a number of mitigating measures including short-term” ‘
changes to remuneration. .

To address the long-term interests of all stakeholders and
protect the Group’s balance sheet.

The Directors considered the composition of the Board
and agreed the appointment of an additional independent
Non-Executive Director.

To continue to improve Board effectiveness by recruiting an
experienced Non-Executive Director with appropriate sector
experience. -To recognise and address the requirements of the
shareholders and market. To consider long-term succession
planning when making any Board appointment.

The Board considered the payment of a final dividend for
FY 20 and agreed that It would not be recommending a firial
dividend for the year ended 31 March 2020.

To address the best interests of all stakeholders. To preserve the
strength of the Group's balance sheet and provide maximum
flexibility throughout the COVID-19 uncertainty so that Alpha is
as well:positioned as it can be for the future.



===== page 40 =====
38 a

Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report

Key Performance
Indicators .

The Directors have defined the following key performance
indicators (“KPIs”). These KPIs link to the Group's growth
strategy and are used to monitor the Group's income
statement and performance.” :

Revenue” SL, : |
The revenue KPI measures how well the Group has. +5! |, NAECXS 2 x
expanded its business through organic and inorganic growth
: 7 FY 17 £44 5m
GO
Net fee income’ | ° |
Net fee income is revenue before incidental expenses afd
is used as an alternative KPI to indicate the underlying
productive operating performance of the Group: « :
:
Gross profit |
This KPI further helps to measure the profitability of the *,
Group and the success of the business model tye
.
: FY 16: £12.54

2 FY 19 revenue is restated to reflect the presentation of revenue gfoss of rechargeable expenses. Refer to note 1 of the financial statements for further
detail and note 2 for a reconciliation of revenue to net fee income, |,

25 Not fee Income and adjusted profit before tax have been introduced as new wkPIs it in the year to reflect the inclusion of expenses within revenue, as
per note 1, and the ongoing development of the business. These additional KPIs are APMs, which are further described in note 4



===== page 41 =====
39

Annual Report 2020

Adjusted EBITDA

Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation . FY,20:'€20. 27)
and exceptional items is ameasure of the underlying :,' AAEM
profitability of the Group nt

- aa |

APY. 1 £7.0rq
Sore:

Adjusted profit before tax

Adjusted profit before tax excludes adjusting items‘and:i

used as an alternative performance measure of the
underlying profitability of the Group
:
.
Headcount , .
The year-end headcount KPI measures the growth in the
Group's fee-generating consultants globally

~FY 17.240.
FY 16:396



===== page 42 =====
40

Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report 7
Risk Manag

The active forecasting, monitoring and mitigation
of risk remains a focus of the Group. The risk
management framework compromises systems
of governance, control and a strong corporate

tee

culture of responsibility. 7 ‘

Overview business development and service delivery. The members of

Glotial Management Board have a direct reporting line into
the Board, principally via the Global Chief Executive Officer.

* 3 However, any member of the Global Management Board can be

number of uncertain internal and external events, which ; * invited to present their risk management activities, including

constitute risks, The Group manages risks to limit potential © . . risk escalation and risk monitoring processes.

adverse effects on the implementation of its strategy, its’ .

financial performance and the interests of shareholders.

It does this by ensuring that there is a robust framework.in ’

place to identify, assess and govern risk. ‘

The Group's operating model, and the asset and wealth , .
management industry in which it operates, expose it toa +

The Group believes that corporate responsibility underpins
| .)a'successful risk management strategy. Acting responsibly
and taking accountability in day-to-day business activities
is expected and required of employees in all parts of the
organisation. It is a core value that is written into the Employee
Handbook, which all staff must read and attest to. This
includes the need to follow and ascribe to relevant policies,
: training and procedures that are decided at a senior level.

Governance and Responsibility . , b

‘The Group governs risk through executive oversight and »
responsibilities that extend across all business areas. As" ;
illustrated in the diagram on p. 41, the Group follows a

“top-down” and “bottom-up” approach to monitoring and
managing its risk exposures. In this approach, top-down
strategic risk management is directed from the Board; and +
applied through the actions of the executive team and wider.
senior management within operations. Bottom-up operational «
risk management is implemented through the engagement, ‘risk :
awareness and corporate responsibility of all Alpha employees. »

The Board of Directors has overall accountabllity for ensuring
that risks that could impact the long-term success of the,

Group are identified and effectively managed. The Board. a

“s Provision of a suitable basis upon which the Audit and
fl

delegates oversight of the Group's risk management processes
and control environment to the Audit and Risk Committee.

The policies and decisions of the Board with regards to risk are
implemented through the Group's executive team, represented
by the Global Management Board. The Global Management
Board encompasses all the areas in which business-level risk’
may arise or apply, including finance, IT & infrastructure, HR,

“Objectives of Risk Management

 ,The main objectives of the Group's risk management
! framework are to ensure that there is:

‘A strong corporate culture of risk awareness and

responsibility embedded at all levels of the organisation;
+” Reduction of ongoing risk as far as possible, without

Unduly affecting the Group's competitiveness and flexitullty;
» Proactive Identification and reporting of risk Information.
with clear management and mitigation responsibilities; and

Risk Committee and, ultimately, the Board can assess
the effectiveness of the Group's risk management and
internal controls.


===== page 43 =====
41

‘Annual Report 2020

Risk Management Governance

STRATEGIC RISK MANAGEMENT:

+ Assesses and reports on principal
risks & uncertainties

‘+ Agrees the risk appetite

+ Agrees the key risk indicators

* Determines strategic action points

EXECUTIVE RESPONSIBILITY:

+ Monitors external environment:

* Oversees business-level risk
management activities

+ Monitors key risk indicators

* Overseas strategic action points

‘+ Ownership of the risk register

OPERATIONAL RISK MANAGEMENT:

+ Monitor operating environment

« Identify, assess and mitigate
‘operational risks

+ Implement strategic action points

+ Execute policies, training & controls

Improvements to the Risk
Management Approach
Alpha has a global risk management framework in'place in’ ”
order to assess and manage risks that may have an impact on
the business. The Board believes that these practices should.
be regularly reviewed to allow for continuous improve
and development.

During the year, in order to ensure the ongoing appropriateness
of the framework, the Group delivered a number of inereniental
enhancements that included:

Following the acquisition of Obsidian, the Group incorporated
new components into the operational risk management

aspects of the framework for the ADS business. This includes »

an ADS Information Security Forum and the development. _
of appropriate processes for the full management of issues,
actions and risks relating to ADS technology, service delivery :
and people;

Established a Data Protection Working Group as the primary
forum for oversight and management of issues, actions and

security risks relating to the Group's data privacy processes ,

and compliance with data protection regulation or.policy;
Created an internal ESG team that will collate, understand: ;
and monitor any environmental, social and governance
topics that have the potential to be financially impactful to

Alpha’s business performance, or financially impactful to an
investor's portfolio as a whole. This work will include providing -
an annual ESG disclosure as part of the Annual Report.

BOARD-OF DIRECTORS

GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, BOARD

AUDIT & RISK COMMITTEE

CORPORATE ASSURANCE:

+ Oversight of risk procedure

* Internal contro!

* Assesses effectiveness of risk
management framework & reporting

te

._ With the ofigoing rise in volume and evolving landscape of

information and cybersecurity threats, the Group has further
developed in the yéar its operational and strategic focus on
7 the IT and cybersecurity agenda, including alignment with
industry best practice, promoting user awareness and
7 Continval review of technical and physical security controls.

Risk Assessment

The Group reviews and monitors risk exposures closely,

considering the potential impact and any management actions

required to mitigate the effect of emerging issues and events.

The Group's risk register is the principal tool for managing risks,

which are categorised as operational, financial or industry risk;

and the Group's risk appetite statements. Adherence to the

Group's risk appetite statements is monitored using key risk

indicators, which are incorporated in the Board's risk reports.

'

* The risk register is owned by the Global Management Board;

it is maintained using current inputs from the core business

functions. Risks are assessed using a scoring system, with

each, risk scored according to the likelihood of occurrence and

the associated impact to the Group and the execution of its

. Strategy. This approach to risk assessment facilitates escalation

” téithe Board of Directors of the key material risks. It also
ensures the business's ability to review risks, identify trends
and. respond with an effective set of actions.



===== page 44 =====
42

Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report

Risk Management continued,.

Group risks are reviewed, discussed and challenged first by the

executive team, through the meetings of the Global Management
Board, The key material risks, as agreed at the Global
Management Board, are then reported to the Board. Reporting
decisions are documented so that the assessment and escalation
approach can be reviewed by the Audit and Risk Committee as’
part of its assurance responsibilities. In exceptional circumstances,
that is where the risk is of a sensitive business nature, a risk may
be raised on an individual basis to the Global Chief Executive
Officer, who can present that risk directly to the Board. .

‘The Board has agreed that the most material current risks to
the Group will be presented in the Annual Report as the principal
risks and uncertainties. Applying the described approach, the
Board is able to confirm that a robust assessment of the
principal risks and uncertainties has been carried out. : ,

Financial Risk Management

The Group has established internal control and risk management
‘structures in relation to the process for preparing the
consolidated financial statements. The key features of this. ,
framework are:

* The Group's executive team understands the importance
of Internal control and adhering to the principles of risk 7
mitigation on a global, operational basis;

* The Audit and Risk Committee has primary responsibility
for reviewing the quality of internal controls and checks,
to ensure that the financial performance of the Group can
be properly measured and reported on;

© The Chief Financial Officer and finance team regularly monitor
and consider developments in accounting regulations and
best practice in financial reporting and, where. appropriate,
reflect developments in the consolidated financial statements;

* The Group's results are subject to various levels of review
within the Group's finance and management teams; . - i.

* Both the Audit and Risk Committee and the Board review:
the draft consolidated financial statements;

* The Audit and Risk Committee receives reports. from: ‘senior
management and the external auditors on significant,
judgements or estimates, changes in accounting policies, :
changes in account estimates and other pertinent matters ”
relating to the consolidated financial statements; and *_

* The financial statements are subject to external audit. ‘+

Brexit

The Group continues to believe that the UK's decision to leave
“the e European Union (“Brexit”) is not a principal risk for Alpha's
long-term success, growth and strategy. The Group welcomed
improvements in the markets and Brexit clarity following the

UK's general election results at the end of 2019. It did not see

. a material impact on its overall growth in the financial year.

A combination of Alpha’s lack of reliance on arrangements
between the UK and EU, as well as Alpha’s growth and
diversification both geographically and across practices allows
it to remain well positioned for any geopolitical uncertainties
that may coritinue or arise newly from Brexit in the long term.
The Group and its Directors will monitor the situation and are
conscious that this position may change due to new challenges
presented by the implementation of the withdrawal agreement,

as well as the impact of Brexit on the UK economy as a whole.

COVID-19

The Directors and the senior management team are closely
monitoring the new uncertainty and possible impacts of
COVID-19 as they evolve. The Group understands that COVID-19
constitutes a macro risk to its business performance, the
fulfilment of its strategy and its people. In order to identify, assess
and contro! the operational and commercial impacts as effectively
as possible, the Group has mobilised a dedicated governance
structure that includes global and local response forums.

The COVID-19 pandemic is captured as part of the Group's
macro-economic conditions principal risk, although it is
acknowledged that individual risks and issues related to the
pandemic may need to be tracked separately as the Group
develops more visibility. The full impact of the pandemic is
currently unknown, but the most likely scenario arising from
COVID-19 in the short term is a disruption to the Group's clients
and, therefore, a change in client demand and decision making.

The Group remains well positioned to navigate through the
tisks and impacts presented by the COVID-19 pandemic and
to cbntinue to deliver growth over the long term. The Group Is,
however, cognizant that the COVID-19 pandemic needs to be
frionitored and managed carefully, and the appropriate
measures taken as both the impact and duration of the
pandemic become clearer.



===== page 45 =====
43

Annual Report 2020

“Alpha offers its employees the opportunity to
help set and deliver the strategic course of the
world’s leading asset managers. Put simply,
if you want to work at the intersection of
professional services, thought leadership and
asset management, Alpha is the place to be.”

Alpha employee



===== page 46 =====
44 web ey

Annual Report 2020

Strategic nae

and Uncertainties

The table below outlines the principal risks and uncertainties faced by the Group. They are not the only risks
that may affect the Group, but they arethe risks.that the Board currently believes would have the most
significant impact on the Group’s strategy to achieve jong- -term profitable growth. There may be additional
risks that materialise over time that the Group f nas not yet’ identified or deemed to have a potentially material
adverse impact on the business and the business strategy.

Operational Risk

The Group's approach to minimising operational risk is to centralise relevant processes and oversight frameworks through the
senior leadership team, which includes the Chief Operating Officer, Head of IT & Infrastructure and Head of HR. Operational risks
are mitigated accordingly through operational projects that are designed to strengthen the contro! environment and protect

Alpha’s competitive standing with regards to people and quality of service.
me es

People & Failure to attract, incentivise ). Attractive culture that places people at the heart of the business.
Resourcing _andretain the best people with» Regularly benchmarked, market-leading remuneration package that
the right capabilities across all incliides a differentiating profit share.
levels and geographies. oe Employee equity participation offering, including management

incentive plan for directors.
+> Ji-house recruitment process, targeting top university graduates and
. .) experienced professionals.
‘e Compretiensive training and development programme, building
consulting skills and industry knowledge.
* Broad and reactive support structure, including HR, individual
mentors and external advice scheme.

Quality Failure to maintain quality of “ ‘Clearly defined project terms agreed up front, ensuring that each
of Service service on client delivery delivery framework is appropriate, and the objectives are achievable.
engagements. * Clear individual responsibility on every engagement via the Alpha

engagement lead, who is a senior member of the Alpha team.
+ “Internal service delivery function managed by the Chief Operating
Officer, Providing strong oversight and enabiing early risk identification.
° Regular’ ‘monitoring of client satisfaction and fulfilment of agreed
* delivery'criteria through the Alpha engagement lead, in addition to
the Alpha client account owner.



===== page 47 =====
45

Annual Report 2020

Data
Security

Risk of a security breach
leading to loss of integrity or
availability of core data.

tirtgiFact

Defined IT security policy including breach management procedure.
Annual cybersecurity review by external party and renewal of Cyber
Essentials certification.

Core cloud services hosted in vendor data centres utilising industry-
standard security.

“System access controls and encryption.

Physical security controls at office locations.

Mandatory training around data handling and security.

Integration
Risk

Risk of failing to integrate
acquisitions successfully,
leading to an impact on Group
profitability and success.

‘Full business case required and built for every acquisition, subject to
a nuniber of tests.

Detailed due.diligence, analysis, planning and mitigation as part of
the:acquisitién process where a wide range of factors are taken into
consideration.

Incorporation of the Group's extensive experience of working with
‘clients‘on high-profile acquisition and integration frameworks,
including key risk identification and mitigation approaches, and
refined through the Group's own acquisition activities.

Defined integration project with dedicated resources across

people, finance, IT and operations, products and commercials for

:,each acquisition.

Continuous monitoring of business alignment, client satisfaction,
performance and other key performance indicators.

Clear and effective internal and external communications regarding
acquisition and integration topics, overseen by a member of the
“Global Management Board.



===== page 48 =====
46

Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report

Principal Risks and Uncertainties continued

Industry Risk

The Group’s approach to minimising industry risk is to underiake a régular'assessment of the market and its influencers,
including regulatory, political and structural change; and to maintain a strong dialogue with market participants, such as clients,
competitors and industry bodies. This review is delivered through the Group’s defined corporate governance responsibilities,
wherein the Executive Directors manage those relationships on a day-to-day basis and communicate the key findings and
perspectives to the Global Management Board and, in turn, to the Board of Directors.

Strategy

Risk that the Group
responds inadequately to’
changing market
conditions or fails to meet
its strategic objectives,
‘such as continuing organic.
growth.

Business strategy is reviewed regularly by the Global
Management Board and the Board of Directors.

Strategy informs annual business planning and budgets and is

tracked accordingly.
Regional Chief Executive Officer responsibility for monitoring
markets and client demand locally, proposing and implementing
relevant, competitive service propositions.

Macro-economic

Risk that macro-economic

.

Monitoring of the market to identify, and pian for, potential change

Conditions factors outside of the in market conditions and volatility.
Group's control change, * Ensuring an effective, coordinated response to any macro-
affecting its clients, their economic challenges that emerge (e.g. COVID-19).
demand for consultancy oe: Flexible business model that is responsive to change and
services and, hence, the -regularly reviewed.

Group's own performance ; Record of identifying opportunities to provide consulting services
and financial position. . .and delivering successful projects in challenging change
‘conditions,
* Global nature of the business and range of practices that should
Le. - reduce the risk of impact from volatility in specific markets.
Political / Risk that Alpha’s business . Ongoing diversification and expansion of the service offering that
Regulatory model and strategy is : Should reduce impact of any restrictions.

Environment

materially impacted by
legal, political or regulatory
changes that restrict
service offering or access
to markets.

Strategic geographic extension of the business, overseen by the
Board and executed by the Global Management Board.
Regulatory, political and legal change horizon scanning, led by
the Globa! Chief Executive Officer, to foresee and plan
appropriate responses.

Dialogue with regulators, legal advisers and industry bodies.

In respect of Brexit, continual monitoring of the withdrawal
agreement proceedings and appraisal of potential implications for
the Group.



===== page 49 =====
bo 47

: Annual Report 2020

Competitors

Risk that an existing

competitor or new entrant .

may over time be able to”
achieve similar success
and win work from the | -
Group's existing clients.

*” Monitoring of competitor positioning including client win/loss ratios.
* Pioven ability to understand the structural drivers of the market,
to innovate and develop the service offering accordingly.
* Key cémpétitive differentiators:
o Highly focussed proposition for the asset and wealth

a Corriplementary technology consulting and data solutions;
- Strong, creasingly global reputation amongst clients, with
; the very high quality of the team as a key competitive
_, advantage; and

=. Differentiating intellectual property and benchmarking data.

Client
Concentration

Failure to expand the client
base or a reduction in the
number of key clients due
to consolidation in the
industry.

‘*, Expanding global team of consultants able to attract new market
_ entrants, and new entities within existing client structures.

* Growth objectives include diversifying the Group's client base.

* Regular monitoring of client concentration by revenues.

.¢ Acquisition strategy that targets businesses with strong

, [addressable client bases and cross-selling opportunity.
oe Strategic Business objectives include extending the Group’s
a __offering:with new services and products to cater for different

“client segments.

Large-Scale
Projects

Reduction in major and
large-scale projects,
currently a consistent and
considerable source of fee
generation.

* Deep'specialised industry expertise equips the Group to win and
complete'pidjects of all sizes and complexity.

* ‘Growth strategy that targets extension of service offering and
‘capability to service an array of requirements in addition to the
large-scale M&A, operations and front office projects.

+ 'Preserice in annual project portfolio of smaller projects that

* ‘cumulatively could provide equivalent value to large programmes.



===== page 50 =====
48

Annual Report 2020

Financial Risk

The Group's approach to minimising financial risk is to manage utilisation, day rates, expenses and cash collection actively and
closely. The Group's target is for projects to be chargeable on a time and materials basis, and to ensure that consultants’ time is
recorded and billed each month. A considerable amount of attentioit is paid to day rates and their alignment to budget, which
are reviewed and monitored by regional Chief Executive Officers and the Executive Directors.

RISK ting Facto

Utilisation Rates Risk that utilisation rates, : © Target utilisation rates are agreed annually per region and are
which drive Group . moriitored by the regional Chief Executive Officer.
profitability, maybe’ +: Oversight of delivery against agreed resource utilisation by
adversely impacted by 7 regional Chief Executive Officer or head of country.
Poorly timed headcount ‘{* ¢ Ongoing review of global utilisation by Chief Financial Officer, in

growth or anunexpected + conjunction with visibility of pipeline and recruitment plans; and
decline in client projects. discussed regularly with regional Chief Executive Officers, heads
, of Country and the Board.
Cash Collection Failure to collect cashon * :* Group-wide aim to sell consulting services on a time and materials
client invoices on a timely ¥ basis, minimising work in progress or accrued unbilled time.
basis. ©. Standard Group policy for settlement of client invoices within 30 days.

* Assessment by the Chief Financial Officer of the Group's cash and

} ,debtors’ position on a regular basis, which is discussed with regional
_ Chief Executive Officers, heads of country, at the Global

“Management Board and Board meetings.

By order of the Board.

Euan Fraser
Global Chief Executive Officer
24 June 2020



===== page 51 =====
“When we met Alpha we recognised the strong
talent within the firm and knew that, with
its breadth of expertise, professionalism and
proven record of delivery in our industry, the
Alpha team would enable us to transform our
operating platform.” :

Chief Executive Officer, asset manager


===== page 52 =====
Role in Society

52 Looking After Our People ‘
58 Response to COVID-19 a ' j
60 Community & Corporate Social Responsibility’ ' f
68 = Environment

The power of
our people to’
achieve our
ambitions



===== page 53 =====


===== page 54 =====
52 ot

Annual Report 2020 :

Looking After Our People

Alpha brings together the best and most talented
people, creates a fantastic place to work and provides
an environment for exceptional success.

Creating the Best Consulting Company

Alpha’s success is owed to its people, who have played a : We are proud to have been placed in the Sunday Times 100

critical role in driving strong organic growth over the Group's ". } Best Small Companies to Work For ever since we began

history. Only through their experiences, expertise and hard“ + participating four years ago, as well as a host of other global

work are we able to deliver best-in-class insight and __» awards this year. We are also delighted with an excellent set of

exceptional outcomes for our clients, which; in turn, drives reviews of Alpha as an employer on Glassdoor.

client loyalty and repeat business. In order to attract and retain

the best people, we want to ensure that Alpha is the bes! strong Culture is underpinned by a set of core values,

place to work financially, operationally and culturally.» » , wt ich all employees sign up to as part of the Employee
fete Handbook when they first join. Our core values guide us on

We place our people at the héart of the business and we strive how we work and collaborate and are an integral part of

to provide a meritocratic culture that focusses on raw talent, _. everything that we do.

ability, commitment, motivation and the aspiration to succeed.

We provide a culture and structure to support our employees

through training, mentoring and collaboration.

100

Hae SH

Alpha has appeared jn '

Thé Sunday Times < “tins
Top 100 Best ‘Small,
Companies: to Work

For for four'consecutive
years, 2017~20.



===== page 55 =====
Daye 53

‘Annual Report 2020

Our core values define who, we are both
as a company and as proféssionals:’

Watts accountability Gop
deliveryeawe ownrand|take]
responsibility, fomoutcomes)

Ouncompany providests)

meritocratic, sociable and
ET easaaenvironmentt wel

Wwantita beecognised aethesvery)

Besuplacetowork imougmdustry
With personal careen progression

Baseciontransparentiand, =
meritocratic considerations.

‘ives
pene arora Watoamengranting
e ” deep expertise mii Gay
Specialistindustry. segments}

Everything wedoisdetined by,
integrity oupgconactas 5



===== page 56 =====
54

Annual Report 2020 :

Role in Society

Daniel Feeney
Analyst, UK

Alpha has grown since 2003 from a handful’of consultants
to a leading consultancy in investment management
globally. Joining Alpha in August 2019, at around 400,
employees worldwide, it was immediately clear to'me;,
thal the tenets on which the firm was built were people °,

-and excellence. Our leadership team take care to maintain’!

i
the benchmark in both delivery and culture establis ned" 4
in the business's adolescence whilst balancing its . ana
dizzying growth, moulding Alpha into the “global boutique” ‘!
it is today. ‘
| graduated from the University of Warwick in 2019 and
am the inaugural graduate of Alpha Data Sviutidns, ite
product arm of Alpha Group. Since joining, I've wérkéd ,.:,
on implementations of our enterprise fintech product ot ,
asset managers, 360 SalesVista, and on operational data
consulting projects in conjunction with the consulting’. !*
d ATS teams. I'm also currently part of the global!
Alpha project team volunteering pro bono to support.oj
charity of the year, Plastic Oceans, with several strategic :
initiatives to strengthen their platform and its impact.

int

Alpha has offered me a challenging and invigorating
start to my-career and a working environment that ‘
champions Support, fun and achievement. I'm excited to’:;"

: bea part of the company’s forward trajectory from here:

‘Recruitment

We have created a reputation in the market for being one of
the most exciting and rewarding companies to work for, and
this has been backed up by our impressive track record and
reputation it in the industry. Due to this, we always have a healthy
recruitment backlog with candidates actively approaching
US;regularly.

We have a rigorous in-house recruitment process that focusses

on finding raw talent, a high level of commitment and the
aspiration to succeed. We continually review our global
recruitment functions to ensure the most thorough and
effective process for the Aipha Group as well as the best and
most insightful experience for candidates. Responding to
COVID-19, we were able to adapt our recruitment processes
Seamlessly, including conducting interviews virtually, for which

' we received very strong feedback.

Irrespective of the location or the position, Alpha is known as
_being a difficult company with which to achieve the offer of a
rgle. Once hired, however, we provide our employees with all the
subject matter expertise, support and training needed to thrive.

Operations, Support and

the Working Environment

Ensuring that our consultants are able, confident and equipped
is of the utmost importance. As they work on some of the
industry's most challenging and complex change projects,

we strive to make sure that they are fully supported in every
way possible.

* Alpha has developed a thorough and robust operational structure,
which ensures that employees can work from anywhere, in
any environment. This important ability to be able to work
collaboratively, and communicate and engage with clients
from any location, is premised upon having a strong, secure,
éloud- based IT infrastructure. This infrastructure allowed us to
Quickly and effectively transition to working from home following
the covip-i9 outbreak, with minima! disruption to our business;
see the “response to COVID-19” section for further information.
We have also increased the central operations team in line with
the growth of the business to ensure that we continue to support
- ouF people, infrastructure, expanding geographic reach and
“business acquisitions.



===== page 57 =====
55,

Annual Report 2020

Career development is also a core part of our support structure, _

and we have an established mentoring and employee oversight
framework across all global locations and all levels. We also’
continue to invest in training and development programmes”

to build consulting skills, specialist delivery qualifications and -
industry expertise. This includes industry-leading proféssional:

certifications from various bodies such as the CFA Institute,
CISI and CAIA Association.

Monitoring and ensuring the wellbeing of Alpha’s people, from
the day they join and throughout their careers and all delivery
assignments, is hugely important to Alpha as an employer.

We continuously review and support our employees’ wellbeing.
This includes regularly conducting wellbeing pulse surveys

to understand stress and wellbeing trends across the
organisation, and offering appropriate support structures for
employees who need them. In addition to a broad:and active
framework that includes HR, individual mentors andan
external advice scheme, this year, five new wellbeing champions"
were trained in mental health first aid. This is the first pilot in
aplanned global initiative and we are very proud that these
wellbeing ambassadors represent a global team that has many,
volunteers who wish to give their own time to help and provide

practical wellbeing resources and support to their colleagues. -

i Durican Ng'enda
‘Manager, UK

Higined Alpha at the beginning of March 2020 in the
ceht Pensions & Retail Investments team
/ears ago, one of my colleagues at my'former place * |
" Sf work moved over to Alpha and could not'stop gushing
"about the positives of Alpha. My direci experience of
‘Alpha started with the interview process. From the first,
‘éointact with the.recruitment team, | knew Alpha was

| Jeonbineéd there was something special wi
aridil wanted to find out what it is.

; tine at Alpha since joining has been less than usual
; Ip ify first week of joining Alpha, COVID-19 became a
giobal ‘calamity, and we all ended up working from home.

rom the vantage point of my dining table, | have
experienced Alpha, in a time of uncertainty, pivot itself
and respond to the challenges that this pandemic has
thrust upon us - personally and in the business world
+ withlagility, creativity and organisational confidence
that makes me proud to work here.

; .

+ Since joining, it has emerged that the special thing
ifrecognised during the in
one-thing, Alpha is special because of the high calibre of
its people, its organisational honesty, the unrelenting focus
oh delivering client value, the commercial astuteness of
its hragket proposition and, most importantly, the sense of
x iship and camaraderie that is evident in the office or

rview process is more than

Vin'thesé'strange times via conference call or video link!

#Y¥Ag We learn to live in a post-COVID-19 world, | am looking

1, forward to my time at Alpha as we build the best P&RI
'


===== page 58 =====
56

Annual Report 2020

Role in Society

Looking After Our People ¢

Sharing in our Success . i+ |. We recognise the huge contributions of our employees in a
{multitude of ways, including several key social events during
the year to celebrate success, company milestones and the
efforts of different groups. These include promotion

Alpha offers a best-in-class compensation package toa
and retain consultants of the highest calibre across all |éVels.

and all locations. This is done financially, culturally and. (rough } ‘celebrations, mentor-mentee socials and peer group outings;
other methods of recognition, which allow the outstanding, “to larger events such as fully-funded Christmas parties and
performance that individuals or teams make to be rewarded. . {:international'summer conferences. Culturally, recognising

_ ‘success is a very significant part of Alpha’s fabric; we have
. __ “shout-out ” processes in place where individuals and teams
ican be recognised by anyone in the organisation for excellent
-_ delivery, outstanding support and other demonstrations of
As an employer, Alpha differentiates itself from | - 5+ “Yipnovation or proactivity.
competitors in the following ways: . i i

This framework serves to deepen the relationship betweer
exceptional employees and Alpha’s ongoing success.’

“Big 6", and Alpha typically offers a base salary that is
in line with the best in the market; }
* Participation in the Company's profit-sharing scherie’ . ‘
linked to Company performance, which can delivera -! Olivia Brachet
significant uplift to an already competitive base salary: :
* Equity participation through an employee incentive
plan (“EIP”) and a management incentive | ‘plan {MIR + joined Alpha in May 2017 as Office Manager in the
for directors; Hy Be Raris office
* Acomprehensive training and development prograrame. :
that develops employees’ skills and expertise, whijst.- {Before joining Alpha, | worked in the field of communication
enhancing Alpha’s desirability to clients and driving |. , ANC RIS- PII RUUCARUCOR TW ACLC CRS EC
increased loyalty to the firm; and _ management! | took the plunge and, three years later, not
* Opportunities to work on interesting and varied Meee. only can | say that the company is very team-orientated
projects, including high-profile client engagements: 1 ‘ arid a challenging but fun pl to work, it is also
and transformational deals in the industry. : suyrounded by amazing people.

Office:Manager, France

| Gonsidet myself as a contributor to a fast-paced team,
i: ‘providing operational and administrative support to the
‘France office. Besides my core business, | have the

8 oppartunity to take part in varied projects at French and
* Group level such as GDPR implementation, European

¥, global training, social events - the list goes on

}¥¥@1 had to’ say three words about Alpha, it would be
coming, friendly and fun!


===== page 59 =====
57

Annual Report 2020

Running the Business

We encourage all our employees to have an entrepreneurial , .
spirit and make sure that they are taking an active part in the
business management of the company. The Alpha team | >,
contributes extensively using an exceptional array of consulting
and other skills to help support the running of the’ business.
This allows them to contribute directly to the success and
evolution of Alpha, as well as develop their interests and
talents further.

Alpha employees are involved in a range of business management
activities. These include CSR, D&, IT and infrastructure -
management, marketing and business development. The team
is also directly involved in recruitment and interviewing as well
as promoting Alpha through their own experiences. Employee.
engagement for the Alpha Innovation platform, which was
launched in the previous year, increased during FY 20. The
platform allows Alpha employees to submit ideas about how
the Group innovates and grows; suggesting not just ways of
new organisation and governance but new products, services *
and business lines. . 7

Alpha consultants are also involved in the delivery of internal
change projects, enabling them both to share their insights from
client deliveries and to contribute directly to the design of Alpha’s
operations and infrastructure components. For example, during
the year, Alpha upgraded its document management system,
including a large migration objective and a requirement to train
all of Alpha’s employees. It was an internally managed project
that involved over 50 members of staff from all parts of the *'
Alpha world in a very exceptional demonstration of Collaboration,
time commitment and effort.

Employee Feedback

One of our key goals is to make working for Alpha the best
corporate experience that anyone has during their professional
career. To help achieve this, Alpha has a globally aligned, open
employee feedback framework that runs continuously and is _
supported by a number of different initiatives. This framework
includes regular feedback checkpoints about all aspects of ,
working at Alpha, including wellbeing, day-to-day project life,

sensitive concerns, personal development and general questions’

about Alpha’s growth and strategy. It aligns with a Group desire
to maintain a collaborative, open working environment with
free-flowing feedback and information. This, in turn, encourages
effective engagement from employees, which leads to loyalty,
motivation and an embedded positive culture. . An

Several initiatives have emerged from employee feedback,
from changes to internal policy, communication, technology
and. productivity improvements, to inclusive social events,
skil ring classes and wellbeing courses such as yoga and
met dita ion. ‘All these initiatives have been identified, defined
and delivered from Alpha’s employee base as part of their
ifleredible drive to shape the Alpha working environment, as
well aga vision for the future.

ie
{ia ordér to ensure regular sharing and engagement on Alpha
Berspectives, insights and ideas on corporate and local
governance topics, the global management team runs monthly
company meetings in all locations. These meetings are
supplemented and supported by leadership communications
and-other initiatives, such as video interviews, which create
transparency on the Group's achievements, considerations
and’key decisions so that all employees feel invested and
informéd on Alpha's growth.

Ozer Niyazi
~Senior Manager, US

“joined Alpha'’s London office as a graduate in 2013,___|
1 Ldgking back, it's amazing to reflect on Alphi
! single then. From less than 75 people glo
50 people today and from privately owned to publicly
istéd, Alpha has certainly grown! However, at i
: _‘Alpha remains the same: delivering high quality results,
or our clients in a dynamic, transparent andtun
king ‘environment.

journey
ally to nearly

|

my
Putting the industry-leading project work that we do to
one side, one of my favourite aspects of working at Alpha

i$ the ability to contribute towards internal business

thanagement. Last year, alongside many of my colleagues,
Ithelped to select and manage the transition to a new
‘document management system, a system used by all

‘ employees on a daily basis. The transition involved

: migrating millioris of files that

+ Jinto'a cehtralised and catalogued repository that integrat

_ with our other core systems. The project was challenging

jsioyt also highly rewarding, It has improved our ability to
collaborate and Share information and has paved the

way for future automation of time-intensive processes

ere previously unstructured

sy Alpha has offered me wonderful personal opportunities
too, including sponsoring a secondment to our New York

* “office to-support our growth in the US. | am excited to
See where we go next.



===== page 60 =====
58

Annual Report 2020

Role in Society

Response to COVI

-19

Leveraging the strong existing organisational,
technological and cultural structures that were in place,

Alpha was able to respond q

uickly and decisively in order

to protect its people and'support the business.

As the COVID-19 situation developed, Alpha was able to mobilise
its people quickly to meet local government requirements to work
from home and socially isolate. In this new way of working, we
wanted to ensure that all our employees were supported .
Operationally and socially. A team was swiftly formed around
remote working with three main streams:

Wellbeing: to inspire, motivate and support Alpha's people;
Productivity: to optimise remote working practices and
collaboration; and

Technology: to ensure a continuous operational framework
and effective remote technology solutions. .

Alpha's existing technology and resilient operational infrastructure
allowed us to set up our workforce remotely without any major
obstacles or disruption to client delivery. All Alpha's employees
are equipped to work on secure mobile devices and the
information infrastructure is primarily cloud based. Therefore,
it was a smooth process for our teams to be transitioned toa
remote working set-up.

However, it is down to the unique drive, commitment and
proactive spirit of Alpha's people that, in the following few
days, the remote working support framework was so quickly
mobilised, with the adoption of several important initiatives to
ensure that its objectives of maintaining collaboration,
motivation and support were met. These include:

* “Regular video communications from Alpha’s Global Chief
Executive Officer to answer questions from the team;

* Social and community events such as virtual coffee catch-ups,

online pub quizzes, board games, book club and Friday drinks;

Online skill sharing between employees including yoga,

coding and calligraphy;

* Setting up of online communities around a topic such as

pets, coffee and “good news” stories;

‘Productivity tips sharing including desk nomination,

téchnology training sessions and Q&As; and

Wellbeing surveys and dedicated conversation on how to

keep mentally and physically well.

Franzisca Benze
Consultant, UK

Alpha values its employees, and not just as a whole, but.as
individuals. Regardless of seniority, we are all encouraged!
to share our ideas and actively help shape the company.

That is what | love about Alpha: the feeling of being a Valued +
in ve

part of something bigger. Pod
When | joined in November 2018, I quickly found my.pia

at Alpha within our wellbeing team, whichi has allowéa’me'
to witness first hand how much importance Alpha places orl
the team’s mental and physical wellbeing. | am inérédibly.: ‘

ater

~ a

grateful for the opportunity to support the firm internally,
Whilst setting up and leading initiatives | am passionate
about, such as our new wellbeing champions initiative.

How deeply the focus on the team’s wellbeing is embedded
;_ in’Alpha’s core values was even more apparent during the
recent crisis. In the unprecedented times of remote working
during the COVID-19 crisis, the whole company came together
+ initrué Atpha style, creating a supportive and motivating
renyitonment, Wellbsing became a cornerstone of Alpha’s
'tTémote workirig strategy and within a few weeks we launched

Mmypiad initiatives to help the team navigate through these

“alfficult times.:It is truly exceptional to work for a company

{hat in times of extreme uncertainty made me feel safe.



===== page 61 =====
59

Annual Report 2020

“The fantastic team and the many
opportunities to contribute to .
both client and Alpha as a
business are what make Alpha
such a great company work for.”

Alpha employee

i

i



===== page 62 =====
60

Annual Report 2020 aes

Role in Society 4

Community

& Corporate

Social Responsibility

Playing a role within the communities and the environment
in which we work is very important to the leadership
team, our employees and'the organisation as a whole.

As such, we ensure that this principle is embedded at
every level of our governance.

1,
Through the plans that we make and the activities we undertake,

we promote a culture that values employment diversity,
environmental awareness and high corporate standards. a ‘
f

A key part of the role we play within society is our corporate _
social responsibility ("CSR") strategy: engaging in activities *
that help and have a positive impact on our environment and
communities. Alpha’s CSR strategy aims to maximise the

benefits and minimise the downsides of our economic, social *

and environmental impacts.

Alpha’s internal CSR team has worked with Heart of the City,
@ registered charity based in London, to define and implgment
Its CSR policy.

Our chosen priorities include:

Minimising our impact on the environment,

Promoting a good work/life balance: encouraging
flexible working patterns, offering a cycle-to-work
scheme, maternity and paternity leave allowance;
Working with ethical suppliers and local businesses;
Commitment to the delivery of modern human rights;
Ensuring that our employees can participate in +
voluntary charitable and community-based activities:
partnering with social mobility foundations and
providing a Charity of the Year programme;

Identifying pro bono consulting and project work that ,,*
our teams can support on a voluntary basis; and ‘
Providing a framework for charitable fundraising and
payroll giving.

Diversity and Inclusion

Ensuring a diverse, open and inclusive place to work is of huge
importance to everyone who works at Alpha. We launched a
dedicated Diversity and Inclusion (“D&I”) programme to fortify

.these values, which is made up of six key streams: Social

Mobility, Ethnic & Cultural Diversity, Gender Equality, Wellbeing,
Pride and Disability Confidence. We are very proud to have
achieved Disability Confident Employer status in the UK.

- As part of the D&l strategy, which is reviewed regularly, we
_constantly look to create and encourage collaboration between

the different streams to ensure an end-to-end framework that

+ supports professional success for Alpha’s growing talent

team. In the year ahead, we will be looking at ways in which
to develop the global D&I framework further, to increase

* collaboration across all Alpha’s locations, whilst also ensuring

the teams retain the ability to address regional specific issues.



===== page 63 =====
. 61

Annual Report 2020

Bthnis andl ;
Cultural Diversity *. i
Gintsard Cuma Crety (EGP) Sena ON steam

en Alpha Ben © Commo cAEMIND GUIS Cy ATER
employeesyacrossyalletnniccultu-allanc)rcl\c Cuca
Radfactiviestnal

(Woniwnichligcluded|knowledgcyeharng\a10co aaa
HERS, GHA OND CSTE CESARE HD GOES
Britisixcommunityy A

faSTatpew)sircamyiiele COsticamunasideveloned ay

Ss

TREAT IMDS TIED, TST CPSAINS
Gretiojcanturerethniciydarajandisharcyprogress a
ftofreaffirmfacrossithe\ Groupouyzeroltolerancelo im 2
narassmentandjoul ing ogtaneyaciont naar nno Mae

fethniclminonityicareepprogressionstoreducateyon)

el an ana CREATES ATMOS

Ee OT
AIM AIA = ° y

fAslwelooklfonwardjtosthe,yeazahead gu
HESTEAIN quate ccebeTons Guanes Gel tnceg>
fallfmemberslolitheyalphaycommmunity {understanding
[bestfpracticeracrossithejindustrytintethinicity, ata, cares:

progressionfandiiie|workplace fandimplementing\a im
frangefor{initiativestandyeducational consteno CCH

iy pe

Social Mobility
inj
The Social mobility team works lo create equal
opportunities and an inclusive environment in which
people can access, and excel within, the financial
‘gervices and consulting industry based on potential
andtability, irrespective of background

Von :

- “in the UK, we have now been working in partnership with —~
'é’Sutton Trust for two years; a pioneering educational
rity dedicated to improving social mobility and access

to. the most competitive industries. We have worked on
several initiatives with them, including participation in

41 thet residential summer school for students from lower

; Socioeconomic groups, inviting several students to Alpha’s

“J London office tovattend our third:annual “consulting ——

masterclass”, as well as b¢

‘advisory board this year
ts

Alpha France has partnered with Proxité since 2018.

‘ Broxité is a charity providing mentoring, educational
support and career advice to young people from

. disadvantaged backgrounds. We have continued to
work with them to provide mentoring to young people
At university or the start of their careers, and we have
fnaintained this engagement through the COVID-19

ming a member of its

pandemic by digital means.

In, the US, ovgr the past two years, the Alpha New York

i ‘office has partnered with Junior Achievement, a non-profit
organisation focussed on assisting students across all

i-*grade levels to better prepare themselves for future
success. Volunteers from Alpha’s New York office
worked with a public high schoo! where they conducted
j' an eight-week course covering business literacy,

* entrepreneurship and overall civic engagement to
‘prepare students from disadvantaged backgrounds for
post-graduate education and employment opportunities.
i :

: Internally, we continue to focus on raising awareness
through events such as themed company socials and
“lunch and learn” sessions. The D&l programme also
collaborates with various internal teams, such as
recruitment and training, to ensure that Alpha’s practices
are'supportive and under continual assessment and
improvement through a social mobility lens



===== page 64 =====
62

Annual Report 2020

tinithellasttyeartAlphalhastcontinueditofformaliselits}
Comma t GORD gander egeETty TaD MED

ef

[Regulagiowumsinave|becmestablisnedtovensure) ‘

betweenithe Gender Baveity (AGES), SMES |
(DacaDaterON camped coming
fsenioleadershipteamssrnese.collaoorations\nave Aaa
resultediinenhancementsitoougrecrunimen ti processi
enc omdescr pronetowersuet na ineysrcs a
fastpossiDiey

>

pi nroughouiginelyeatinexcommiticalnaslleclaran geo
fexcipgyortiat vesgicludinglayemoteygiooaoanc ills
Geauga cargo el iva ens taster ABO ’
Promenyioulntemational\Women:\Day\oun diac aaa

i
ti
ii

throughout]

Cenc Taunc hyo regula coffee catch peg. om ola
[rrormalneiworingjopoinvgencersyacrosstcll level Cram
Btheffirmainadditiontogthismtne|UK«GEfteam|nosted)a mm
Pmovielnightifocussedonitheltopicfor[period[povertysto)

4]
raiseawarenessvor,gendenissuesOutsideofne workpiacewm
d 220
. oS

fAlphalnasyalsoqbeenvorkingtoumprovertnegendery
imbalancelinine,widegindustiythroughparticipationlin}
qustbescben tho Wann nA SSE RASS

[ScotlandlinitiativewWelhaveralsogrecentiybeentincluded iy
paypancerereabtarnteeinwe arionany

fe cwards\workplace]nclusion[reportswiomourgnitiativesy
fonttacklingimalergendergsiereory ping@logdemonstiatey
Aloha earningsiiromoothinsideland]outside othe)
ffinancialisewicestindusttyMinelUKIGElteam|recently aay
publishedjagWomenlinBusinesseaBestpractice)
[reatmapmasraltoolkittolsupponithe promot Ono aaa

ones eapally anc aso cAI age PEED,
inithelworkplacey

Wellbeing

"as an 1 employer, we are committed to providing an open,

supportive and collaborative environment for all our

+ people at all times. We believe that the health and

* wellbeing of our people is a crucial factor in delivering
consistently strong results to our clients, developing

* anid retaining our highly talented team, and meeting the
“¢hallenges of a fast-growing business. With all this in

© thing, wellbeing is a key area of focus for Alpha, with

1 | Several new initiatives progressed during the year:

- Roll-out of a regular wellbeing pulse survey globally to
monitor and respond to employee stress throughout
the year;

Launch of a global wellbeing ambassadors pilot: staff
‘champions trained in mental health first aid; and

A comprehensive programme of resilience training,
covering practical self-care and “mind management”.

“In light of the recent COVID-19 crisis, we have focussed
3 on supporting the mental and physical wellbeing of stalf
while’they work in isolation. To provide the best possible
support during these times of increased uncertainty, we
" nave introduced more regular anonymous pulse surveys
as a general “temperature check” of the global Alpha
eam‘on the topics of wellbeing, productivity and stress.
‘The results are used to drive new initiatives and guide
gur disoussions with the team, including an innovative
\ :activity challenge, regular discussions of health-related
‘igpics arid virtual wellbeing coffee meetings with the
wellbeing champions.



===== page 65 =====
: 63

Annual Report 2020

Disability Confidence

At Alpha, we are committed to be a disability-friendly ,
organisation, ensuring that our colleagues feel supported
and empowered; and that our recruitment and HR \
processes operate without discrimination

Disability confidence is an important topic to Alpha; not
simply as a global employer but also in acknowledgement
of the unique role that we play as a partner and tiusted
adviser to our clients. Deeply embedding a disability- .
friendly culture throughout our business is therefore of
utmost importance. :

Our D&l Disability Confidence workstream-operates :,
through four key strands.

* Disability Confidence accreditation: Alpha is prouct tot ++
have achieved Disability Confidence Level 2 in the.
past year; a UK government accreditation scheme fo
encourage businesses to be disability-friendly in their
recruitment and HR processes. We aim to achieve
Level 3 in this coming year; .

Colleague support: we have a dedicated group of
disability-confidence champions from across,our
consulting levels and business departments whose

objectives are to support with awareness-raising
exercises, colleague queries and also to receive

specialist training;
Recruitment/HR
- This year Alpha has partnered with Employability
in the UK for our internship programme.
Employability is a recruitment consultancy
dedicated to assisting students and graduates
with all disabilities :
‘There is an ongoing dialogue between the D&l
workstream and Alpha's HR team to ensure that ©, ‘4
our org: : 7
appropriately; and i
Disability focus: our workstream seeks to focus on one
disabilily per year to help channel our organisation
adaptations and awareness-raising initiatives. This «
Alpha is focussing on neurod ,

ion is supporting individuals ,

i]

Pride

Rride’s continuing mission is to ensure Alpha is a fair,

“inelipive and empowering place to work for everyon

ardiegs of their sexual orientation or gender identity.

: sthelpast year,has seen an explosion of global activity
' and'energy in driving forward initiatives on making

Alptia a wonderful workplace for all and educating

| ‘ithpiehtire company on LGBTQ+ issues, both in the

} wotkplace and society more generally.
Pye

Sin ease the representation of multifaceted LGsTO
‘tsgntitjes. Over the last year, Alpha officially marched for
he first time in the London Pride Parade and celebrated

with kiowledge ¢ on how they ce can be effective allies to
EGBTQ+ people and how they can action that with our
Glients, as well as Q&A sessions diving deep into LGBTO+
istory and theory. During LGBTQ+ history month,
col{mittee members shared coffee-break reads on
i togpititeresting and personal to themselves for
discussion and insight with the global team, and our US

throjughout'the year providing company-wide perspectives
v0, {GBTQ+ issues such as the “coming out” experience

paddin

Gf Operating fully virtually to experiment with making

“‘our Celebration, education and advocacy even more
accessible and impactful both inside Alpha and
¢yernially, with a key emphasis on fostering a spirit of

éommiunity and solidarity.



===== page 66 =====
64

Annual Report 2020

Governance ‘ A a

mee Experiences
The Global Management Board oversees the cultural framework fi
and is responsible for reviewing operational processes for. i i
managing social, environmental and ethical risk. All members. i Rery Craven
of the Global Management Board, including the Global Chief
Executive Officer, are committed to this framework and... , Director. us
ensuring that it is embedded within the business globally. lis | | joinéd Alpha as part of the Boston office in January 2017
principal methods for promoting social, environment and'ethicai_ for three reasons - firstly, the people | met throughout
CO eC SU Ceuta | the interview process; secondly, the entrepreneurial
to staff on the topics of culture and integrity, sponsorship of * Grive, structure and spirit of the US business with the
the D&l programme and supporting the wide- ranging Winahaid support of a well-established business in Europe; and,
of the global CSR teams, "i thirdly, the size of the overall business and in particu
ithe US, jihere | was the 17th person to join.

nt
YY

The Global Management Board reports to the Board of if

so that the Board can assess the state of corporate ul ture: and “Since my ‘joining, we have established new key clients ir
integrity and ensure that any significant risks to the longterm the market with follow-on work. Most recently, | have been
success of the business arising from such matters are \ helping’a “top 5” US asset manager with an acquisition
adequately addressed. The Board is committed to maintai ing that closed in 2019, Our programme of work consisted
appropriate standards for all the Group’s business activities ‘\dtttour orkstreams across numerous client sites and
and ensure that they are set out in written policies, including fi ‘Alpha offices to support the client's front office technology
the Employee Handbook and the Modern Slavery Statement. efforts: We helped bring the company ont nilar systems

The Board believes that the business values of collaboration, H ‘and conducted a massive rationalisation effort to help
accountability, proactivity, integrity and responsible conduct identify and recognise required cost savings to support
are consistent with the Group's vision and fully support its y thé M&A rationale.

ongoing growth. :
In adbition to my consulting responsibilities, | have led
, our US infrastructure team to coordinate our vendor
{relationship for office space as well as ensuring the US
, ‘team has'what we need to successfully deliver with our
Alpha is committed to combatting and preventing, modern 7 clients while ensuring all client data is protected. As part
slavery, human trafficking and exploitation. We have i in place ‘of the US infrastructure team, we also get involved in
itiatives including IT security, hardware
procurement chains to support this; a statement of which, Ue! -(procureient, selection of our outsourced IT support,
be found on our website at alphafmc.com. These processes Erm | selection of our conferencing technology and various
reviewed annually, . ‘other projects to help move our business forward. More
récently, as one of seven US directors and executive
directors, | have oversight of infrastructure and legal
*.Wusiness management teams

Modern Slavery

‘The US director team has responsibility for the success
IS business. It has been quite an experience and
: syéar to join the US director team with the events
"'dééutring in the last four months. We had great
):momentum entering the period and as a team, we
evaluate and execute plans to navigate the
broader business through these unprecedented times



===== page 67 =====
Grearyam enesmramaciatyceantyotrenstTa “af Koco gaxtsatna ts MSP rep HOWE
Rag banger co CADENA SYNE SY »- btgdagaeipemacipamnMSPand raised rs Bt
arevablestormaximiseouncollectiv XY G00 citsbaeandietsd toners they Caiesttoazsaned
Capa Unanouoeaaetmaveneoed hWeshaveqworkediwithtarrangeoticharitiestinithe mares 2° | satinomenascsoncnadsantaserDCaaDeD
BiromAlnikidsawhichshelpswvulnerable.childrenand]theigfamilies}
inter eran tnacE fOAY Bee
[Faithfull ound:

pada
Pamreflects turrent|notitopicsraround.global pounin go lasicy
AS: bre)
Whe epi Mae Wefarevexiremely

tn)

estoy toam exenan oon intoradulthood KOvergthe coursey a

Govan Woead over £30, 000,(inclusiveofigift[aid) fonSOSY
directeditowardstal

enn meaen theychanceytoescapeythe apts Og |i W
fpovorly sero bonojworkteaturedjonce more,withtajvendoy

frovowlccloyneyAipnayUSy eammanc)orocessyoplimisation ed]

[byithoyAiphayluxembourg}team: . gr
of

[5.077209 Swcl partnered /upmwithViedecins\Sans|Eronticres aE
(MSE) gantinicrnationallnonsgovernmentallorganisatiombest

[knownliowilsyprojectsrintcontlicttzonestand|countriesvaffected
humbexofifundraising

ain Cor esha (UNCAT GUD ERED GED is
Oeaten Reames eviumctacdonten

Genelparicioatedliny 0 5 a
Bnissingimapsmoventsiwherelwe ramemnage parison, tneqworld

finaluoqvulncrablelomnaturaldisasterstconmlict
fopicionics§Weralscrhostedyamlunch Deena
PunichiMsifiicidjstaliftalked aboutithelfexperiencestas nurses] ;

tina jag iullot plastic. pic

res Plaslic,Oceans}

is comme PACD tic)

oman Mcdartas



===== page 68 =====
66

Annual Report 2020

Role in Society

Community & Corporate Sociat Responsibility continued

“I would like to say a:huge::' “WAs our staff face unprecedented
y g ; P
thank you to everyone. . ! i ‘challenges around the world, your

a ts. ‘support will ensure that our teams
at Alpha for raising over ‘can continue providing urgent

£27,000. Your incredible: 4 “Mmedical aid to people caught up in
fundraising efforts will « ..:" ‘conflicts in South Sudan and Yemen,

ee

sure that we can "|; 2) ‘and to those living in refugee camps
en ul a fie in Greece and Bangladesh. A donation
continue providing a of this magnitude will undoubtedly

medical care to those: |i! !,*’'Save lives. On behalf of our staff and

who need it most” ‘ ‘ ‘patients around the world, thank you

or your support!”

Community and Corporate Giving Coordinator
at Médecins Sans Frontieres



===== page 69 =====
Experiences

Milena Czaczkowska
Manager, Luxembourg

I was lucky enough to come across Alpha during a
pivotal moment in my life as | was preparing to move
from New York to Luxembourg. Before joining Alpha, -
had been working in consulting and supporting :
systemically important financial institutions in the US

At the time, | was considering exploring a differént |“

career path as | was concerned about working.fora i‘ ‘

company whose values were not aligned with mine.

My concerns quickly dissolved when | began té learn
more about Alpha and | became immediately drawn to
the entrepreneurial and collaborative spirit of our company,

| am particularly grateful for the open mindedness of our

upper management, who consistently support us in’
putting forth and developing new initiatives th:
our company and our clients. Alpha has given me the

opportunity to translate my passion for sustainable finance!

into a worthy pursuit, allowing me to work closely'with ,

colleagues from our global offices to build our ESG offering. '

In our Luxembourg office, | was able to launch our D&
business management area and lead our CSR programme.

My experiance with Alpha thus far has widely bycenaee { (ly

Experiences

Anthony Dos Santos
Senior Consultant, France
‘Through the Proxité partnership | mentor A. She is 22,”

and audit, is originally from Mali and has been studyin:
France for three years. Her short-term objectives are
get her degree and to find an internship in accounting/
financial controlling.

Mentoring allows her to consolidate academic; concept:
Furthermore, | am helping her to find an internship by
proofreading her resume, her cover letter, as well asi
accompany her on various recruitment channels. In the’
long term, A. would like to receive advice on the differént
courses to follow or a master’s degree. .

Mentoring allows me to share my theoretical knowledge

and my professional experience. It is furthermore ape sj

personal challenge: helping A. to reach her objectives.

67

Annual Report 2020

& toe,

' Experiences
mo,
“Sarah Hedges
"'Qonsultant, UK

Before | joined Alpha, | wanted to work somewhere
fiersonal and entrepreneurial as | embarked on my
gtadyate career. Upon hearing about Alpha and going
- through the interview process, the culture sounded
as|icand just what | was looking for, |have now
2, for nearly three years and | have not
habe disappoinied.

‘sai Apna, if you have an idea or a way in which you want to
;{ cdiitribute to the company, you are empowered to do so.
his'supportive environment, combined with Alpha’s
unigue social culture, has allowed me to put forward and
see through ideas from my very early days at Alpha. From
‘D&I, where | established a charity partnership with the
uttori Trust, to contributing within Alpha's client ESG
+ Work and the Regulatory Compliance practice, Alpha sees
to it that no opportunity is closed off to any one of us.
ne .
‘hs Alpha grows, whilst retaining the culture and attributes,
that make it so special, | am excited to continue building
‘Careér and learning from the other talented individuals
10 6 rhake up this unique team.

 dhanagement clients in the fintech space. | joined

“Alpha. because | wanted to learn more about the asset

te ement industry, and | enjoy the challenging and
lelivery focussed aspects of project work. | was excited

and very motivated to join the fantastic team and get

i hye! with the many opportunities Alpha has to offer.

im very interested in volunteering and pro bono
ind at Alpha | got the opportunity to lead our
ely f the Year programme. Each year, Alpha
‘gg foyees nominate ana vote for the charity or

a ghod relationship with the charity partner. lam very
Bagoonate about my role and delighted that Alpha has

\
\

ato © atribute to both client and Alpha as a business are



===== page 70 =====
68

Annual Report 2020

Role in Society

Minimising our impact on the environment remains one
of Alpha’s chosen priorities. This year, we have increased
our focus to ensure that we continue to iterate, improve
and meet our environmental commitments. Adopting
environmentally sustainable behaviours is crucial to
mitigating risk and ensures that our business model
remains effective and profitable in the long term.

The three key tenets of Alpha's
environmental work and focus:are:

more environmentally aware;

. Reducing our footprint: developing and promoting
guidelines to reduce our carbon footprint, wliilst
ensuring there is limited or no impact on client
relationships and delivery; and j
Carbon offsetting: offsetting our remaining carton 8
footprint with a recognised partner in the UK whilst *
working towards carbon neutrality globally

* Climate Change and

! Alpha’s Carbon Footprint
The:Group recognises that having a business model that takes
climate change into account is important to our employees,
investors and ensures business sustainability. We continue to
monitor, improve and act on both our carbon footprint and our
Wider impact on the environment.

We completed an exercise during the year to understand our

carbon footprint in the UK, as our geography with the largest

revenue. This year we focussed on our largest three areas of
‘carbon emissions:

(UK Only. FY 19). CO, (ton

Travel 982 (86.5% of total)
Technology 23 (6.1% of total)
Energy 37 (8.4% of total)
Total 442

remaining footprint. We are applying an assumptions-!

calculation that draws upon the academic experierice of our *
employees on this topic, to provide an internal best estimate

for our carbon-offsetting assessments. tb.

We have partnered with Trees for Cities, a UK-based charity that
offsets to a strict protocol that aligns with the core principles of
and is validated by ISO 14064.2 and ISO 14064.3. Working with
them, we successfully became certified by Trees for Cities to being
. carbon neutral, based on the calculations above; with 1,178 trees
being planted this year to offset Alpha UK's carbon footprint.


===== page 71 =====
oe 69

oe Annual Report 2020

;

Lents Dockis
Managers lg 4

Bomed}Alonananuaryz20 land)itiwastevidentiiromimyy
firstidayfonwardstinatfevery/alphalemploveclhastalrole)C}
fplayyinjrunningounbusiness:inawayll|hadn tiseervelsewheres
SEAM Aapiy UPS PALMS EEO TAND,
ininewtiuncicucisimercsttcscompan comprises)
Giany COMMS ACIS ORO AD Sem
Fachieve collective goalsqwhetherinatioeliaunchinglalne wim
trchesn arate Abioertdsedeonsttatng tapes)
TUES MGMT TRIAS

Iiveloeeninvolveolwityalpnasiccaiteamysinceljonmarand}
[tlsoon[became:clearthattihere|was\arowingidemandlto)
(onnetsocer enttemmente ets, Cah eenglly ears
fthe[businesstas\welllasitt roughoutyourginvestogcommunityy
Testrp entioceponsteMy OS wa ee
ftovexplorelprojectsthatvAlpnarcanjundertake to.haveadirecty
(xaiivotieasd axes hogaagephica iunToGEtEIO,
eerie rae eer ereatong

fthelrequired|datayand|crunchingythemumberstto,calculate|
PAiohaluicsicarbonyoot prints :

,
(the, Global Manayement[Board Qwhowere Incredibly supportive)
frromfthcoutseta@we outlinediourplanitogeducate,ourg
[colleagues¥puyin(placeimeasurest! orreduceougiootprinty

fresearchicarbonjfootprint{methodologiesybeforegathering ag

iwherepossibleland parinerwithtanorganisationwe had)
[identified |tovoffsetfouyresidualemissions Mr nishwaskquicklyy
approved Awith}the,Global|Managemeni{Board[going onc)
(Stepfrurthedinjrequestingiinatpinenitiativelberolleclouy
ERAT LITE CPD NN.

iWeapproached}ireesttogcitiesytolbecomeourinaugural}
ita gama a Usted aaroreraTh cqastsaton ahs
[rissiontisttoggpreathel|ifeymtoyyougneignbou nocd al Novy
Mem eciiovelthis[ourposcloypiantingCOmbungyicest)
(afer lth over an teas plata to eat sy
[partnerships Directowtalkedlustnroughytheprocessrancl]
finformedjustinatyweqwouldjneedyioypiant}2\6 trees} (oy
prota _—wurareer= or perrmabreaierrin
[partnershipofficiallinfiate}20 | Sand] yampveryipleased}to)
cay Apis rs nesoero tap psc yam

(neup tem etna ass exangh to Greaney fis as
cauiienente tp tne mi a TB tee HO
(atefifo een ctiow casttan tots ensieo plant gs

Goeaty tars) tbo pinta omaEDeueched

Wookingyahead swelarctalreadyaworkingwwithougcollenguesy
[infeuropeyasiazand] Northyamercaytoccalculateyourtg Oba
feutornmeimpooningronwarcyowsecinagwincntacortional)
projectsyour,colleagues\voteltojtakesonynextwas\we}
besiftorcontinueeducatingjourselvesrand
ffurthenreducingfourmnetfenvironmentallimpact™

We will continue to iterate and improve on this approach i in 1 :
future years, which includes plans to independently verify, our!
CO, emissions calculation as well as working with other
regions to roll this approach out globally. We are also
Investigating and implementing other initiatives to raise
awareness and actively participate and help with the climate *
change challenge that the world is facing. We believe that
these initiatives will further establish Alpha as a risk aware,
forward-thinking and responsible organisation for our *
investors, employees and other key stakeholders.

Ensuring an Environmentally
Friendly Workplace

We eontiruously review and adjust our policies and procedures
concerning all offices, with a particular focus on minimising
our.impact ‘on the environment. This includes:

* Recycling where possible and encouraging paper re-use
and recycling across all of our offices;
Environmentally friendly re-use and recycling processes for
our technology;
Supporting remote working where appropriate and

. ensuring our employees are effectively set up to do so;

* Reviewing our use of electricity globally and reducing use

when appropriate; and

*, Continuously reviewing our office space to ensure that we

“are using our space effectively and efficiently.

. ‘By order of the Board.

E(ian Fraser
Global Chief Executive Officer
24 Juhe 2020



===== page 72 =====
Corporate Governance |

72 Board of Directors

74 Meet the Director

76 Chairman’s Introduction

78 Corporate Governance Code

80 Corporate Governance Report

88 Nomination Committee Report :
90 Audit and Risk Committee Report | !
94 Remuneration Committee Report

98 Directors’ Report

102 Independent Auditor's Report

The power of
our people to
demonstrate

integrity



===== page 73 =====


===== page 74 =====
72

Annual Report 2020

Ken Fry EuanFraser-. ; John Paton

Independent Non-Executive Global Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer
Chairman a: ik

Committee Membership Committee Membership’ Committee Membership

@"@® ©

Committee
Membership Key:

Member of the

Audit and Risk Committee
Member of the
Nomination Committee

Member of the
Remuneration Committee

Penny Judd Nick Kent:

Senior Independent Non-Executive:Director
Non-Executive Director oF ny

Committee Membership

@"@®@



===== page 75 =====
73

Annual Report 2020

Ken Fry

Independent Non-Executive
Chairman

Ken joined the Alpha Board in 2016, following
almost 10 years as the Global Chief Operating
Officer at Aberdeen Asset Management. He was
appointed the Board's Non-Executive Chairman
in February 2018. Ken has nearly 30 years’
experience in financial services and has
considerable experience integrating acquisitions
within the investment management industry. Ken
has a strong technology and operations
background afd has undertaken many
transformational projects during his career. He
directed the integration of major acquisitions
while at Aberdeen Asset Management, including
assets acquired from Deutsche Asset
Management, Credit Suisse Asset Management
and Scottish Widows Investment Partners.

Ken keeps the skills to support and deliver the
Group's strategy up to date by maintaining a
wide network of contacts within the financial
services industry globally..He regularly attends
conferences and discussion forums to keep
abreast of industry issues and meets with a wide
range of clients, employees, advisors and
institutional investors. He also advises on M&A
strategy within the investment management and
wealth Industry.

Penny Judd

Senior Independent
Non-Executive Director

Penny Judd joined the Alpha Board as a
Non-Executive Director in February 2018, having
previously held the roles of Managing Director
and EMEA Head of Compliance at both Nomura
International pic and UBS AG. Penny has a
strong public markets and financial services
background, with over 30 years’ experience in
compliance, regulation, corporate finance and
audit. She Is also a chartered accountant and is
currently Non-Executive Chairman of Plus500 Ltd
and Non-Executive Director and Chair of the
Audit Committee for both Trufin ple and Team17
Group ple.

Penny keeps the skills to support and deliver the
Group's strategy up to date through her
experiences gained on other listed company
boards, while also maintaining a wide network of
contacts in financial services and regulation. She
attends various conferences and events covering
relevant Industry and governance matters and
mests with a range of advisers and institutional
Investors in AIM and main market companies.

Euan Fraser : Mo
Global Chief Executive Officer

Euan has served as Global Chief Executive Officer
of Alpha since 2013. During this:period, the
business has increaséd EBITDA ten-fold, and he
has led the Group throuigh two private equity
transitions, public flotation on the London Stock
Exchange's AIM market in 2017 and the
acquisition of Axxsys Limited and Obs

‘Solutions Limited in 2019. Euan'was previously
Chief Executive Officer of Alpha UK; starting i
April 2011, where ha established both Alpha's
MBA Integration and Operations & Outsourcing
practices: He joinéd Alpha in 2004’aind has over
20 years’ financial services experience, having
worked at Merrill Lynch and KPMG, where he
qualified as a chartered accountant.

Euan keeps the:skills to support and deliver the
Group's strategy up to date through his role’as
Alpha’s Global Chief Executive Officer. In this role,
Euan has to understand and manage the interests
of a range of stakehelders, including employees,
clients, competitors and investors. Euan also
provides advice on MBA strategy and maintains a
number of strong relationships. within the industry.

Nick Kent °~ .

Non-Executive Director

Nick has been a Non-Executive Director of Alpha
since 2013. Nick has' over 30 years’ consulting
experience, including all aspects of the asset
management business, with particular emphasis
around addressing complex operations and IT
issues. Nick has also worked extensively
internationally, including in the US, Switzertand
and the Netherlands. Nick founded Alpha in
2003, after 14 years at Accenture, where he was
a seniot partner and ran the UK Asset
Management practice.

Nick keeps the ski 10 support and deliver the
Group's strategy up to date through an extensive
network, which he has amasséd after more than
30 years’ consulting to the asset and weatth
management industry. He continues to meet with
a wide array of clients, competitors and other
service providers to the industry. In the past year,
he has also participated in two vents regarding
remuneration committee best practice. * .

John Paton
Chief Financial Officer

John joined Alpha, and the Alpha Board, in
February 2018. John is a chartered accountant
with over 25 years’ corporate finance, banking
and audit experience. He previously worked at
HSBC where, during his 11 years, he worked in
both HSBC's Global Banking & Markets and
‘Commercial Banking divisions, with experience
across debt and equity capital ralsings and M&A
advisory. John started his career at KPMG,
working across financial services audit and risk
management. He is a member of the Institute of
Chartered Accountants of Scotland, graduated
LLB (Hons) from the University of Aberdeen and
holds an Executive MBA from the University of
Ecole Nationale des Ponts & Chaussées, France.

John keeps the necessary skills to support and
deliver the Group's strategy up to date principally
through his role as Alpha’s Chief Financial Officer.
This role brings deep knowledge of the Group's,
‘management, financial and operational activities,
as well as important corporate and statutory

detailed view of industry, financial and regulatory
changes and stays updated through dialogue
with advisers, regular technical reading, online
courses and attending relevant events.


===== page 76 =====
74

Annual Report 2020

Corporate Governance .

Meet the Director:

Ken Fry:

How did you get involved with Alpha?
first met Alpha back in 2005 as part of one of Aberde: Asset.
Management's particularly challenging acquisitions. | was ‘highly
impressed by the team to the point where it'soon becarne the’
norm for Alpha to be a central part of our integration teams.
This partnership had a big impact on the success of both
companies and it’s fair to say we have shared a few career
threatening opportunities over the years! a

| was invited to join the Board as an independent Non-Executive ~
Director when | left Aberdeen in 2016 and | was delighted, to
accept. The Board was reorganised as part of the listing on’
AIM In November 2017 and | was invited to chair the Board.

How was the transition from an industry
operational role to an oversight role?

You may have come across a management training exercise |
that involves instigating change without having line management
responsibilities. You quickly discover it requires a differer
of skills and moving to a non-executive role is much the’ sami
Industry experience is important but so are indepénden
‘objectivity and impartiality. You have to be willing to lister
and be prepared to speak out when necessary, often bringing -
a different perspective to the table. You are closely involved:
with risk management, formulating strategy and monitoring
Performance against it. In short, it’s the difference between
running a company and making sure it’s run well.

How has investment management
ichanged since you started your career?
hg
“There have ‘been some seismic changes in investment
thanagement during my career, starting with the “Big Bang”
: in the 1980s, which ushered in electronic trading and the era
+ of regulation. However, in other respects, remarkably little has
_ changed and many processes underpinning the industry remain
largely unreformed. No surprise, then, that as companies
expand geographically and take on increasingly sophisticated
‘Assets and products, complexity increases. This, in turn,
‘drives costs and even the most well-resourced companies
struggle to keep their operating models under control. There
lies the opportunity and where Alpha comes into its own, by
providing deep industry knowledge and thought leadership.

What advice do you have for future leaders?

» Surround yourself with good people and don't be frightened to
“give your job away. Be a strong advocate of teamwork and be
steady to change your mind when someone is making more
“sense than you. Choose your battles and learn which emails
ave as draft”. Above all, make sure you have the capacity
; to take on the new top priority that wasn't there when you
were given the last top priority!



===== page 77 =====
75

Annual Report 2020



===== page 78 =====
76

Annual Report 2020

Corporate Governance’

Chairman's

Introduction |
The Board is committed to effective corporate

governance, appropriately. aligned with the Group's
priorities to manage risk, promote a strong corporate

culture and deliver a strategy’ for growth.

An Introduction from the Chairman

The Directors of the Board believe that an engaged Board and
an effective committee structure facilitate the good governance
of the entire Group and ensure an appropriate framework for
its continued success and growth. The Board has éstablistied
an Audit and Risk Committee, a Remuneration Committee and
a Nomination Committee; each with formally delegated duties
and responsibilities.

The role of the Chairman is to lead the Board and be responsible .
for its governance, performance and effectiveness. The Chairman ’
sets the tone for the Company and ensures that the links
between the Board and the executive team, as well as between
the Board and the shareholders, are strong and éfficient.!'.. :

The Group operates an open and inclusive culture, and this is
fundamental to the way that the Board conducts itself. The
Directors believe that this culture, together with a very strong
emphasis on integrity, business ethics and good corporate
governance, ensure our ability to execute the strategy, to
deliver the right outcomes for the Group's clients, and deliver
value for our shareholders and other stakeholders. -

Application of the QCA Code

In recognising the importance of high standards of corporate
governance, integrity and business ethics, we continue to apply
“the Quoted Companies Alliance Corporate Governance Code

(the “QCA Code”). A description of how the Board complies

with the principles of the QCA code is provided on pp 78-79.

Further information on how the Board applies the

; | Tecommendations of the QCA code, and on the Group's

governance structure, is set out in the following corporate
governance statements of the report.

The Directors recognise the need to continue to develop our

:governance structure and processes in ways that reflect the

evolving needs of the Group's shareholders, employees, clients

“and wider stakeholders, and in order to ensure they support

the growth and strategic progress of the Group. In doing so,
we are committed to maintaining our compliance with the
principles of the QCA code and providing clear disclosures
relating to the changes and developments that we make.

Fry
airman
24 June 2020



===== page 79 =====
77

Annual Report 2020

“The culture at Alpha i is what makes
it unique and a great place to work.
Everyone is focussed on being a true
team player both within their Project
team and the wider company.”

Alpha employee


===== page 80 =====
78

Annual Report 2020

Corporate Governance

Corporate Governance

Code

The QCA Code requires the Group to apply the 10 QCA corporate governance principles as set out below and to publish certain
related disclosures in the Annual Report, on the website, or a combination of the two. The Group has followed the QCA Code's
recommendations and has provided disclosure relating to all the principles in a corporate governance statement on the website
investors.alphatme.com and, as well, summarises compliance with the principles in this Annual Report:

Deliver Grow

Principle 1:

Establish a strategy and
business model that
promote tong-term value

The business model is premised-upon delivering growth
through the cross-seli and upsell of its high-quality service
offering to existing clients; and selling its services to new
clients. The strategy is to continue to grow in both existing

The Group's business model
and strategy are described
in the Strategic Report on
pp 14-48,

for shareholders. and new jurisdictions by.developing the service proposition.
Principle 2: Good, consistent engagement with shareholders is given The Group's approach to
Seek to understand and ahigh priority by thé Board. The principal methods of shareholder communications is
meet shareholder needs communication with shareholders are the Annual Report & described in the Corporate
and expectations. Accounts, the interim and full-year results announcements, | Governance report on p. 87.
regular direct executive-level engagement with shareholders, Th a .
, ite i 1e Global Chief Executive
the AGM and the Group's website investors.alphafmc.com. Officer and the Chief Financial
The Chairman and Non-Executive Directors are also available Officer act as the main point of
to meet with shareholders, if required, to discuss any items contact for shareholders
of importance. . i (company.secretary@alphafme.
. com).
Principle 3: The Board, supported by the:executive team, upholds a The Group's community and
Take into account wider commitment to operating a socially and ethically responsible corporate social responsibility
stakeholder and social company. Engagement with stakeholders and wider disclosure is provided as part of

responsibilities and their
implications for tong-
term success.

communities ensures loniment of interests and facilitates
good decision, making.

the Role in Society report on
pp 60-67.

The Group's engagement
model with clients and wider
‘stakeholders is described in the
Strategic Report on pp 34-36.

Principle 4:
Embed effective risk
management considering

both opportunities and threats,

throughout the organisation.

The Board has overall responsibility for the determination
of the Group's risk management objectives and policies.
The goal of the Board is,to set policies that seek to reduce
ongoing risk as far as possible, withcut unduly affecting the
Group's competitiveness’ and flexibility.

The Group's risk management
framework is described in the
Strategic Report on pp 40-42,
and in the Corporate
Governance report on p. 86.



===== page 81 =====
79

Annual Report 2020

Section 2: Maintain a Dynamic Framework

Principle 5:
Maintain the Board as a
well-functioning, balanced

The Group believes that the Board's composition brings a
desirable range of skills, personal qualities and professional
credentials. Suitable Board operations; access to advice and

The Board's composition and
operating framework is
described in the Corporate

team led by the Chair. administrative services; effective induction of new Directors; | Governance report on
and a regular Performance as assessment also‘ensure Board pp 80-83.
effectiveness. .
Principle 6: As an AIM-quoted provider of specialist consultancy Biographical details of the
Ensure that between them the _ services to the asset and wealth management industry, Directors, including relevant
Directors have the necessary Alpha’s Board needs to represent a range of skills and experiences and how skill
up-to-date experience, skills competencies, including, experience i in public markets, sets are kept up to date, are
and capabilities. financial services, governance and audit, the consulting provided on pp 72-73 of the
sector, and business operations. Corporate Governance
af —— report.
Principle 7: The objectives of the Board:are to approve the Group's The Board's evaluation
Evaluate Board performance strategy, budgets and key corporate activities, and framework is described in the
‘based on clear and relevant. to oversee the Group’s progress towards its goals. Corporate Governance

objectives, seeking
continuous improvement.

The Group has a process for evaluating the performance of
the Board, committees and individual directors in respect
of those objectives.

report on p. 82.

Principle 8:

Promote a corporate culture
that is based on ethical values
and behaviours.

The Board is conscious of its role in fostering and
safeguarding a culture of inclusion, responsibility and
openness. These values are embedded across the
Group's leadership and throughout the organisation.

The Group's culture and values
are discussed in the Role in
Society report on pp 52-69.

Principle 9:

Maintain governance
structures and processes that
are fit for purpose and good
decision making by the Board.

The Group operates an effective, streamlined governance
framework. In this framework, the Board supports the
executive team to develop.and execute the Group's
strategy, and key decisions are reached through open and
constructive dialogue. .

A governance chart is provided
on p. 84 and processes are
described on pp 82-83 of the
Corporate Governance
report.

Principle 10:
Communicate how the
company is govemed and is
performing by maintaining a
dialogue with shareholders and
other relevant stakeholders.

The Group places a strorig emphasis on the standards of
good corporate governance and rnaintaining an effective
engagement with its shareholders and key stakeholders.

In addition to the Annual Report & Accounts, the website is

updated regularly with information regarding the Group's
activities and Performance.

The governance of the
‘Company, which is led by
the Board, is described in the
Corporate Governance
Report on pp 72-106.

The website investors.
alphafmc.com provides

the Group's reports and
presentations; notices of AGM;
and results of voting on all
resolutions in AGMs



===== page 82 =====
80

Annual Report 2020

_Corporate Governance
Corporate
Report

Board Composition

Directors. As announced on 22 June 2020, Jill May will joint
Board on 1 July 2020 as an independent Nori-Executive Direct
at which point there will be three independent Non-Executive
Directors, one of whom is the Chairman.

As a provider of specialist consultancy and complementary ©
services to the asset and wealth management industry, and

an AIM-quoted company, Alpha requires a range of skills,
capabilities and competencies to be represented on the Board,
Including experience in public markets, financial services, ‘+
governance and audit, the consulting sector and business: :
operations. The Board is confident that its members have the
appropriate balance of experience, skills, personal qualities and,
capabilities in order to meet this requirement and to deliver the’ |
strategy of the Group for the benefit of the shareholders over” an a

* the medium to long term. Biographical details for all Directors, Pp? .° a
including a summary of their relevant experiences, are provided | ee"
on pp 72-73 of the Annual Report & Accounts. .°-’ rs
st eee + ee
The Board considers an independent Non-Executive Director". b g

to be free from any relationship that might materially interfere’ ee Rola ‘ole
with the exercise of independent judgement. After careful 7 7 oO
review, Nick Kent has been recognised as non-independent = * bd

due to his long-standing relationship with the business from
his previous position as Chief Executive Officer. However, the nh
Board judges that there is a suitable balance between yee
independence and knowledge of the Company; and that Nick F , 3
is fully able to discharge his duties effectively and responsibly.

2

*

°

All Directors are encouraged and expected to use their : : Won,Executive,Chairg 9

independent judgement and to challenge all matters, whether a an t YNontexecutive Directors
tional. ° =

‘strategic or operational ote ? a



===== page 83 =====
81

‘Annual Report 2020

The Board makes decisions regarding the appointment and. “4
removal of Directors, and there is a rigorous process for the’ *
identification and appointment of new Directors that isled by
the Nomination Committee. Under the Company's Articles of

Association, Directors that have been appointed by the Board ©

since the last Annual General Meeting are obliged to retire and
offer themselves for re-election. Furthermore, the remaining ,
Directors are obliged to offer themselves for re-election every.
three years. Accordingly, Jill May who will join the Board on °
1 July 2020, will seek election and Euan Fraser, Ken Fry and. ae
Nick Kent will retire and offer themselves for re-election at the
2020 AGM.

Diversity :
The Board, supported by the Nomination Committee, valués :
diversity in its broadest sense and, when considering new
Director appointments, will, in addition to considering gender,
age, ethnicity, region and experience, look to maintain within,
the Board the appropriate balance of skills, independence’ and
knowledge of the Company, its services and the industry as a
whole. Further details of the Group's approach to diversityand
inclusion can be found on pp 60-63. .

Lengiin of

@18—05 8.
Jassyeats} 0.
_ SyaD 0 ®

Roles of the Directors

The Group operates an effective, streamlined governance
framework. In this framework, the Board supports the executive
team, represented by the Global Management Board, in
developing and executing the Group's strategy. Any decision
between the Board and the executive team is reached through
an open’ ‘and constructive dialogue.

The Executive Directors of the Board are Euan Fraser, the Global
Chief Executive Officer, and John Paton, the Chief Financial
Officer. The Executive Directors have strong knowledge of the
operations of the Group, the interests of its stakeholders, and
its market and financial positions. Senior executives below
Board level attend Board meetings upon request to present
and discuss business strategy and updates.

The Non-Executive Directors of the Board are Ken Fry, Nick

* Kent and Penny Judd. They were selected with the objectives

of i ineréasing the breadth of skills and experience of the Board
arid’ bringing constructive challenge to the Executive Directors.
‘The Non-Executive Directors are also responsible for the
effective running’of the Board's committees and ensuring that
the committeés support and facilitate the strategic priorities of
the Board.

Penny’ ludd is the Senior Independent Non-Executive Director
("SID"): The principal role of the SID is to act as a sounding board
for the Chairman and serves as an intermediary for the other
Directors when necessary. Penny is also available to shareholders
should they wish to discuss concerns that they feel have not

; been resolved through the normal channels of engagement with
the Chairman, the Global Chief Executive Officer or Executive
Directors; or for which such contact is inappropriate.

At the head of the Group, there is a clear delineation of
responsibilities between the Chairman of the Board and the Global
Chief Executive Officer. The Non-Executive Chairman leads the
Board and is responsible for its governance, performance and
effectiveness. This includes ensuring that the dynamics of the
Board’are, functional and productive and that no individual Director
* dominates discussion or decision making. In this role, the
Chairman sets the tone for the Company and ensures that the
* links between the Board and the executive team, as well as
between the Board and the shareholders, are strong and effective.
| Meariwhily, the Global Chief Executive Officer is responsible for
: the day-to-day management of the Group's global operations,
* for proposing the strategic focusses to the Board, and for
- implementing the strategic goals agreed by the Board.



===== page 84 =====
82

Annual Report 2020

Committees of the Board

In order to fulfil the Group’s objectives and facilitate effective
decision making, the Board has established the following -_
committees, each with delegated responsibilities and duti

* An Audit and Risk Committee to monitor the quality of the
Group's internal controls and risk management systems, to
maintain the relationship with the external auditor and. to
ensure that the financial performance of the Group is *
properly measured and reported on;

»* ARemuneration Committee to review the performance of
the Executive Directors, the Chairman and the senior ,
executive team, and make recommendations to the Board
on matters relating to their remuneration and terms of ;
service; and

* ANomination Committee to review regularly the compesiton ‘
and succession planning of the Board, and to lead the process *.

for Board appointments.

A report on the role, composition and key activities of the
individual committees is set out on pp 88-97. From time. to,
time, separate committees may be set up by the Board to
consider and address specific issues or objectives, when the
need arises.

Board Effectiveness

The objectives of the Board are to review, formulate and approve
the Group's strategy, budgets and key corporate activities, and
to oversee the Group's progress towards its goals. The Group
has a process for evaluating the performance of the Board, of
its committees and the Directors individually in respect ot these
objectives. In addition, the Chairman assesses the Board as

a whole regularly to ensure that it is functioning efficiently

and productively. :

A formal Board evaluation process was conducted in March
2019 by way of a detailed questionnaire completed by,each
member of the Board, followed by individual interviews by the
Chairman. The aim of the evaluation was to obtain actionable
views on the effectiveness of the Board, its committees and
key governance areas. The responses were collated, reviewed
by the Chairman and a summary of the results presented to
the Board for discussion and agreement on focus areas and.

wos

related actions. These included enhancing the Board calendar
to have more regular presentations by, and discussions with,
members of the Global Management Board and others in the
wider senior management team, holding additional dedicated
Board sessions to review strategy in the light of business growth
and recent acquisitions, and considering whether an additional
independent Non-Executive Director should be appointed.

“The conclusions from this evaluation confirmed that the Board

continues to function effectively as a unit and in committees
and that the Directors discharge their duties adequately.

During the year, each of the areas discussed as part of the
previous evaluation has been considered and the Board has
monitored progress regularly. In particular, as explained earlier in
the Chairman's Report, the Directors agreed that, as the business

. has continued to grow in scale and complexity, it would be

beneficial to seek an additional independent Non-Executive

" Direétor. with’ experience in the financial services sector to enhance
" the Skills and experience on the Board and further increase

Board independence. Further details about the selection
process and appointment of Jill May as an independent
Non-Executive Director with effect from 1 July 2020 can be
found in the Nomination Committee Report on p. 89.

Given the decision to appoint an additional Non-Executive
Director, the Directors agreed that the Board evaluation process

“for FY 20 would be conducted by way of one-to-one discussions

between the Chairman and each member of the Board, rather
than a full Board evaluation process. The Chairman held calls
with the Directors during March 2020 and the conclusions from
these conversations confirmed that the Board continues to
function effectively as a unit and in committees. Some minor
improvements to Board processes were identified and have
been actioned.

“ Itis intended that a full Board evaluation will be carried out

luring FY 21. The process will be conducted by the Chairman

” With; feference to the competencies set out by the Nomination

Committee pursuant to each Board role. As part of this process,
aivy'training.and personal development needs will be identified.

‘The Group believes that the selection, induction and development
of Directors underpin its ability to perform to its objectives and
ensure an effective Board. The Nomination Committee oversees
the identification and selection of Directors that are equipped
th the correct range of experience, knowledge, integrity and



===== page 85 =====
83

Annual Report 2020

ethics; and makes recommendations for maintaining an
appropriate balance of skills on the Board. The Nomination
Committee may also use the results of the evaluation process
when reviewing the composition of the Board for selecting

any new Board members, and in succession planning for the”
Directors of the Board as well as key executive team members.

Board Operations

The Board is responsible for the Group's strategy and overall *
management. The operation of the Board is documented in a
formal schedule of matters reserved for its approval, which

sets out the Board’s responsibilities. ‘

The Board Is required to meet at least six times a year. During ;
the financial year, nine formal Board meetings todk place and. B
number of ad hoc calls were held to discuss current issues!
The Board also held a dedicated strategy session ifi June : -.
2019 and more recently in May 2020. The Directors are-fully
encouraged to attend all meetings of the Board, and the |”
committees on which they sit, and have agreed to ailocate
sufficient time to the Group as is needed to enable them to
carry out their responsibilities as Directors. All Board members
attended all meetings to which they were invited.

The time commitment required of all Non-Executive Directors:
is currently three days per month, while the Executive
Directors are committed on a full-time basis. The Board is
satisfied that each of the Directors can dedicate sufficient time
to the Group's business and can fulfil the obligations fully. The
Board and committee schedules are planned in advance of * ;-
the financial year ahead, in order to facilitate attendance and. -
ensure that the appropriate discussion time is available. A .
record of the number of meetings of the Board during FY 20,
and the attendance by each Board member is provided below:

‘Attendance --

Board member Eligible to attend

Ken Fry (Chairman) 9 ng

Euan Fraser 9 oa)

Penny Judd 9 “9 :
Nick Kent 9 9

John Paton 9 9

jHhas an agenda of regular business, financial and
operational matters for discussion, as well as a review of each
of the Board committee's areas of work. The key activities of
the Board meetings during the year included the following:
4

‘
\ Discussed and reviewed the progress of strategic
ed an open dialogue with the investor communi

results;
the Group's capital structure and
Reviewed the progress of key client relationships
iand engageménts across the Group;
"Considered financial and non-financial policies,
{including the risk policy;
K aSsesEm
+ Imafggement systems:
ne ‘Discussed the corporate governance requirements
“ASH processes;
Considered the FY 19 final and the FY 20 interim
dividends; and
{! Bigcussed the impact of COVID-19 on business operations,
trading and short-term changes to remuneration,

An effective
corporate governance
framework is key to
reducing risk, adding
value to the business and
bringing long-term benefits
to the Group's shareholders.
| It is the Board's responsibility
to oversee and optimise
that framework.



===== page 86 =====
84

Annual Report 2020

Corporate Governance —..

Corporate Governance Report continued

Board Structure ;
. Alpha Board
Agrees Group strategy
+ Oversees progress towards strategic goals
‘Shareholder énd stakeholder engagement
Chairman of the Board

Leadership of the Board

Reviews porformance of the Board Directors.

Ensures corporate governance

)eEEuns'aczaeey GuaEEEy

Global Auditand Risk © Nomination Remuneration
Managment Board Committee : Committee Committee
Management of Ensures effective systems 1." 7°" Rlvlows Board compestion ‘Agrees Group remuneration policies
business operations of intemal eontrot and balance of skis hoes bperaton of
Execution of strategy Oversees the Groups Leads the process for transparent, simple and
financial reporting ° * : Board appointments offoctive incentive schemes:
Appoints the external auditor” . * Ensures appropriate Considers alignment of reward
7 . ‘succession planning with long-term shareholder value
I Too T I
Global Chie! Chief Chief
Chief Financial .° | ' Commercial Marketing
Executive Officer .)..| 4). Officer Officer
Officer
Chief Chief Chief Chief
Operating Executive Executive Executive
fficer Officer, ADS Officer, UK © - Officer, Europe Officer, US

Key:

e Executive foo
reb +


===== page 87 =====
85

Annual Report 2020

“Alpha is special because of the high
calibre of its people, its organisational
honesty, the unrelenting focus on
delivering client value, the commercial
astuteness of its market proposition
and, most importantly, the sense 7
kinship and camaraderie.”

Alpha employee


===== page 88 =====
86 See

‘Annual Report 2020

Corporate Governance

Corporate Governance Report continued

The Chairman, aided by the Company Secretary, is responsible
for ensuring that the Directors receive accurate and timely
Information for the Board meeting. The Cornpany Secretary
provides minutes of each meeting and every Director is aware
of the right to have any concerns documented. In addition, the
Company Secretary ensures that any feedback or suggestions
for improvement of the Board papers are documented and
evaluated for amendment or enhancement with respéct to
future meetings of the Board.

The Directors have direct access to the advice and services of
Prism Cosec, who were appointed to act as Compariy Secretary
for the Group with effect from 1 October 2019. The Board ‘
members may seek the advice of the Group's legal advisers,
external auditors and the Nominated Advisor (“NOMAD”) on
matters within the Board or the committees’ terms of referefice,
‘or to provide recommendations on specific corporate or
governance events. During the year, all of the Group’s advi ers
met with the Board.

Conflicts of Interest

The Company has effective procedures in place to identi
monitor and manage any conflicts of interest. At eacti meetin 9
of the Board or its committees, the Directors are required to
declare any interests in the matters to be discussed and are
regularly reminded of their duty to notify any actual or potential
conflicts of interest. The Company’s Articles provide for the
Board to authorise any actual or potential conflicts of interest

if deemed appropriate to do so.

Internal Controls and Risk Management

The Board has overall accountability for the systems of internal
contro! and risk management. The Audit and Risk Committee,
reviews and assures the effectiveness of the Group's internal
controls and risk management on the Board's behalf.

As part of that duty, the Board determines the Group's risk
management objectives and policies. In this respect, the
objective of the Board is to set policies that seek to reduce
‘ongoing risk as far as possible, without unduly affecting the -
Group's competitiveness and flexibility. The Board believes
that this approach serves the interests of creating sustainable
shareholder value while also protecting the Group's corporate
culture and other stakeholder interests.

The operational functions of the Group are carried out within

a practical and effective risk management framework. The
Global Management Board is responsible for identifying and
managing risk effectively, across the business. Any material
operational decisions made by the Global Management Board
in this respect are reviewed by the Board.

The identified material operational, financial and industry risks
facing the Group are also reported to the Board. A summary of
the principal risks and uncertainties, as well as mitigating actions,
are provided in the “principal risks” section of the Strategic Report.
The Board formally reviews and documents the principal risks
to the business at least annually.

Processes to embed risk management throughout the Group,
and opportunities to introduce further enhancements, continue
to be reviewed and changes are implemented as appropriate.



===== page 89 =====
cone 87

. Annual Report 2020
Engagement Calendar FY 20 ’
5
March-April April September Ostovér,- November March-May
2019 2019 2019 2018: 2019 2020
Pre-close Pre-close Annual General ‘Pre-close trading Interim results UK & European
investor meetings —_ trading update Meeting roadshow, UK Investor conference calls

update.

June September October February
2019 2019 : 2019 2020
Preliminary results Private client broker * Pre-close US investor
roadshow, UK and shareholder ‘=’ investor meetings meetings
& Europe meetings, UK : .

Shareholder Communications
Boy
‘The Board places an emphasis on maintaining an efféctive
dialogue with its shareholders, which it considers to.be
integral to long-term growth and success. It is committed to
communicating consistently and openly with shareholders.

The principal methods of communication are the Annual
Report & Accounts, the interim and full-year results 7 +
announcements, the AGM and the Group's investor website.
investors.alphafme.com.

The website is updated regularly with information regarding
the Group's governance, activities and performance, including,
both statutory and non-statutory regulatory news
announcements, which are issued throughout the year, to’
update on financial, operational and other matters.

The Global Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer ,
meet with the representatives of the Group's institutional investors
as well as analysts to ensure that the Group's corporate
objectives, strategies and operational developments are clear |
and understood. This includes investor roadshows, attending ©
investor conferences and ad-hoc meetings that are part of the
building of relationships with existing and future shareholders..
Investor relations activity and a review of the shareholder
register are quarterly items on the Board's agenda.

Understahding what analysts and investors think about the

roup is an equally important component of these interactions.
‘The Board as a whole is kept informed of their feedback and views
by the Global Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer.

. This includes feedback provided by the Group's corporate

broker, Joh: Berenberg, Gossler & Co., following investor
meetings. The Chairman and Non-Executive Directors are also
available to meet with shareholders, if required, to discuss any
itéms of importance.

The Company's third AGM since its AIM admission is scheduled
to take place on 23 September 2020. In normal circumstances,
all shareholders are encouraged to attend the AGM. However,
in the light of the measures around social distancing that

have been applied in the UK in response to the COVID-19
pandemic, the Board intends to hold the AGM as a closed
meeting and shareholders will, therefore, not be permitted to
attend the meeting.

Further details of the arrangements for the meeting and voting
procedures are set out in the Notice of the 2020 Annual General
Meeting. Voting results will be announced through the Regulatory
News Service'and made available on the Company's website.

_ By‘order of the Board.

“Ken Fry
Chairman
24 June 2020


===== page 90 =====
88 a

Annual Report 2020 a

Corporate Governance ..

Nomination. Committee
Report
The Nomination Committee leads the process for Board

appointments and making | recommendations to the
Board about its compositi on and succession planning.

‘On behalf of the Board, | am pleased to present the Nomination Committee Governance
Committee's report for the year ended 31 March 2020. ° “

The Committee is chaired by the Chairman of the Board, Ken Fry;
Last year, the Board undertook to consider the appointment its other members are Penny Judd and Euan Fraser. Jill May
of an additional Non-Executive Director. Following a review, of __ will join the Committee on her appointment on 1 July 2020.
the composition of the Board, it was agreed that it would bé .

beneficial to seek an additional Non-Executive Director with In the event that the matter under discussion is the Chair’s
‘experience in the financial services sector to enhance the ' siiccession, the Committee will be chaired by an independent
skills and experience on the Board and further increase Board! Non-Executive Director.

independence, In line with best practice. The Committee has now

completed a search and selection process, which is explained’ The Nomination Committee meets as and when necessary,

in more detail in this report. | am very pleased to welcome :;:; _ but at least twice a year. The Nomination Committee met three
Jill May to the Board; she will join us as an independent times during FY 20.

Non-Executive Director with effect from 1 July 2020. :

.Key Responsibilities

Committee Attendance aati

‘ The purpose of the Nomination Committee is to keep under
Committee member Eligible toattend _Attendance_ review the'structure, size and composition of the Board, as
Ken Fry (Chair) 3 _, 3 well as succession planning for the Directors. It leads the
Euan Fraser 3: | °:3 process for identifying and nominating, for approval by the
Penny Judd 3 0.5.3 Board, candidates to fill Board and committee vacancies.

:-_. Inaccordance with its terms of reference, the Committee

a develops and maintains a rigorous and transparent approach
c for. recommending appointments and reappointments to the

“ Board. Its primary responsibilities in this area include:

* ‘Regularly reviewing the structure, size and composition of

", the Board to ensure that it has an appropriate balance of

” skills, independence, knowledge, experience and diversity;
: . Considering succession planning for the Board Directors and
a senior executives, taking into account the challenges and
yo opportunities facing the Company and wider Group, along
with’skills and expertise that may be required in the future;



===== page 91 =====
~~
89,

i Annual Report 2020

* Identifying and nominating for approval by the Board _
candidates to fill Board vacancies as and when they arise;
Ensuring the necessary due diligence and conflicts of
interest checks have been undertaken beforean -
appointment is made; n '
Monitoring whether satisfactory induction is provided to
new Directors regarding their knowledge of the Group,
and their Board and committee responsibilities; and
Reviewing the results of the Board evaluation process and
ensuring that the conclusions are captured and actioned
where necessary. '

.

Activities during the Year

One of the Committee's key roles is to review the composition of
the Board. During the year, the Committee undertook a search
and selection process for an additional Non-Executive Director.
The Committee agreed the selection criteria to identify potential
candidates and consulted with its advisers and networks to
obtain recommendations for suitable candidates. A number

of candidates were considered against the agreed selection
criteria, and the Chairman and other members of the Board met
with four candidates. After careful consideration, the Committee
recommended the appointment of Jill May and the Board’'
agreed that she be appointed with effect from 1 July 2020.

Another key role of the Committee is to ensure that the Group
has appropriate succession planning in place. During the year,
contingency and succession plans for the members of the
Board, particularly the Executive Director roles, continued to
be an area of focus. The Committee also carried out a review
of the management structure of the Group’s business to
accommodate further growth and scale.

As part of the Board's commitment to maintaining a strong
corporate governance framework, the Committee reviews the
approach to, and results of, the Board's performance evaluaticr’
process. Given the planned addition to the Board, it was agreed
that the evaluation process for FY 20 would be conducted by
way of one-to-one discussions between the Chairman and
each member of the Board, rather than a full Board evaluation’
process. The Chairman held calls with Directors during March’
2020 and fed back the output from these discussions to the
Committee. The Committee continues to believe that the
Board, its sub-committees and the Directors individually
operate an optimal structure to secure future growth, while
protecting the Group's unique culture.

Diversity

In executing its duties, the Nomination Committee objectively
considers candidates on merit and with due regard for the
benefits of diversity, including gender diversity, on the Board.

Alpha is an equal opportunities employer and the Group's policy
is to ensure that all employees, or those seeking employment,
are treated fairly. This policy applies at Board level and across
the Group widely. All decisions relating to recruitment, selection
and promotion are made objectively regardless of race, ethnicity,
nationality; gender, sexual orientation, religious belief, political
opinion, age or disability. The Nomination Committee receives
updates, ‘on the Group's D&l programme, which is described in
the Role in Society report.

Ken Fry |
Chair of the Nomination Committee
24 June 2020


===== page 92 =====
90

Annual Report 2020 .

Corporate Governance. : rae 7 ,
Audit and Risk
Committee Report

The Audit and Risk Committee provides oversight of the
Group's financial statements and performance reporting,
and of the Group's systems ¢ of internal financial control
and risk management. ‘

On behalf of the Board, | am pleased to present the Audit and Committee Attendance
Risk Committee's report for the year ended 31 March 2020.

Committee member Eligibietoattend Attendance
In February 2020, it was agreed that, as the Committee takes an Penny Judd (Chair) 3 3
active role in monitoring and reviewing the Group's integrated, Nick Kent 3 3
risk management framework, it was appropriate to change the Ken Fry 3 3

name of the Committee to the Audit and Risk Committee with r

effect from 1 April 2020. Cob t
‘Committee Governance

The purpose of the Audit and Risk Committee is to oversee the

Group's internal financial controls and risk management systerris; The Audit and Risk Committee is chaired by Penny Judd and

to recommend the interim and full-year financial results to the comprises solely Non-Executive Directors. Its other members

Board; and to monitor the integrity of all formal reports and. ~ . are Nick Kent and Ken Fry. Jill May will join the Committee on

announcements relating to the Company's financial performance. - her appointment on 1 July 2020.

In addition, the Committee is responsible for appointing the '

external auditor of the Group, maintaining that relationship and The Audit and Risk Committee meets as and when necessary,

reporting the findings and recommendations of the external a but at least three times a year. The Committee met three times

auditor to the Board. . , during FY 20.

The Committee has unrestricted access to the Group's auditor,
KPMG LLP, and the lead audit partner and members of that

* team are invited to attend meetings of the Committee
regularly, At least once a year, and twice in FY 20, the
Cominittee meets with the auditor without the presence of any
£xecutive Director in order to discuss independently the
auditor's remit and any other issues arising from the audit.

": °° The Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Executive Officer
* attend meetings at the request of the Committee Chair to
facilitate discussion of the financial statements and systems of
financia! control and risk management. Both Directors joined
. Part of each meeting held in FY 20.



===== page 93 =====
\i

7 a
L a
f . _ i 7. ‘

yo Annual Report LN

an = ScoPe

Key Responsibilities ee Activities during the Year “

The Committee's key responsibilities are set out in its terms of, During FY 20, the Committee reviewed and approved the

reference and include the following: “Group's interim and preliminary results including consideration
_ of the significant accounting issues relating to the financial

* Monitoring the integrity of the Group's financial statements, _ staternents and the going concern review. The Committee also

including the annual and interim reports, and other reviewed the year-end audit plan and considered the scope of
significant announcements relating to financial the audit as well as the external auditor's fees.
performance, and reviewing any significant reporting issues ° ’
and judgements; vy Inits responsibility to assure the Group's financial control and
¢ Advising on the clarity of disclosure and information * ~tisk management environment, the Committee continued its
contained in the financial reports; : focus on risk and financial controls. During the year, the Group
* Ensuring compliance with relevant accounting standards. undertook a full review of its financial controls, which the
and reviewing the consistency of the methodology applied; _ Committee discussed and approved. This review concluded that
* Reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of the systerns’ the Group's internal controls are operating adequately and
of internal control and risk management; a * identified some refinements to systems and processes to improve
* Overseeing the relationship with the external auditor, °°‘ further the financial contro! environment. A plan has been put
reviewing performance and advising the Board members in place to implement these refinements and to enhance team
‘on the auditor's appointment and remuneration; operations, which the Committee will monitor and oversee.
* Reviewing and discussing the findings of the audit with the .
external auditor. On behalf of the Board, the Committee oversees the Group's

risk processes and risk reporting across all business units,
Alongside the audit process, there is an ongoing focus to identify
and manage the risks faced by the Group. The principal risks
to the Group, along with the identified mitigating actions, are
set out in the “principal risks” section of the Strategic Report.

The Committee reviewed and approved its terms of reference
during the year.



===== page 94 =====
92

Annual Report 2020

Corporate Governance °:

Audit and Risk Committee Report continued

During the year, the Company received a review letter from the
Corporate Reporting Review Team (“CRRT”) of the Financial
Reporting Council (“FRC”) in relation to its regular review and
assessment of the quality of corporate reporting in the UK.
The Committee worked with the senior management team in
responding to the CRRT's questions, and all matters have
been satisfactorily resolved. The key change in the FY 20
accounts is to present rechargeable expenses to clients within,
revenue. As these expenses are recharged at nil margin, the
adjustment has no impact on the Group's profits or net asset
position in both the current and prior years. Further detail is ©
provided in note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial ,
‘statements. Several other disclosure enhancements have
been adopted in this year's Annual Report to provide further
clarity and to address questions and comments raised by the
CRRT. The CRAT subsequently confirmed that it had closed
its enquiries. The CRRT noted its review was solely based on
a review of Alpha’s FY 19 Accounts and cannot be relied upon
as an assurance or verification.

External Auditor

The Committee considers the appointment of, and the fees
payable to KPMG LLP. Fees for non-audit services of,£10,000
were paid in respect of KPMG LLP's review of the FY 20 interim
results; KPMG LLP did not provide any other non-audit services
during the year. An analysis of the remuneration to the external
auditor in respect of audit and non-audit services during, the.-
year Is set out in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.

The Committee takes into account a number of areas when
reviewing the external auditor appointment, including the,
auditor's performance in discharging the audit, the scope of the
audit and terms of engagement, independence and objectiveness.

KPMG LLP was first appointed as the Group's external auditor
In 2015. Mark Flanagan was appointed lead audit partner for

the 2015 audit and, in line with the policy on lead partner rotation,
was rotated off and replaced by Craig Parkin following cornpletion
of the FY 19 audit.

The Board is satisfied that the external auditor remains
independent in the discharge of its audit responsibilities.

The Committee also reviews the external auditor's management
letter and detailed presentations are made to the Committee
by the auditor at least twice a year. There is an active ongoing
discussion between the Committee and the auditor on any
recommendations to improve the efficiency of the audit process.

Having reviewed the auditor's independence and performance,
the Committee has recommended to the Board that a resolution
to reappoint KPMG LLP as the Company's auditor be proposed
at the forthcoming AGM.

Audit Process

The external auditor prepares an audit plan for its review of the
full-year financial statements, and the audit plan is reviewed
and agreed in advance by the Committee. Before the approval
of the financial statements, the external auditor presents its
findings to the Committee, highlighting areas of significant
financial judgement for discussion.



===== page 95 =====
93

‘Annual Report 2020

Significant Areas of Judgement and Estirnation Considered in Relation

to the Financial Statements

The Directors have made one judgement and several estimations, in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies
that are considered to have a significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements for the period ending
31 March 2020. Significant areas of estimation are identified by the.finance team and the external audit process and then
reviewed by the Committee. These judgements and estimates are set out below: 7

Share-based payments

Significant estimates are required by IFRS 2 associated with.
share-based payments expense including the assessment of
the fair value of share options at the date of grant and the
probability that share options will vest in the future.

The fair value of share options assumed at each date of
rant was reviewed externally by professional advisers.

Thie probability that share options will vest is assessed at
every reporting date for historic attrition, time to vest and
known performance. These assumptions have been
reviewed internally and discussed with the Committee.

Acquisition accounting

‘The Axxsys and Obsidian acquisitions contain estimation, '
uncertainty; associated with acquired intangible assets and the’
fair value of contingent consideration, which are linked to the
future performance of those businesses. The contingent and
non-contingent considerations related to the acquisitions are
also part linked to the ongoing employment of certain of the *
management vendors, which has been assumed. - Pe

The valuation of acquired identifiable intangible assets
was formally reviewed and assessed externally by
professional advisers.

The fair value of contingent earn-out consideration is based on
management's best estimate of potential future cash flows.
These assumptions have been discussed with the Committee.

Coronavirus (COVID-19)

‘The management team has considered the potential impacts
that relate to the COVID-19 pandemic and considered their
effects on the financial statements. The unprecedented
nature of COVID-19 increases the potential uncertainty in'the
wider economic outlook.

Reasonable assumptions have been made when assessing
going céncern, impairment of non-financial assets and
expected credit losses on financial assets and acquisition
earn-outs. Estimates have been made to reflect the possible
léngth and extent of social distancing restrictions, the
resulting general business environment and its potential
impact on Group trading. These assumptions have been

Internal Audit

The Committee has considered the need for an internal audit
function during the year and continues to be of the view that,’
given the size and nature of the Group’s operations and finance
team, there is no current requirement to establish a separate -
internal audit function. ‘

Penny Judd
Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee
24 June 2020

discussed internally.



===== page 96 =====
94 Bo. ‘
‘Annual Report 2020 .

Carporate Governance |)
Committee Report

The Remuneration Committee makes recommendations
on matters relating to performance, remuneration and
terms of service for the Board and senior management

of the Group.

On behalf of the Board, | am pleased to present the Remuneration

Committee's report for the year ended 31 March 2020. Q

Committee Attendance

Eligible to attend

Committee member Attendance
Nick Kent (Chair) 4 4
Ken Fry 4 4

Penny Judd 4 4

Committee Governance

The Committee is chaired by Nick Kent and comprises Solely*
Non-Executive Directors. Its other members are Ken Fry and
Penny Judd. vill May will join the Committee on her appointment
on 1 July 2020, :
The Remuneration Committee meets as and when necessary,
but at least twice a year. The Remuneration Committee met} four
times during FY 20.

Key Responsibilities

The Remuneration Committee formulates and recommends

_ 7 ‘to the Board the remuneration policies for Executive Directors,
the Chairman of the Board and seni

management of the
Group. The.objective of these policies is to:

_® Attract, retain and motivate employees of the quality

required to run the Group successfully;
* Promote the long-term success of the Group; and
Ensure that the performance-related elements of
+ remuneration form a significant, yet appropriate proportion
‘of.the total remuneration package and are transparent,
.. Stretching and rigorously applied.

The Committee is also responsible for reviewing all
performance-related pay and share incentive schemes in use
by the Group. The purpose of these reviews is to ensure:

© The appropriateness of the targets and level of rewards
set; and

°, That the dilution of equity arising from such schemes does

““not exceed the plans defined at the point of the Group's

_ admission to AIM.

Note 21 séts out further details of the share-based payment
schemes of the Group.


===== page 97 =====
uu 95

Annual Report 2020

Activities during the Year oe

During the course of the year, the main activities of the.
Committee were:

Reviewing the performance of the Executive Directors;

.

Chairman and senior management of the Group, taking. into’ “:

account the achievement of FY 20 performance targets and

associated share awards, as well as the FY 21 performance’

targets, potential share awards and salary increases;

Remuneration Policy : ,

* Assessing the effectiveness and application of the
remuneration policy in light of the overall performance of
the business in FY 20 and future growth plans;

++ @ Reviewing the-QCA Remuneration Committee Guide for

‘Small and Mid-Sized Quoted Companies, together with

* other regulations’ guidelines, to ensure that the Company
Provides Clear and transparent remuneration information to
shareholders, and continues to adopt good corporate
__.,governance practice; and
;, Reviewing and approving short-term remuneration changes
esponsé to the COVID-19 pandemic.

The key elements of remuneration of the Executive Directors and Senior thanagement ‘of the Group are:

Base Salary

Base salary is reviewed annually and takes account of the responsibilities, experience and
performance of the individual.

Pensions and Benefits
ancillary benefits.

Contribution to a defined contribution pension scheme, maternity/paternity pay and other

Share Incentives
which selected individuals are

Performance criteria that align

- criteria are described below. °

As part of its AIM admission, the Group put in place a management incentive plan under

awarded share options at nil ar Aaminal value, but with
their interests with those of shareholders. The performance

The Committee considers that the remuneration policy put in place’ ‘at the ‘time of AM admission, together with the targets and
awards as updated each year, has been appropriate and sticcessful in achieving its, Objectives, while also acting as an effective
retention mechanism. The Committee currently intends to apply the policy. going forward, modifying it over time to reflect the

needs of the Group as it develops.

Performance Criteria

The normal criteria for the award of share incentives to the -°
Executive Directors and senior management of the Group are -
four-fold, depending on the individual and their role:

* The Group achieving adjusted EPS growth of 15% or more
to trigger a maximum award, or 10% to trigger a 66% award,
with a linear application of awards between these levels

* The Group achieving a total shareholder return (“TSR”) over

three years in excess of the mean TSR delivered by a peer

group of comparable companies 4

Personal adherence to corporate values and risk policy

Specific business unit EBITDA, or other personal targets: '

and goals.

.

The Committee believes that the substantial equity awards
available under the management incentive plan, up to a maximum
of 10% dilution of the issued share capital over three years,
are an important element of remuneration and motivate

the Group's senior management to drive the business forward
and deliver the planned growth over the long term. The
Committee considers that the performance criteria selected
relate closely to the Group’s key performance indicators.

Performance for the Year

The'performance of the Group since AIM admission, and

over the course of FY 20, as described in the Chairman's,

the Global Chief Executive Officer's and the Chief Financial

Officer's reports on pp 4-6, 7-11 and 110-14 respectively, has
- beén pleasing. The Group has met or exceeded both Company
projectiéns and market expectations; in particular, exceeding
the 15% ‘adjusted EPS growth target.

Consequently, the Executive Directors’ and the majority of the
« senior management's bonus and share incentive performance
. Criteria have been met for FY 20.



===== page 98 =====
7)

Annual Report 2020 :

Corporate Governance.

Remuneration Committee Report continued

Changes to Remuneration in Response
to COVID-19

After the year end, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic,
from 1 April 2020 all the Executive and Non-Executive Board
Directors, along with the senior leadership team of the Group,
volunteered to take a temporary 40 per cent reduction in.,
salary and fees for six months. Additionally, all the Group's
employees at director level agreed to take a temporary 20 per
cent reduction in salary for the same six-month period. The
Committee will keep this under review.

The Committee has also taken advice on and considered
carefully the performance criteria that should be applied to
the option awards granted in respect of FY 21 performance.
The Committee believes that, in this exceptional and uncertain
period, it is imperative to ensure that the senior management of
the group is highly motivated and focussed on the long-term
success and growth of the business. The Committée has '

Summary of Directors’ Remuneration

therefore authorised the issue of the normal quantum of share
options but with more flexible performance criteria allowing
management to respond to the impact of COVID-19 as it evolves.
The Committee believes that this is in the long-term interests
of the Company and its shareholders.

The Committee will continue to monitor the impact of COVID-19
and consider further remuneration changes as required.

Non-Executive Directors’ Fees

The Chairman of the Board and the two Non-Executive
Directors receive an annual fee for their services, which is
reflective of their level of experience, knowledge, responsibility
and expected time commitment.

The fees payable to the Non-Executive Directors are reviewed
and benchmarked annually.

The table has been audited and below represents the Directors’ remuneration for the years ended 31 March 2020 and 31 March 2019:

Salary Bonus Benefits Pension FY 20
£'000s £0005 £10008 £0005 £0008

Euan Fraser ‘ 566 - - 7 583
John Paton boa, 240 - - 6 246
Ken Fry ae: 65 - - - 65
Penny Judd -, 50 - - - 50
Nick Kent 50 - - 2 62
Total 971 - = 25 996
ne Salary Bonus Benefits Pension FY 19

£0008 £70005 £0005 £'000s £0008

Euan Fraser 530 . - - 5. 535
John Paton 195 50 - 2 247
Ken Fry on 6 - - - 65
Penny Judd : 50 - - - 50
Nick Kent ot 50 = - 1 51
Total “ 890 50 - 8 948



===== page 99 =====
7

Annual Report 2020

Equity Interests and Awards of Equity.’ :

The following table sets out the Directors’ share interests and awards during FY 20:

‘Number of 0.075p Number ofUn-vested’ Number of Share Options ‘Share Price of

Ordinary Shares Held Share Options Held * Awarded In FY 20 FY 20Grant

Euan Fraser 1,356,081 536,343 286,343 2.27

John Paton 37,639 +. 3) 443/238" 88,105 2.27

Ken Fry 184,070 : - -

Penny Judd i Seo, - -

Nick Kent 995,520 ve - -
Total 2,573,310 678,581 374,448

ty

No share awards made to Directors have vested or were exercised during the current or prior years.

Directors’ Service Agreements

‘The.Executive Directors entered into service agreements with ‘ -
‘

the Company on the following dates: an

Date of .
Director Service Agreement, Term ‘Notice period .
Euan Fraser 5 October 2017 Indefinite 6 months’
John Paton 28 February 2018 —_ Indefinite

6 months

: 2
The Non-Executive Directors do not have service agreements;
however, their letters of appointment provide that their tenure
of office has an initial period of three years, and will continue *
until terminated by the Non-Executive Director or the Company
on giving to the other three months’ prior written notice. Each
Non-Executive Director is typically expected to serve for two ;
three-year terms, but may be invited by the Board to service :

for an additional period.

Director Date of Office Initial Period Notice period
Ken Fry 5 October 2017 Syears . 3 months
Penny Judd 28 February 2018 Syears °3 months.
Nick Kent 5 October 2017 3years . 3months, *

Policy. for the Remuneration of Employees
‘The Board recognises the vital importance of attracting and
the highest calibre of consultants, and strongly supports
the management's remuneration policy for employees. Below
the senior leadership team, all employees receive a fixed salary
that is:competitive with the market; a profit share scheme that
is a‘team-based cash bonus based upon achieving financial
targets; and a progressive benefits package. The Board believes
that this structure provides a compelling remuneration package
that reinforces teamwork, aligns the employees with the Group's
objectives and helps to promote a feeling of ownership among
all employees.

Note 21 sets out further details of the employee incentive pian.

Nick Kent
Chair of the Remuneration Committee
24 June 2020



===== page 100 =====
98

Annual Report 2020

Corporate Governance.

Directors’ Report

The Directors present their Annual Report and the
audited consolidated financial statements of Alpha
Financial Markets Consulting plc (the “Company”,
the “Group”), for the year ended 31 March 2020.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc is incorporated in : The Directors believe that the requisite components of this
England and Wales with registered number 09965297. The report are set out elsewhere in the Annual Report and/or on
Company's registered office is 60 Gresham Street, London,-, the Company's website, investors.alphafmc.com. The table

EC2V 7BB. The Company is a public limited company and is ‘sets out where the necessary disclosures can be found.
listed on the AIM of the London Stock Exchange. :

Principal Activities Alpha Financial Markets Consulting pic is the holding company for a global group of companies,
the principal activity of which is the provision of consulting and related services to clients in
the asset and wealth management industry.

A review of the perfoririance and future development of the Group’s business is contained in
the Chairman’s, the Global Chief Executive Officer’s and the Chief Financial Officer's
Reports on pp 4-6, 7-14 and 110-44 respectively.

Results The financial results for thé year.ended 31 March 2020 are set out in the Chief Financial Officer's
Report on pp 110-14, in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income on p. 115
and further commented upon in the:Global Chief Executive Officer's Report on pp 7-11.

The Directors consider ’the current state of affairs of the Group to be satisfactory.

Dividends Information regarding dividend payments can be found in the notes to the consolidated
financial statements on p. 140. ;

Articles of Association Any amendments to the Company's Articles of Association may be made by special resolution
of the shareholders. A copy of the full Articles of Association is available upon written
request from the Company Secretary.

Directors Directors that have served during the year and summaries of the current Directors’ key skills
and experience are set out ‘in the Corporate Governance Report on pp 72-73.

Directors’ Interests Details of the Directors’ benéficial interests are set out in the Remuneration Report on pp 96-97.

Directors’ Liability The Group purchases, and maintains Directors’ and Officers’ liability insurance for the benefit of

Insurance its Directors, Which wag in place thoughout thé year and remains in place at the date of this report.

Qualifying Third- The Company may iidemnify a:Director against all losses and liability that they may sustain in

Party Indemnities the execution of the duties of their office, except to the extent that such an indemnity is not

permitted by sections 292 or 234’ of the Companies Act. Subject to section 205(2) to (4) of the
Companies Act, the Company may provide a Director with funds to meet his expenditure in
defending any civil or criminal proceedings brought or threatened against him or her in relation
to the Company. The Company may also provide a Director with funds to meet expenditure
incurred in connection with proceedings brought by a regulatory authority.



===== page 101 =====
99

Annual Report 2020

Political Donations

The Company made.no political donations during the year to 31 March 2020.

Greenhouse Gas
Emissions

Details regarding greenhouse gas emissions can be found in the “environment” section of
the Role in Society report on pp 68-69. +

Stakeholder
Engagement and
Key Decisions

Details of the key decisions and discussions of the Board during the year and the main
stakeholder inputs into'those decisions are set out in the Section 172 statement of the
Strategic Report on p. 37.

Share Capital

Details of the issued share'capital, together with movements in the Company's issued share
capital during the year, are shown in the consolidated statement of changes in equity and
note 20 to the consolidated financial statements.

The Company has only'orié class of ordinary share, which carries no right to fixed Income
and each ordinary share is ‘entitled to one vote at general meetings of the Company.

Major Interests
in Shares

In accordance with the Financial Conduct Authority's Disclosure and Transparency Rules,
following the above, the Company has 103,607,638 Ordinary Shares in issue, of which none
are held in treasury. The total number of voting rights in the Company is 100,938,209.

_ As at 31 March 2020, the Company had been notified, in accordance with chapter five of the

Disclosure and Transparency Rules, or was otherwise aware, of the following significant
interests in the issued ordinary share capital of the Company:

Name of person(s) Percentage of voting rights
subject of notification and issued share capital
Janus Henderson Investors a 7.70
Fidelity Intemational 7.31

M&G Investment Management 6.98

Allianz Global Investors 6.70
Aberdeen Standard Investments; 5.19
Nordea Asset Management 3. 4.89
Danske Capital Leo ae 3.73
Legal & General Investment Management’ 3.66
Jupiter Asset Management’ Batu 3.47
Gresham Housé Asset Management ; 3.39
‘Schroder Investment Management 3.22

Financial Risk
Management

The Group has established internal control and risk management structures in relation to the
process for preparing the consolidated financial statements. The key features of this
framework are described in the Strategic Report and in notes 22 and 23 of the notes to the
consolidated financial statements.

Going Concern

The Directors have considered the going concern status of the Company and are satisfied
that the Compariy remains a going concern. Details of the going concern basis are set out in
note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. Further commentary can be found
in the Chief Financial Officer's Report on p. 114.

Disclosure of
Information
to Auditor

In the case of each of the persons who are Directors of the Company at the date when this

report was approved: .

* So far as each of the Directors is aware, there is no information relevant to the audit of
which the Company's auditors are unaware; and

* Each of the Directors have taken all'the steps that he or she ought to have taken as a
Director to make him or herself ‘aware ‘of any information relevant to the audit and to
establish that the Company's auditors are aware of that information.

7 T



===== page 102 =====
100 : -
Annual Report 2020 ‘ :

Corporate Governance © ''.

Directors’ Report continued:.

Auditor

The auditor, KPMG LLP, has indicated its willingness to continue in office and a resolution

seeking to reappoint KPMG LLP as the Group's auditor will be proposed at the AGM.

Post Balance
Sheet Events

Post balance sheet events are disclosed in note 25 on p. 156 and include the renewal of the
Group’s bank facilities. The reports of the Global Chief Executive Officer and Chief

Financial Officer also update as to trading after the balance sheet date.

Annual General Meeting

Details of the forthcoming AGM cai be found on p. 87 of the Corporate Governance Report.

h

Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities
The Directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report,
and the Group and parent company financial statements in. -
accordance with applicable law and regulations.

Company law requires the Directors to prepare Group and -;
parent company financial statements for each financial year.
As necessitated by AIM Rules of the London Stock Exchange,
they are required to prepare the Group financial statements in.
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as
adopted by the EU (IFRSs as adopted by the EU) and applicable

law and have elected to prepare the parent company financial .

statements on the same basis.

Under company law, the Directors must not approve the financial *
statements unless they are satisfied that they give a trueand fair
view of the state of affairs of the Group and parent company and:
of their profit or loss for that period. In preparing each of the
Group and parent company financial statements, the Directors
are required to: .

Select suitable accounting policies and then apply them
consistently; i

* Make judgements and estimates that are @ feasoriable, 7
relevant and reliable;

State whether they have been prepared in accordance, with
IFRSs as adopted by the EU;
* Assess the Group and parent company’s ability to continue
as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters
related to going concern; and
Use the going concern basis of accounting unless they
either intend to liquidate the Group or the parent company
or to cease operations, or have no realistic.alternativé’but’
to do so.

The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting
records that are sufficient to show and explain the parent
company's transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy
at any time the financial position of the parent company and
enable them to ensure that its financial statements comply
with-the Companies Act 2006. They are responsible for such
internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the
preparation of financial statements that are free from materia!
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have general

* responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to

them to safeguard the assets of the Group and to prevent and
detect fraud and other irregularities.

-'Under applicable law and regulations, the Directors are also
“responsible for preparing a Strategic Report and a Report of the
“Directors that comply with that law and those regulations.

The Directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity
of the corporate and financial information included on the
company's website. Legislation in the UK governing the
preparation and dissemination of financial statements may
differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.

‘The Directors’ Report was approved by the Board of Directors
on 24 June 2020.

By order of the Board.
John Paton

Chief Financial Officer
24 June 2020



===== page 103 =====
1p1

Annual Report 2020

ee

“Alpha has offered me a challenging
and invigorating start to my career
and a working environment that
champions support, fun and
achievement. I’m excited to bea.
part of the company's forward —
trajectory fromhere” |

Atpha employee


===== page 104 =====
102

‘Annual Report 2020 : i

Corporate Governance.

Independent Auditor's

Report.

1. Our opinion is unmodified

We have audited the financial statements of Aipha Financial
Markets Consulting plc (the “Company”) for the year ended

31 March 2020, which comprise the consolidated statément
of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of financial
position, consolidated statement of cash flows, consolidated
statement of changes in equity, Company statement of financial
position, Company statement of cash flows,:Company
statement of changes in equity, and the related notes,
including the accounting policies in note 1.

In our opinion: :

* The financial statements give a true and fair view of the
state of the Group’s and of the parent company’s affairs
as at 31 March 2020 and of the Group's profit for the year
then ended;

* The Group financial statements have been properly,
prepared in accordance with International Financial
Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union
(IFRSs as adopted by the EU);

+ The parent company financial statements have been” ¥
properly prepared in accordance with IFRSs as adopted
by the EU and as applied in accordance with the provisions
of the Companies Act 2006; and

© The financial statements have been prepared in accotdance
with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion .
We conducted our audit in accordance with International
Standards on Auditing (UK) ("ISAs (UK)”) and applicable law.
Our responsibilities are described on p. 106. We have fulfilled
our ethical responsibilities under, and are independent of the
Group in accordance with, UK ethical requirements including
the FRC Ethical Standard as applied to listed entities. We believe.
that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and -.
appropriate basis for our opinion. yO

‘Group financial

** Recurring risks

fOverview

Materiali £0.65m (2019: £0.60m)

4.8% of Group profit before tax
adjusted for acquisition costs and
employment linked consideration
(2019: 4.8% of Group profit before tax)

93% (2019: 98%) of Group profit before tax
vs 2019
<->

statements as
a whole

Coverage

Key audit matters

Revenue recognition in the
appropriate period, recognition of
accrued income and existence of
trade receivables at the year end

Parent company: Recoverability <>
of investments in subsidiaries and

intercompany debtors

New Risks « Accuracy and valuation of

intangible assets acquired

Accounting for employment-
linked consideration on
acquisitions during the year

2. Key audit matters: our assessment
. of risks of material misstatement

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional
judgement, were of most significance in the audit of the financial
statements and include the most significant assessed risks of
material misstatement (whether or not due to fraud) identified by
us, including those that had the greatest effect on: the overall
audit strategy; the allocation of resources in the audit; and
directing the efforts of the engagement team. These matters
were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon,
and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

In arriving at our audit.opinion above, the key audit matters, In
decreasing order of audit significance, were as follows:



===== page 105 =====
my 103

Annual Report 2020

The risk

Inappropriate recognition of revenue
on contracts in progress at year, ent

response

Our procedures included:
* Tests of detail: we have performed tests of detail,

Revenue cut-off, recognition
of accrued income and

pede Pirie arena —_Forthe majority of contracts, bilig is which comprised:
beteiptiineln inigiees basis. Mieke 1. Selection of a sample of items included in trade
| ; a risk that revenue in the cut-off peri receivables at 31 March 2020 and vouching:

rade receivables £18.9m; risk that 9
Sore eieom might be incorrectly recorded such that amounts recorded to invoices; that hours
‘Accrued income £1.3m; it does not reflect hours worked or the. recorded on the invoice match timesheet
2019: £1.5m) services provided and in particular that records; and that contracts with the customer

_ accrued income and trade receivables, are in place for the work performed.

Refer to pp 124-27 recorded at the year end do rot exist. 2. Selection of a sample of items included in

{accounting policy), p. 131
{note 2) and p. 148 (note 15)
(financial disclosures).

accrued income at 31 March 2020 and vouching;
that amounts accrued agree to hours recorded
on timesheet records that have not been

invoiced; that contracts with the customer are in
: place for the work performed; and that amounts
*, : : “accrued have been invoiced post year end.

. 3. Challenging the recoverability of trade receivables
and accrued income as at 31 March 2020 by
reference to a sample of cash receipts after the
year end.

Forecast based valuation: Our procedures included:

1, Accounting analysis

- Challenging management's identification
of separately identifiable intangible assets
based on our knowledge of the acquired

* business and industry.

2. Methodology choice
Assessing, using our own valuation specialists, the

~ results of the valuation reports for the customer

related intangibles associated with Axxsys Limited,
by checking that the valuations were in accordance
with relevant accounting standards and acceptable
valuation practices.
Assessing the valuation reports for the intangible
assets associated with Obsidian Solutions
Limited by checking that the valuations were in
accordance with relevant accounting standards

"and acceptable valuation practices, and In line
with the work performed by the specialist on the
Axxsys acquisition.

3. Assessing transparency

a Assessing the appropriateness of the Group's

. disclosures in respect of the fair value

measurement of the acquired intangible assets.

Accuracy and valuation of

intangible assets acquired accounting for business combinations

involves significant judgement in relation
to the application of IFRS 3 to intangible:
assets acquired, given the estimation
techniques involve the forecasting of
future uncertain cash flows’and the'use
of appropriate discount rates.

The effect of these matters is that,

as part of our risk assessment,. , -

we determined that the valuation of - .
intangible assets has a high degree of“
estimation uncertainty, with a potential
range of reasonable outcomes greater
than our materiality for the financial }
‘statements as a whole. «

Management has used an external ,
expert to assist in the calculation of the
value of the identified, intangible assets. °

(Acquired intangible
assets: £7.4m)

Refer to p. 93 (Audit
Committee Report), p. 123
(accounting policy) and p. 141
(note 12)

(financial disclosures).

Subjective judgement in the | | :
assessment of consideration ‘”
linked to future employment: .

Some of the consideration that is either
deferred or contingent uporifuture ”
performance is linked to.the continuing’
employment of certain of the sellers.
Assessing how much of the deferred, or
contingent consideration is linked to the
continuing employment of the sellers
requires an assessment ‘éf terms within
sale and purchase agreements which
can be complex. poe

Accounting for employment- Our procedures included:
linked consideration on

acquisitions during the year.

1. Accounting analysis
Reading the sale and purchase agreement and
assessing management's judgement around
: | which elements of consideration are linked to
. future employment.
+2. Assessing transparency
Assessing the appropriateness of the Group's
disclosures in the accounts for the consideration
agreed and the proportion of this that is linked to
” future employment.

(Contingent and deferred
consideration liability -
current: £3.7m)

(Contingent and deferred
consideration liability —
non-current: £6.9m)

Refer to p. 93 (Audit
Committee Report), p. 122
{accounting policy) and : :
p. 145 (financial disclosures). o ete



===== page 106 =====
104

Annual Report 2020

Corporate Governance’.

Independent Auditor's Report continued

Recoverability of investments
In subsidiaries and
intercompany debtors

Low risk, high value:

(£9.2m and £111.9m;
2019: £1.3m and £110.3m)

Refer to p. 161 (accounting
policy) and p. 163 (note 2) and
p. 165 (note 3)

(financial disclosures).

overall parent company audit.

The carrying amount of the parent
‘company’s investments in subsidiaries
and intercompany debtors represents
100% (2019: 100%) of the Company's
total assets. Their recoverability is not
at a high risk of significant misstatement
or subject to significant judgement:
However, due to their materiality in the
context of the parent company financial
‘statement, this is considered to be the
area that had the greatest'effect on dur

, Our response
Our procedures included:

» © Test of detail: Compared the carrying amount
of 100% of investments of the total investment
balance with the relevant subsidiaries’ draft
balance sheets to identify whether their net assets,
being an approximation of their minimum

, fecoverable amount, were in excess of their

carrying amount and assessing whether those
Subsidiaries have historically been profit- making.

* Assessing subsidiary audits: Considering the
results of our audit work on the profits and net
assets of those subsidiaries.

3. Our application of materiality and
an overview of the scope of our audit

Materiality for the Group financial statements as a whole was
set at £0.65m (2019: £0.60m), determined with reference'to.a.
benchmark of Group profit before tax adjusted for acquisition
costs and employment linked consideration of which it represents

4.8% (2019: 4.8% of Group profit before tax). BE

_ The remaining 17% (2019: 12%) of total Group revenue, 7%

. (2019: 2%) of Group profit before tax and 7% (2019: 4%) of

‘total Group assets is represented by 9 reporting components
(2019: 5 components), none of which individually represented
more than 5% of total Group revenue, total assets or Group
profit before tax. For these residual components, we performed
analysis at an aggregated Group level to re-examine our
assessment that there were no significant risks of material

Materiality for the parent company financial statements ‘as .
a whole was set at £0.28m (2019: £0.48m), determined with, ,
reference to a benchmark of Company gross assets of £121.6m
(2019: £111.7m), of which it represents 0.2% (2019: 0.4%).

We agreed to report to the Audit and Risk Committee al

corrected or uncorrected identified misstatements exegeding a

£0.03m (2019: £0.03m), in addition to other identified -
misstatements that warranted reporting on qualitative grounds.

Of the Group's 21 (2019: 15) reporting components, we
subjected 12 (2019: 10) to full scope audits for Group purposes.

The component materialities ranged from £400 to £0,52m
(2019: £400 to £0.45m), having regard to the mix of s ize and
risk profile of the Group across the components.

The components within the scope of our work accounted for.,
the percentages described on the right. ey

‘misstatement within these.

! Group profit. before tax
adjusted for'acquisition

-. 'osts and employment

‘linked consideration

n Group Materiality
£13.7m (2019: £12.5m)

£0.65m (2019: £0.6m)

£0.65m

‘Whole financial
statements materiality
(2019: £0.60m)

£0.52m

Range of materiality at
12 components.
(£400-£0.52m)

(2019: £400-£0.45m),

£0.03

Misstatements reported
to the audit and risk
‘committee

(2019; £0.03m)

'@ Group profit before tax
! @ Group materiality



===== page 107 =====
105

Annual Report 2020

Group Revenue

83%

(2019: 88%)

© Fullscope for Group
audit purposes 2020

4. We have nothing to report
on going concern

The Directors have prepared the financial statements on the
going concern basis as they do not intend to liquidate the
Company or the Group or to cease their operations, andas
they have concluded that the Company's and the Group's :
financial position means that this is realistic. They have also ‘*
concluded that there are no material uncertainties that could «
have cast significant doubt over their ability to continue as a
going concern for at least a year from the date of approval of ,
the financial statements (the “going concern period”).

1
Our responsibility is to conclude on the appropriateness of the,
Directors’ conclusions and, had there been a material uncertainty .
related to going concern, to make reference to that in this audit | at
report. However, as we cannot predict all future events or .
conditions and as subsequent events may result in outcomes *
that are inconsistent with judgements that were reasonable
at the time they were made, the absence of reference to a
material uncertainty in this Auditor’s Report is not a guarantee
that the Group or the Company will continue in operation.

In our evaluation of the Directors’ conclusions, we.considered
the Inherent risks to the Group's and Company's business *
model and analysed how the risk might affect the Group’s and
Company's financial resources or ability to continue operations
over the going concern period. The risk that we considered
most likely to adversely affect the Group's and Company's
available financial resources over this period was:

* The impact of COVID-19 on the Group’s short to medium
term order book.

@ Fullscdpe for Group
audit purposes’ 2019,
raat:

Group Total Assets

93%

(2019: 96%)

Residual components

{As this is a risk that could potentially cast significant doubt on
+ the Group's and the Company's ability to continue as a going

conce 1, we considered sensitivities over the level of available
financial resources indicated by the Group's financial forecasts

. taking account of reasonably possible (but not unrealistic)

adverse effects that could arise from the risk and evaluated the
achievability of the actions the Directors consider they would
take to improve the position should the risks materialise. We
also considered less predictable but realistic second order

, Impacts, such as the impact of Brexit and the erosion of

customer or supplier confidence, which could result in a rapid
reduction of available financial resources.

Based on this work, we are required to report to you if we have
conéluded that the use of the going concern basis of accounting
is inappropriate or there is an undisclosed material uncertainty
that, may cast significant doubt over the use of that basis for

a ‘period’ of at least’a year from the date of approval of the
financial Statements,

“We have nothing to report in these respects, and we did not

identify going concern as a key audit matter.

5. We @ have nothing to report on the other
- information in the Annual Report

The Directors are responsible for the other information presented
in the Annual Report together with the financial statements.
Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the
other information and, accordingly, we do not express an audit
opinion or, except as explicitly stated below, any form of

assurance conclusion thereon.

ee)
. Ourresponsibility is to read the other information and, in doing
"so, corisider whether, based on our financial statements audit

work, the information therein is materially misstated or

: inconsistent with the financial statements or our audit knowledge.

Based solely on. that work we have not identified material
misstatements in the other information.


===== page 108 =====
106

Annual Report 2020

Het

Strategic Report and Directors’ Report
Based solely on our work on the other information:

+ We have not identified material misstatements in the 7 .
Strategic Report and the Directors’ Report; ety
* In our opinion the information given in those reports for th
financial year is consistent with the financial statements; and. |
* In our opinion those reports have been prepared in. $4!
accordance with the Companies Act 2006.

6. We have nothing to report
matters on which we are required ‘O°
report by exception

Under the Companies Act 2006, we are required to report to

you If, In our opinion:

* Adequate accounting records have not been kept by the
Parent company, or returns adequate for our audit have
not been received from branches not visited by us; or

* The parent company financial statements are not in .
agreement with the accounting records and returns; or °,

* Certain disclosures of Directors’ remuneration specified:
by law are not made; or

* We have not received all the information and explanati ns
that we require for our audit.

We have nothing to report in these respects.

7. Respective responsibi

Directors’ responsibilities
As explained more fully in their statement set out on p. 100,
the Directors are responsible for: the preparation of the financial
statements including being satisfied that they give a true and
fair view; such internal control as they determine is necessary
to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error;
assessing the Group and parent company’s ability to continue
as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to
going concern; and using the going concern basis of accounting
unless they either intend to liquidate the Group or the parent
company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative
but to do so.

“Auditor's responsibilities
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to
{ssue our opinion in an auditor's report. Reasonable assurance
is a high level of assurance, but does not guarantee that an
audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always
detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements

* can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if,

individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected
“to influence'the economic decisions of users taken on the
basis of the'financial statements.
i >
"Afuller des¢ription of our responsibilities is provided on the
; FRC's website at www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities.

8. The purpose of our audit work and to
:whom we owe our responsibilities

This report is made solely to the Company's members, as a body,

in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act

2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might

state to the Company's members those matters we are required

to state to them in an auditor's report and for no other purpose.

To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or

, assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and
the Company's members, as a body, for our audit work, for

:.” this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

“Craig Parkin

(Senior Statutory Auditor)

ter and oni behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
, Chartered. Accountants

31 Park Row

Nottingham

NGt 6FQ

” 24 dine 2020



===== page 109 =====
107

} 7 Annual Report 2020
=

“We knew we needed help to achieve
our goals but had never engaged with
an external consulting firm before.
Acombination of commitment, _
hard work, innovative thinking -
and a pragmatic approach led to
a successful outcome.” ,

Chief Executive Officer, asset manager _


===== page 110 =====
Financial Statements

110

Chief Financial Officer's Report

115

Consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

116

Consolidated statement of financial position

117

Consolidated statement of cash flows

118

Consolidated statement of changes in equity

119

Notes to the consolidated financial statements

157

Company statement of financial position :

158

Company statement of cash flows

159

Company statement of changes in equity

160

Notes to the Company financial statements’

The power of
our people to
create value



===== page 111 =====


===== page 112 =====
110

Annual Report 2020

Financial Statements

Chief Financial
Officer's Report

Alpha delivered another strong year. The Group

grew revenue 17.0% and adjusted EPS 17.9%; whilst
continuing to internationalise, including strong North
American growth. Alpha also successfully acquired
Axxsys and Obsidian, maintained consistent margins,
healthy cash generation and.a strong year-end cash
balance, all while continuing.to invest in the business.

IFRS and Alternative
Performance Measures
(“APMs”)

Arange of results metrics are set out to
demonstrate Alpha’s performance. These
oo include standard generally accepted

accounting definitions and alternative

ri rea performance measures, which are included

‘ . : to allow further understanding of the

po. : underlying operating performance of the
Group across financial periods.

John Paton to The difference between standard and
Chief Financial Officer oe alternative performance measures arises from
24 June 2020 . Lod 4 the adjusting items, set out in note 4 of the

Notes to the consolidated financial statements.
The total cost of these adjusting items has
os re *_ increased in the year primarily due to certain

“We delivered a strong financial Axxsys and Obsidian acquisition-related costs,
sy which the Board considers to be non-operating
performance in FY 20, successfully : in nature. Note 4 sets out a description of
acquired two businesses and ended' these APMs and a full reconciliation to
: a relevant IFRS measures. The results are also
the year with a strong balance sheet. shown without the effect of the introduction

of new accounting standard IFRS 16 Leases,
as set out in note 7, to assist comparability

We are taking the right actions:to ;
prepare for a period of uncertainty’ between financial years.

'



===== page 113 =====
111
Annual Report 2020

FY207 20. FY 19 Change ve FY 19 Change va FY 10 '
IFRS 16! ASA7" + 1AS 17, IFRS 16 IAS 17,
Revenue £90.0m- + . £77.7m 17.0% 17.0%
Net fee income £889! £76.0m 171% 171%
Gross profit ~ £34.4m £29.1m 18.3% 18.3%
Operating profit * $10.4m £12.6m (17.1%) (17.6%)
Adjusted EBITDA £20.2m, : £16.5m 22.9% 17.8%
Adjusted EBITDA margin | 22.8% 21.8% 21.7% 11% 0.1%. .
Adjusted profit before tax 218.6). -£18.7m £16.2m 15.2% 15.5%,
Profit before tax £9.3m + £9.4m £12.5m (25.8%) (25.3%)!
Adjusted earnings per share 1421p" 14.26p 12.05p 179% 18.4%
Adjusted diluted earnings per share 13.62p 68p 11.77p 15.8% 16.2%
Basic earnings per share 6.11p 1 ,8:16p 9.05p (82.6%) (31.9%).

\
Group Results

| am pleased to report that Alpha has delivered another year of
further strong growth during a yeat of geopolitical uncertainty,

The Group has experienced almost no FY 20 effect’on tracing’
from the COVID-19 lockdowns and related social | distancing |
measures, given the swift transition to effective remote wero
by our clients and consultants and the timing of the Group’ 's
year end. Alpha has implemented a number of cost mitigations
in recent months to prepare for this more uncertain environment ‘
and continues to monitor developments closely for the year ahead,

Revenue”

The Group has delivered another strong year of progress,
growing revenue and net fee income 17.0% and 17.1%  : *
respectively on the previous year, delivered through both |
organic and Inorganic growth. Organic revenue*” growth
totalled 7.7% In the year.

Alpha North America delivered the strongest regional growth
with net fee income up 57.4%, almost entirely organically. The ,
North American business expanded its domestic client base in
the year, supporting a good range of client projects, including
several longer duration acquisition and integration, operations
transformation and systems implementation projects, which
lifted consultant team utilisation substantially from last year,

reaching Group target levels. The UK business, Alpha’s,
geography with the largest net fee income, grew i 4% overall,
benefitting from strong growth in Alpha Data Solutions ("ADS")
and the ‘additional Axxsys contribution’in the year, while good
client dm ind maintained close to target consultant utilisation a
levels! mitigating a’ weaker UK contracting environment. Alpha
Eviiope Asia delivered 11.7% regional growth, with a consistent
organic revenue performance across the region overall,

com lémented by the contribution from Axxsys Europe,
which grew well in the year with new client wins and'team
hieadcoiint expansion.— —- ae

Alpha continues to support clients in some of the largest,
most challenging and interesting projects across the industry.
Alpha’s revenue is driven by continuing strong demand in its
established, practices, including Investments, Distribution, M&A
Integration and Operations & Outsourcing, as well as progress
in newer practices, including strong growth in Regulatory
Compliance in the year. Alpha’s ETF & Indexing practice,
launched in March 2019 to further enhance Alpha's response to
the growing significance of index funds and exchange traded
‘derivatives, made strong progress in the year in multiple
geographies. Alpha’s Pensions & Retail Investments practice,
launched in September 2019, gained good traction by winning

a number of projects in H2 208, both with existing and new
+ cliént relationships. Alpha’s growth was supported by further

investment in the global consultant headcount, with the
number of consultants (including contractors) reaching 436

by this year end (March 2019: 362).

* FY 19 revenue is restated to reflect the presentation of revenue gross of rechergeablé expenses. Refer to note 1 of the financial statements for further

detall and note 2 for a reconciliation of revenue to net fee income

7” Organic revenue growth is an APM and represents FY 20 revenue leés £7.3m révenue a

during the year. Refer to note 4 for further detail of APMs
% H2 20 refers to the second half of the financial year ending 31 March 2020

ibutable to the Axxsys and Obsidian acquisitions completed



===== page 114 =====
112 ok

Annual Report 2020

Financial Statements

Chief Financial Officer's Report continued

Group Profitability

The Group also increased its profits. Gross profit rose 18.3% +
to £34.4m (FY 19: £29.1m), improving margin, as a percentage

of net fee income, to 38.7% (FY 19: 38.3%). This reflects a
combination of near target consultant utilisation levels, margin
benefit from improved consultancy mix, headcount growth,
and lower overall employee profit share accruals partially
offset by continued investment in the business, including 13
director appointments. North American margin improved with
strong growth lifting consultant utilisation through the year, UK
margin was relatively consistent and Europe & Asia'margin, ©
eased slightly, reflecting more mixed market conditions. *

Group administrative expenses, before the adjusting items
detailed in note 4 of the consolidated financial statements,
increased to £15.0m (FY 19: £12.6m) on a comparable basis.
Adjusted administrative costs increased 18.9% overall,
including both the inorganic addition of Axxsys and Obsidian
costs since acquisition and on an organic basis, which was
principally from increased Group central management team
resource supporting the overall business growth globally, Bt
larger technology security and infrastructure improvem: nt
‘spend, and higher professional fees, together offsetting lower
consultant recruitment spend in the year. Including the
adjusting items, administrative expenses increased to £24.0m
(FY 19: £16.5m), reflecting the one-off acquisition, integration
and other costs related to the onboarding of Axxsys and .
Obsidian, as set out further in note 4.

Adjusted EBITDA grew 22.9% to £20.2m (FY 19: £16,5m). The

Group adopted the new accounting standard IFRS .16 Leases
for the first time in the year, as set out in note 7, on a modified
retrospective basis. On a comparable basis, as set out above
and in note 7, adjusted EBITDA grew 17.8%, in line with revenue
growth and margin was consistent at 21.8% ona comparable

increased to £8.4m (FY 19: £3.6m) due to the Axxsys and

Obsidian acquisition-related costs, including increased

employmeni-linked consideration in the year. The share-based

‘payment charge, including relevant social security costs,

‘increased in the current year reflecting new awards, time

elapsed and.updated current year valuation assumptions.

+ Further details are set out in notes 4 and 21. Similarly, profit
before tax reduced to £9.3m after charging these increased
adjusting item costs, increased depreciation and increased
” finance expenses.

‘Currency

“Currency translation had a minimal impact on both net fee
income and profits in FY 20, as a result of a flat average
sterling against key currencies. In the year, sterling averaged
$1.28 (FY 19: $1.31) and €1.15 (FY 19: €1.13). Currency
translation immaterially increased FY 20 net fee income by
£0.3m (0.4%). The statement of comprehensive income
reflects £1.3m currency gain on asset translation.

“Net Finance Expense

" Net finance costs increased in the year to £1.1m (FY 19: £0.1m),
representing the first full-year adoption of IFRS 16 Leases
and the annual unwinding of the discount applied to deferred
earn-out consideration due on recent acquisitions.
ice its admission to AIM, the Group has operated with a
net cash position.

. Taxation

Pre-tax profit, after non-operating items, was £9.3m (FY 19:

basis (FY 19: 21.7%). Reported margins improved further on. : * ' 212: 5m). The Group’s tax charge for the year was £3.1m

this basis. Adjusted profit before tax increased by 15. 2% to;
£18.6m (FY 19: £16.2m). This metric is comparable under the
new standard and also reflects the increased ADS capitalised
development amortisation charge in the year.

Group operating profit decreased by 17.1% to £10.4m:"* *
(FY 19: £12.6m) after charging all costs including the adjusting
items listed in note 4. These cost adjustments, which are ,,
detailed in note 4 of the consolidated financial statements,

(FY 19: £3.3m), reflecting the lower taxable profit, disallowable

! expense items and the blended tax rate of the jurisdictions in
which the Group operates. The Group's cash tax payment in
the year was £2.4m (FY 19: £2.0m).

For further taxation details, see notes 8 and 9 to the consolidated
financial statements. Adjusted profit after tax is shown after
adjustments for the applicable tax rates on adjusting items as
Set out in note 4,



===== page 115 =====
3

Annual Report 2020

Acquisition Activity

Complementary bolt-on acquisitions that enhance the product
and service proposition offered to Alpha’s clients are an
important part of the Group's strategy. The Group made two
acquisitions during the year, Axxsys and Obsidian, in June and
November 2019 respectively. Both businesses have performed
well since acquisition.

Axxsys has integrated into the Group well and grown sincé *
acquisition, particularly in further expanding the team to take:
advantage of opportunities across Europe. Since June, Axxsys
has contributed £7.1m revenue with margin improvement
through the year.

Since acquiring Obsidian in November within ADS, the combined ©

ADS Obsidian product has been successfully implemented for ~
an Alpha client, and the Obsidian technology integration work ©

to enhance Obsidian product security features and align
technology protocols with the ADS 360 SalesVista product set
has largely been completed. These one-off integration costs total
£0.5m to date, Obsidian has contributed £0.2m revenue since
acquisition and is well placed for further growth within ‘ADS.

Earnings per Share

Adjusted EPS improved 17.9% to 14.21p per share (FY 19:
12.05p) and, after including the adjusting expense items, the >
basic EPS is 6.11p per share (FY 19: 9.05p). Adjusted diluted
EPS Increased 15.8% to 13.62p (FY 19: 11.77p). At the year
end, 6,490,661 share options remained outstanding and no
share options vested in the year.

Cash Flow and Net Funds a

The Group enjoyed strong cash generation with net cash
generated from operating activities rising to £18.2m (FY 19:
£16.4m) and after adjusting for employment-linked acquisition
payments to £19.9m (FY 19: £16.4m). This represents a 106%
adjusted cash conversion rate from adjusted operating profit,
improving on FY 19's 101% adjusted cash conversion rate,
through working capital focus and internal process rigour
around timely debtor collection.

The Group's income tax paid totalled £2.4m (FY 19: £2.0m).

‘A total of-£7.3m acquisition payments were paid in the year, net
of cash acquired, in relation to both the Axxsys and Obsidian
initial Consideration payments plus acquisition related costs.
The increase i in capital expenditure in the year reflects the now
completed 360 SalesVista investment programme, designed
to enhance product data security, improve implementation

._ simplicity and add product functionality,

Net interest paid was £0.1m (FY 19: £0.1m), reflecting the cost
of maintaining the Group's revolving credit facility ("RCF") less
the benefit of holding net cash balances through the year. At

the year end, the Group's cash position had improved to £21.0m
net cash or £26.0m total (FY 19: £18.6m), having drawn Alpha’s

: 6m revolving credit facility in full shortly before year end to

maximise liquidity, in anticipation of a COVID-19 effect.

Atter the year end, the Group further improved its available
luidity by renewing and extending its committed RCF with
Lloyds Banking Group into a £20m committed facility expiring
in June 2023 with an improvement to terms, The two RCF
covenants are a 2x maximum net debt to adjusted EBITDA
ratio and a 4x interest cover covenant. This facility, alongside
cash balances, ensures Group funding flexibility. Further
details are set out in note 25.

Statement of Financial Position

The principal changes to the Group's statement of financial
position relate to acquisition activity and the adoption of

IFRS 16 during the year. The increase in the Group's total
non-current assets is principally driven by a combination of
acquisition intangibles, the addition of lease right of use assets
under IFRS 16 and the investment in the ADS software product.

Increases in.trade receivables and payables represent the

enlarged group. Acquisition related deferred consideration and
€arn<cut payments increased both current and non-current
liabilities as at 31 March 2020, as set out in note 13. Deferred
tax liabilities arise on timing differences and increased in the
year mainly due to acquisition related timing differences, as
set out in note 9.

The year-end net cash balance improved after acquisition
; Payments, investment in the business and payment of
' dividends to shareholders in the year.


===== page 116 =====
114

Annual Report 2020

Financial Statements.

The current COVID-19 situation is a significant event that
brings an unprecedented level of uncertainty to the business
The Board is not recommending a final dividend this year . f environment and a shifting business development landscape.
(FY 19: 4.09p), given the exceptional COVID- 19 circumstances * ‘Alpha’ took early decisive action in response to the pandemic,
and the subsequent business uncertainty. Alongside thé ‘other gle ementing protective measures in March to reduce costs
cost mitigants and deferrals, Alpha seeks to best maintain’ its’! "an maintain liquidity. These measures included 40 per cent
strong balance sheet to maximise flexibility. Therefore; thie | ©
FY 20 interim dividend of 2.10p per share is the total ai i
for the year (FY 19: 6.00p).

Dividends

a
ttae

Strategic hires, freezing annual salary increases globally
a 1 * and deferring the annual profit share payments for FY 20

. to-employees until later in FY 21. In April, the remainder of

: global director team agreed to a voluntary 20 per cent

ot , ternporary salary reduction and, in June, staff furlough plans
Total shareholders’ funds increased to £91.4m (March 2019: have been cautiously introduced in the UK and France.
£89,1m). The changes in equity reserves reflect the’ retained a

profit after tax for the year, currency movements on overseas FY. 21:trading has begun well and the Group continues to see
asset and goodwill values, the addition of further, share-based portunities, new client wins as well as extensions to existing
payment reserves and the payment of dividends. As at 31 March * projects; However, while the trading environment remains
2020, the Company had 103,607,638 ordinary shares.in issue,‘:_ ‘uncertain, Alpha will continue to monitor the COVID-19

of which no shares were held in treasury and 2,669,429’shares ". situation closely; and will act sensitively and appropriately in
were held in the Company's employee benefit trust any a * managing the Group through uncertain times in the interests
satisfaction of future option vesting. _ Of all stakeholders.

Total Shareholders’ Funds

Hie Board fas considered alll of the above factors in its

eview of going concern and has been able to conclude the
review positively. While cognizant of potential macro-economic
The Group's risk management approach includes regular Jrisks and the competitive environment, the Group's people,
monitoring of macro-economic and end-market conditi :, investment in product and service offerings and increasing
and assessing the potential impacts across all business ‘areas.’ ’: international footprint help position Alpha for the year ahead.
In the risk management framework, which has been reviewed * Alpha has delivered another year of strategic acquisitions,
during the year, the executive team, including me as Chief: - strong growth and cash generation in FY 20. While COVID-19.
Financial Officer and the Global Chief Executive Officer, has’. means that uncertainty exists over how the coming year will
primary responsibility for keeping abreast of developments: !-Unfold, we start FY 21 well positioned.

that may affect the implementation of the Group's strategy and 5

financial performance. This entails identifying the appropriate By
mitigating actions that should be taken and ensuring, as far as
possible, that those actions are then executed by. the’seni
management team. The Board as a whole oversees risk and‘
within that framework, considers the material risks that the,
Group faces and agrees on the principal risks and uncertain
Alpha has a set of core company values, which are embedded
globally, that reflect the Group's ethical and responsible: ne
approach to operating and managing the business.

Risk Management and the Year Ahea

ae



===== page 117 =====
us

. Annual Report 2020
. :
Consolidated statement
of comprehensive income
For the year ended 31 March 2020
Restated®
Yearended Year ended
31 March 2020 31 March 2019
Note £000 £7000
Continuing operations :
Revenue 2 90,901 77,661
Rechargeable expenses 3 . . whi, 2 (1,977) (1,701)
Net fee income 2 88,924 75,960
Cost of sales (64,521) (46,878)
Gross profit 34,403 29,082
Administration expenses (23,977) (16,510)
Operating profit 3 10,426 412,572
Depreciation 7,14 1,022 263
Amortisation of capital development costs 12 428 -
Adjusting items 4 8,372 3,643
Adjusted EBITDA 4 20,248 16,478
Finance income 6 1 -
Finance expense 6 (1,133) (62)
Profit before tax - 9,294 12,520
Taxation : 8 127) 321)
Profit/(loss) for the year 6,167 9,199
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations | - 1,311 2,505
Total comprehensive income/{expense) for the year 7,478 11,704
Basic earnings per ordinary share (p) "1 6.11 9.05
a 5.85 8.84

Diluted earnings per ordinary share (p)

2 Prior year restatement relates to the alignment of the Group's revanue recognition policy to IFRS 15 8358, presenting revenue inclusive of expenses
recharged to clients. This restatement has no Impact on the Group's adjusted EBITDA, profit after tax or net asset positions as such rechargeable

‘expenses are recharged with nil mark-up. Please see note 1 for further details



===== page 118 =====
116

Annual Report 2020 coo

Consolidated statement
of financial position
As at 3l March 2020 -

Asat Asat
31 March2020 31 March 2019
Note 27000 £7000
” Assets
Non-current assets
Goodwill 12 64,553 55,162
Intangible fixed assets ren : a 12 25,774 20,768
Property, plant and equipment 14 530 414.
Right-of-use asset Ze - : 7 2,611 -
Total non-current assets 93,468 76,344
Current assets
Trade and other receivables . 15 21,212 19,680
Cash and cash equivalents : 16 25,996 18,581
Total current assets 47,208 38,261
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables 7 (25,929) (18,427)
Corporation tax . (4,150) (3,359)
Lease liabilities , 7 (791) -
Interest bearing loans and borrowings 19 (6,000) -
Total current liabilities (35,870) (21,786)
Net current assets 11,338 16,475
Non-current liabilities ree 7
Deferred tax provision Ty. 9 (4,438) 3,193)
Other non-current liabilities ve 18 (7,104) (486)
Lease liabilities . 7 (1,878) -
Total non-current liabilities . (13,420) (3,679)
Net assets 91,386 89,140
Equity is 5
Issued share capitat 20 78 76
‘Share premium 89,396 89,396
Capital redemption reserve - 1
Foreign exchange reserve , 3,406 2,095
Other reserves 1,652 737
Retained earnings (3,146) (3,165)
Total shareholders’ equity 91,386 89,140

The notes on pp 119-56 form part of these consolidated financial statements. These financial statements were approved and

authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 24 June 2020. They were signed on its behalf by:

L chk”.

Euan NB Fraser John C Paton
Global Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer


===== page 119 =====
7

Annual Report 2020
1
.

Consolidated statement
ofcash flows |.
For the year ended 31 March 2020

: Yearended Year ended

31 March 2020 31 March 2019

+ E £000 £7000
Cash flows from operating activities:
Operating profit for the year 10,426 12,572
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment ‘ 7,14 1,022 263
Loss on disposal of fixed assets " 6
Amortisation of intangible fixed assets - _ 12 3,804 2,586
Share-based payment charge . . 917 436
Acquisition related costs : - 61
Operating cash flows before movements in working capital 16,180 15,924
Working capital adjustments:
(Increase)/decrease in trade and other receivables . 30 1,562
Increase/(decrease) in trade and other payables ‘ 4,444 878
Tax paid ; te 2446) (1,996)
Net cash generated from operating activities 18,208 16,368
Cash flows from investing acti
Interest received : 1 -
Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of acquired cash ou : (7,339) (1,113)
Capitalised development costs ’ . (1,387) 7
Additions to property, plant and equipment (349) (728)
Net cash used in investing activities (9,074) (1,841)
Cash flows from financing activities: : a
Issue of ordinary share capital : () at
Repayment of borrowings - -
Drawdown of bank borrowings : : . 19 5,000 -
Interest paid re (47) (45)
Lease liability payments o 19 (835) -
Dividends paid . 10 (6,256) (6,687)
Net cash used in financing activities H (2,139) (,732)
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 7 6,995 8,795
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period " 18,581 9,774
Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash held : 420 12
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period a 25,996 18,581



===== page 120 =====
118

Annual Report 2020

Consolidated statement
of changes in ‘equity
For the year ended 31 March 2020

5 Capital Foreign
Share Share redemption exchange Other Retained
Capital premium reserve reserve reserves eamings Total
£7000 £000 £000 £000 £7000 £000 £000
As at 1 April 2018 7 “89,396 - (410) 267 (6,677) 82,653
Comprehensive income _
Profit for the period = = — i a 9,199 9,199
Foreign exchange differences on oo.
translation of foreign operations an -. - 2,505 - - 2,505
Transactions with owners
Shares cancelled (equity) (ty -7 0 4 7 - - -
Share-based payment reserves . -" a -. - 409 - 409
Consideration to be settled in equity i , - - - 61 - 61
Dividends - wo = - = 6,687) 6,687)
As at 31 March 2019 76 «89,396 4 2,095 737 (3,165) 89,140
Effect of changes in accounting standards == - - - 109 109
As at 1 April 2019 76 89,396 1: 2,095 737 (3,056) 89,249
Comprehensive income
Profit for the period - - - - 6,167 6,167
Foreign exchange differences on :
translation of foreign operations - hoes - 1,311 - - 1,311
Transactions with owners
Shares issued (equity) 2 - () - - (1) -
Share-based payment reserves - - al in 917 - 917
Deferred tax recognised in equity os - - 2) - 2
Dividends _ =. -3 - - (6,256) (6,256)
As at 31 March 2020 78 89,296 - 3,406 1,652 (3,146) 91,386
Share capital . Foreign exchange reserve
Share capital represents the nominal value of share The foreign exchange reserve represents exchange differences
capital subscribed. a that: arise ‘on consolidation from the translation of the financial
statements of foreign subsidiaries, including goodwill.

Share premium soe ve .
The share premium account is used to record the aggregate Other reserves
amount or value of premiums paid when the Company's shares "The other reserves represent the cumulative fair value of the
are issued at a premium, net of associated share issue costs. _ IFRS 2 share-based payment charge to be recognised each

year and equity-settled consideration reserves.
Capital redemption reserve a
The capital redemption reserve is a non-distributable reserve:; Retained earnings
Into which amounts are transferred following the redemption The retained earnings reserve represents cumulative net gains
or purchase of the Company's own shares. "and losses recognised in the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income.



===== page 121 =====
ng

Annual Report 2020

Notes to the consolidated
financial statements

1. Basis of preparation and sighificant accounting policies

General information .
The principal activity of the Group is the provision of consulting and related services to clients in the asset and wealth management
industry, principally in the UK, North America, Europe and Asia.’

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting pic is incorporated i in England and Wales with registered number 09965297. The Company Is a
Public limited company, is listed on the AIM of the Landon Stock Exchange and its registered Office is 60 Gresham Street, London,
EC2V 7BB.

The consolidated financial statements were authorised for issue in acco fance with a resolution of the Directors on 24 June 2020.

Basis of preparation ok
These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as
adopted by the European Union and interpretations issued by the IFRS Interpretations Committee.

These financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost basis, except for certain financial instruments that are
measured at fair value. ,
The presentational currency of these financial statements and the funétional currency of the Group is pounds sterling. All
amounts in these financial statements have been rounded to the nearest £1,000.
Going concern :
The Directors have, at the time of approving the financial statements, a reasoriable expectation that the Company and the Group
has adequate resources to continue in operation for the foreseeable futire.

aa uM

Impact of Coronavirus (COVID-19)

The Directors note that the World Health Organisation declared a a pandemic relating to COVID-19 on 11 March 2020, and social
distancing measures were introduced in key Alpha territories during March 2020, Therefore, the Directors have considered the
significance of the economic ramifications of the virus before the end of the Group's financial year and its potential effect on the
Group's financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2020. In particular, the Directors have assessed the impact of incorporating
additional COVID-19 risk factors in the discount rates and medium- and long-term growth rates used in impairment testing of
non-financial assets, as well as applying additional downside sensitivities in the going concern assessment over a period of

12 months after the signing of these financial statements.

Key assumptions considered by management when assessing going concern include adjusting managements best estimate of
forecasted performance for factors including the length and extent of current lockdown restrictions, the resulting general
business environment, the speed of recovery of trading after lockdown restrictions ease and utilisation of relevant government
‘support schemes. These have been estimated for their respective impacts ‘on the Group's revenues, fixed and variable costs
and resultant expected cash flow requirements. : 4

The Group's forecasts and projections, taking into account reasonable estimate of a possible downturn in trading performance
arising from the COVID-19 outbreak, show that the Group has sufficient financial resources, both from the Group's robust
balance sheet and its expected cash flow generation, sufficient for the goirig concern period. Accordingly, the Directors have
adopted the going concern basis in preparing these consolidated financial Statements. See note 22 for details of the additional
financial risks facing the Group.



===== page 122 =====
120

Annual Report 2020

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

1. Basis of preparation and significant accounting policies continued
Basis of consolidation
These financial statements consolidate the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiary undertakings as at 31 March 2020.

Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date of acquisition, being the date on which the Group obtains control, and continue
to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases. The financial statements of subsidiaries are prepared for the same
reporting period as the parent company, using consistent accounting policies.

All intra-group balances, income and expenses and unrealised gains and losses resulting from intra-group transactions are
eliminated in full.

Principal accounting policies
The principal accounting policies adopted in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set out below:

Significant judgements and estimates

The preparation of financial information in accordance With IFRS requires management to make judgements, estimates and
assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and
expenses.

The Directors have made one judgement, excluding those involving estimations, in the process of applying the Group's
accounting policies that are considered to have a significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements for the
period ending 31 March 2020. a oe
Employment-linked acquisition payments (note 13)

The contingent and non-contingent consideration related to the acquisitions made in the year are part-linked to the ongoing
employment of certain of the management vendors. The apportionment of these payments in the financial statements are based
on the interpretation of multiple complex clauses within the Share Purchase Agreement (“SPA”) of the relevant acquisition.

‘A number of estimates have been made in the preparation of the financial information. The assumptions underlying the Group’s
estimates are based on historical experience and various other factors that are deemed to be reasonable under the
circumstances. These assumptions form the basis of developing estimates of the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are
not apparent from other sources. Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to
estimates are recognised in the year in which the estimate is revised and any future years affected. Actual results can differ from
these estimates.

The Directors have identified the following areas as eye estates that are considered to have a significant risk of resulting in a
material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities within the next financial year.

Share-based payments (note 21)
Management have estimated the share-| based payments: expenigid urider IFRS 2. In determining the fair value of share-based
payments, management have considered several internal and external factors in judging the probability that management and
employee share incentives may vest, and in assessing the fair value’ of share options at the date of grant. Such assumptions
Involve estimating a number of future performance and other factors. The fair value calculations have been externally assessed
for reasonableness in the current and prior period. For further details please see note 21.

Business combinations - valuation and asset lives of separately identifiable intangible assets (note 12)

In determining the fair value of intangible assets arising in a business combination, management are required to make estimates
regarding the timing and amount of future cash flows applicable to the intangible assets being acquired, discounted using an
appropriate discount rate. Such estimates are based on current 'budgets and forecasts, extrapolated for an appropriate period
taking into account growth rates and expected changes to selling prices and operating costs. Management estimates the
appropriate discount rate using post-tax rates that reflect current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks
specific to the businesses being acquired. The Directors consider that the-assumptions used the best estimate of the intangible
asset values acquired, and an independent accountancy firm was used to assess and advise on these estimates.



===== page 123 =====
121

Annual Report 2020

Acquisition earn-outs (note 13)
The Obsidian and Axxsys earn-out expense calculations under IFRS 3 contain estimation uncertainty, as the earn-out potentially
payable in each case is linked to the future performance of the’acquiree. In order to determine the fair value of the earn-out at the
acquisition date management have assessed the potential futuré'cash flows of the Axxsys and Obsidian businesses respectively,
the likelihood of an earn-out payment being made, and discounted using an appropriate discount rate. These estimates are also
affected by the heightened uncertainty due to the current COVID-19 environment and potentially change as a result of related
events over the next several years. wee
Impairment of goodwill (note 12)

The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired on at least an annual basis. This requires an estimate of the value in use of
the CGUs to which the goodwill is allocated. To estimate the value in use,:the Group estimates the expected future cash flows
from the CGUs and discounts to their present value, Forecasting. expected éash flows and selecting appropriate discount rates
inherently requires estimation. A sensitivity analysis has bein’ pertérmed's A these estimates (refer to note 12). Although based on
the sensitivity analysis performed there is no impairment charge to goodwill, itis considered appropriate to disclose this as an area
of significant estimation due to the size of the balance, the heightened uncertainty due to the current COVID-19 environment, and
the fact that it could change as a result of future events over the next several years.

Coronavirus (COVID-19) :

For the purposes of considering going concern and non-financial asset impairment, management have applied a number of key
assumptions that relate to the ongoing outbreak of COVID-19 and thié associated market uncertainty in Alpha’s operational
territories. The key assumptions applied for these purposes relate to'the potential length of the ongoing lockdown periods and
subsequent environment as determined by government bodies globally, and the associated assumptions as to the potential
Impact of these factors on the Group's asset impairment and going concem considerations.

Management consider that the impact of uncertainty related to COVID-19 will be most apparent in the following areas of the
financial statements.
* Going concern: refer to the “going concern” section above for further detail onthe impact of COVID-19.
«Impairment of non-financial assets: further details on the impact of COVID-19 judgements on asset impairment is provided in
note 12.
Valuation of expected credit loss on financial assets: refer to note 15 for details of consideration given to the valuation of the
expected credit loss of receivables in light of the COVvID- 19° certain :
Acquisition earn-outs: refer to the “acquisition earn-outs” séction abéve for furttier detail.

:
Investments in subsidiaries . 7
Investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost less any provision for inggirmert,

Property, plant and equipment.
All property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost (or deemed historical cost) less accumulated depreciation. Cost
includes the original purchase price of the asset and the costs attributable to bringing the asset to its working condition for its
intended use.

Depreciation is provided on all property, plant and equipment at rates calculated to write each asset down to its estimated
residual value on a straight-line basis at the following annual rates:

Tangible fixed asset Useful economic life
Leasehold improvements 3-10 years
Fixtures and fittings 4 years
Computer equipment 3-5 years

Useful economic lives and estimated residual values are reviéwed annually and adjusted as appropriate.



===== page 124 =====
122

Annual Report 2020

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

1. Basis of preparation and significant accounting policies continued

Business combinations, goodwill and consideration

Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method as at the acquisition date, which is the date on which
control is transferred to the Group. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured
at their fair values at the acquisition date.

Goodwill arises when the fair value of the consideration for a business exceeds the fair value of the net assets acquired.

In determining the fair value of intangible assets arising on business combination, management are required to make
Judgements regarding the timing and amount of future cash flows applicable to the intangible assets being acquired, discounted
using an appropriate discount rate. Such judgements are based on current budgets and forecasts, extrapolated over an
appropriate period, taking into account growth rates and expected changes to selling prices and operating costs. Management
estimates an appropriate discount rate using pre-tax rates that reflect current market assessments of the time value of money
and the risks specific to the businesses being acquired (see note 12).

Goodwill is initially recognised and measured as set out above. Goddwill is not amortised but is reviewed for impairment at least
annually as described below.

Impairment reviews - goodwill

For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group's cash-generating units expected to benefit
from the synergies of the combination. Cash-generating units to ‘which goodwill has been allocated are tested for impairment
annually, or more frequently when there is an indication that fhe unit may be impaired.

'
The Group performs impairment reviews at the reporting. period end to identify any goodwill or intangible assets that have a
carrying value that is in excess of its recoverable amount. Determining the recoverability of goodwill and intangible assets
requires judgement in both the methodology applied and the key variables within that methodology. Where it is determined that
an asset is impaired, the carrying value of the asset will be reduced to its recoverable amount with the difference recorded as an
impairment charge in the income statement. .
In accordance with IAS 36, the Group has tested goodwill for impairment at the balance sheet date. No goodwill impairment was
deemed necessary at 31 March 2020. a

Impairment of investment in subsidiaries

The uncertainties described above in respect of the potential impaiiment of goodwill in the Group consolidated financial
statements also represent uncertainties regarding the carrying value of the investment in Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited in
the Company financial statements. As at 31 March 2020, the carrying value of this investment was £1.3 million.

Contingent and non-contingent deferred consideration on acquisition

Contingent and non-contingent deferred consideration may arise on acquisitions. Non-contingent deferred consideration may
arise when settlement of all or part of the cost of business combination falls due after the acquisition was completed.
Contingent deferred consideration may arise with consideration dependent on the future performance of the acquired company.

Deferred consideration associated with business combinations settled i in casii is assessed in line with agreed contractual terms.
Consideration payable is discounted for the time value, of money and recognised as capital investment cost when the deferred
‘or contingent consideration is not employment-linked, ‘Alternatively, consideration is recognised as remuneration expense over
the deferral or contingent performance period, where consideration payable is also contingent upon future employment.

In circumstances where the acquire has an option to fecéive consideration in the form of cash or a variable number of shares,
the Group has recognised a financial liability for the fair value of the discounted consideration. Where consideration is settled in
a fixed number of shares, the consideration is classified as equity, it is not re-measured, and settlement is accounted for within
equity. Otherwise, subsequent changes to the fair value of the deferred consideration are recognised in the statement of
comprehensive income. . .



===== page 125 =====
ree 123

Annual Report 2020

At each balance sheet date, consideration liabilities comprise the fair value of the remaining contingent or non-contingent
deferred consideration valued at acquisition. The contingent earn-out expense calculation for the acquisitions under IFRS 3
contain estimation uncertainty as they relate to future perforiné Mahagerient have assessed the potential future cash flows
of each business, the likelihood of an earn-out payment being made, and discounted using an appropriate discount rate (see
note 13).

Other intangible assets
Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are initially recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is
regarded as their cost). Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible: assets #8 acquired ir in a business combination are reported at
cost less accumulated amortisation and any impairment losses,

Intangible assets acquired as part of a business cot bination .
Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are identified and récognised separately from goodwill where they satisty
the definition of an intangible asset under IAS 38. Such assets are only récognised if either:

.

They are capable of being separated or divided from the company and sold, transferred, licenced, rented or exchanged,
either individually or together with a related contract, identifiable asset or liability, regardless of whether the company intends
to do so; or

They arise from contractual or other legal rights, regardless of whether those rights are transferable or separable from the
entity or from other rights and obligations.

The cost of such intangible assets is their fair value at the acquisition date: All intangible assets acquired through business
combination are amortised over their estimated useful lives. The'significant intangibles recognised by the Group, their useful
economic lives and the methods used to determine the cost of the intangibles acquired in business combinations are as follows:

Intangible asset Useful economic life "1" 23 Valuation method

Customer relationships 11-17 years Multi-Reriod Excess Earnings method
Intellectual property 7 years \ Relief from. Royalty method
Trade name 10-15 years Relief from Royalty method
Order backlog 1-2 years

Relief from Royalty method

Internally developed intangible assets
Capitalised development costs represent the costs incurred in n the development enhancements to the 360 SalesVista software
within Alpha Data Solutions. i

Auseful economic life of 3 years has been deemed appropriaté based on the expected project lifecycle in development of new
Software. The amortisation charge is recognised in administrative expenses within the statement of comprehensive income.
Foreign exchange

‘Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the relevant entity's functional currency at the average foreign exchange rate
in the month of the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the balance
sheet date are retranslated to the functional currency at the foreign exchange rate ruling at that date. Non-monetary assets and
liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the average exchange rate in the
month of the date of the transaction. Foreign exchange differences. arising on translation to functional currency are recognised in
the consolidated statement of income.

The revenues and expenses of foreign operations are translated to the Grqup’s functional currency at the average foreign
exchange rate in the month of the date of the transactions: Thecassets‘and liabilities. of foreign operations, including goodwill
and fair value adjustments arising on consolidation, -are translated to the Group's presentational currency, pound sterling, at
foreign exchange rates ruling at the balance sheet date. Foreign exchange differences arising on retranslation of assets and
liabilities of foreign operations are recognised in other comprehensive. inéome.


===== page 126 =====
124

Annual Report 2020

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

1, Basis of preparation and significant accounting policies continued

Financial instruments : :

The Group uses financial instruments comprising cash and cash equivalents, preference shares, loan notes and other short-term
instruments, such as trade payables that arise from its operations. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to fund the
Group's business strategy and working capital requirements.

Accounting policies in respect of financial instruments are outlined below.

Financial assets

Financial assets are initially measured at fair value plus or minus; in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or
loss, transaction costs. The Group has not reclassified any financial assets subsequent to initial recognition as at the balance
sheet date. Reclassification of classes of financial assets is accounted for prospectively in accordance with IFRS 9, where this is
required. Any difference on reclassification from amortised cost to fair value through profit or loss is recognised in the profit and
loss at the reclassification date. 3

Financial assets are assessed at each reporting date to determine a lifetime expected credit loss that reflects the credit risk
associated with the portfolio of assets. A financial asset is impaired in line with the simplified approach under IFRS 9, which
uses a lifetime expected loss allowance.

An Impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured at amortised cost is calculated as the difference between its
carrying amount and the present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the asset's original effective interest
rate. For financial instruments measured at cost less impairment, impairment is calculated as the difference between its carrying
amount and the best estimate of the amount that the Group ‘would receive for the asset if it were to be sold at the reporting date.
Interest on the impairment asset continues to be recognised through the unwinding of the discount. Impairment losses are
recognised in profit or loss. When a subsequent event causes the amount of the impairment to decrease, the decrease in
impairment loss is reversed through statement of comprehen 2 income.

Refer to note 22 for the disclosure of financial assets measured at amortised cost.

Trade and other receivables . .

Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less provision for
impairment. A provision for impairment of trade receivables is established when there is objective evidence that the Group will
not be able to collect all amounts due according to the original tems of the receivables. The provision is recognised in the
Income statement as an operating charge. -

The trade receivables’ balances recorded in the Group's. statement of financial position comprise a relatively small number of
large balances and are held until realised in cash. :

Alpha provides services to customers on credit terms with mainly arrears billing. Certain receivables may not be paid. The Group
applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses, which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance for
all trade receivables. To measure expected credit losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on shared credit
characteristics and the days past due. The Group consider historical loss rates for each ageing category as a starting point for
estimating the expected credit loss. This historical loss rate is subsequently adjusted for macro-economic and customer-
specific factors of receivables within each ageing category. Characteristics considered by the Group for these purposes include
historical collection experience for each customer, the assessed, luidity of key customers within the receivables balance, and
other relevant macro-economic factors such as CoviD-f ‘Qand Brexit i in order. to determine a reasonable and supportable
assessment of the expected lifetime credit risk in the context of the. overall year-end trade receivables due,

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and call deposits and are recorded and subsequently measured at
amortised cost in line with IFRS 9. Bank overdrafts ‘that are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group’s cash
management are included as a component of cash and gash equivalents for the purpose only of the cash flow statement.



===== page 127 =====
: . ae 125

Annual Report 2020

Financial liabilities +
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss -
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities designated
upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss. Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are
acquired for the purpose of selling in the near term. This category includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the
Group that are not designated as hedging instruments i in hedge felationshibs as defined by IFRS 9. As at 31 March 2020, the
Group had no such financial liabilities. fi :

Refer to note 22 for the disclosure of financial liabilities measured at amortised cost.

" Trade and other payables
Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value and are subsequently measured at amortised cost. Trade payables
due within one year are not discounted.

Current and deferred income tax .

Taxation expense on the result for the period comprises current and deferred i income tax. Income tax is recognised in the
consolidated statement of comprehensive income, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in equity, in
which case it is recognised in equity.

Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income for the ‘period, using tax rates enacted or
‘substantively enacted at the balance sheet date, and any adjustment to tax’ payable in respect of previous periods.

Deferred tax is provided using the balance sheet liability method, providing for temporary differences between the carrying
amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. The amount of
deferred tax provided is based on the expected manner of fe: isation ¢ Gr Séttlement of the carrying amount of assets and
liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the balanci ‘si

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at éacti‘baldncé Sheet date-and reduced to the extent that it is no longer
probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to.allow all or part of thé asset to be recovered. Deferred tax assets and
llabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities, and when
they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority a and _ Group intends to settle its current tax assets and
liabilities on a net basis.

Leases .

Lease liabilities are recognised on the balance sheet at the present value of minimum lease payments. For further information
refer to the “new accounting standards and interpretations” section below on the accounting treatment for leases under IFRS 16
and note 7.

Comparative period numbers relating to leases were not restated’ and continue to be presented under IAS 17. FY 19 rentals paid
under operating leases are charged to the consolidated statement of comprehensive income on a straight-line basis over the
period of the lease. Benefits received and receivable as an incentive to sign an operating lease are recognised on a straight-line
basis over the period of the lease.

External borrowings !
All loans and borrowings are initially recognised at the fair vaiué of consideration received. Borrowings are subsequently stated
at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds and the ‘redemption value is recognised in the statement of profit and
loss over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest method.



===== page 128 =====
126

Annual Report 2020

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

1. Basis of preparation and significant accounting policies continued

Non-financial assets

The carrying amounts of the entity's non-financial assets, other than deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each reporting date to
determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the assets’ recoverable amount is
estimated. The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit is the greater of its value in use and its fair value, less
costs to sell. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax
discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. For the
purposes of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the smallest group of assets
that generates independent cash inflows (the “casti-generating unit”); that is, cash inflows from continuing use that are largely
independent of the cash inflows of other assets or groups of assets. The goodwill acquired in a business combination, for the
purpose of impairment testing, is allocated to cash-generating units. (“CGU") that are expected to benefit from the synergies of
the combination. For the purpose of goodwill impairment testing, if goodwill cannot be allocated to individual CGUs or groups of
CGUs on a non-arbitrary basis, the impairment of goodwill is determined using the recoverable amount of the acquired entity in
Its entirety or, if it has been integrated, then the entire group of entities into which it has been integrated. Goodwill is tested
annually for impairment in accordance with IFRS. .

An Impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable amount.
Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. Impairment losses recognised in respect of CGUs are allocated first to reduce
the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the units, and then to reduce the carrying amounts of other assets in the unit
(or group of units) on a pro-rata basis.

An impairment loss is reversed if and only if the reasons for the impairment have ceased to apply. An impairment loss
recognised for goodwill is not reversed. :

Impairment losses recognised in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indication that the loss has decreased
or no longer exists. An impairment loss is only reversed to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying
amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

Right-of-use assets relating to the Group's leasing a S are recognised on the balance sheet at an amount equal to the
lease liability on initial measurement, less any lease incent ives, Plus any initial direct costs. Right-of-use assets are depreciated
over the shorter of the asset's useful life and the lease term ‘on a Straight-line basis. For further information refer to the “new
accounting standards and interpretations” section below on the accounting treatment for leases under IFRS 16 and note 7.

Revenue recognition

Revenue consists of the value of work executed for clients during the year and expenses recharged, exclusive of VAT. Revenue
Is classified into net fee income and recharged expenses. Net fee i income represents the Group's personnel, subcontractor and
related expertise and services sold to clients. Recharged expenses is the recharge of costs incidental to fulfilling contracts
including flights, subsistence and accommodation on which nil or negligible margin is earned by the Group.

The Group delivers services that have no alternative use to Aipha (advice to clients, reports, etc) as the services are specifically
tailored to clients’ projects and scope of work. The significant majority of Alpha’ 's revenue is contracted on a time and materials
basis, where the performance obligation is to provide consultanéy resources at agreed day rates. In such contracts, revenue is
recognised over time, as the number of consultant days worked’are delivered. Modifications or extensions to such projects are
recognised as delivered. Significant extensions, where the:scope or price of the contract increases, are treated as separate contracts.
Contracts accounted for on a time and materials basis’ are billed incrementally, typically monthly, for incurred time and materials.

Revenue recognition for fixed fee projects is based on the actual service provided to the end of the reporting period as a proportion
of total services to be provided either over time or in liné:with internally or externally identified project milestones, depending on
the nature of the performance obligations for the project. Mat ial scope changes are managed via a new agreement with the client.
Fixed fee projects are typically billed in accordance with tiie nature of the performance obligations when a right to payment crystallises.

For milestone projects, revenue is recognised at a point int time upon delivery of each performance obligation, and these projects
are billed as contractual milestones are delivered and the right to payment exists.



===== page 129 =====
' 127

Annual Report 2020

Activity performance recognised as revenue in excess of invoices ‘raised are contract assets and are included within accrued income,
up to the value of the relevant project delivery milestone, where applicable. On invoicing, the contract asset is reclassified to trade
receivables. Where amounts have been invoiced in ‘excess of, work performed and recognised, the excess is a contract liability
and is included within deferred income and valued in line with the nature of the project and related performance obligations as
described above and recognised in future periods. . .
Software fees and other related revenue are recognised as support services are provided or software access extends across the
life of the contract, in line with the related performance obligations. ‘Under'the terms of the contract, the customer receives the
right to access the software for an agreed period of time. Revenue i is recognised over time, as the benefits of the software are
consumed by the customer over the life of the licerise, in line with the inputs’ ‘over the life of the contract or the related performance
obligations, as applicable.

Revenue is wholly attributable to the principal activities of the Group. For all revenue types, payment is typically due between 30
and 60 days after the invoice date or receipt of invoice, depending on the client and geography.

Segmental reporting

An operating segment is a component of the Group:

(i) That engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses (including revenues and expenses
relating to transactions with other components of the same entity); . .

(il) Whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the Board of Directors in order to make decisions about resources to be
allocated to that component and assess its performance; and _

(lil) For which discrete financial information is available.

Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the intérnal reporting provided to the chief operating decision
maker, as required by IFRS 8 “Operating Segments”. The chief Operating decision maker is responsible for allocating resources
and assessing performance of the operating segments, and has been identifi ied as the Board of Directors.

The accounting policies of the reportable segments are consistent with the accounting policies of the Group as a whole. Segment
profit represents the gross profit earned by each segment without allocation of administrative expenses, interest payable and tax.
This is the measure of profit that is reported to the Board of Directors for the Purpose of resource allocation and the assessment
of segment performance.

The Board regularly reviews consolidated operating results to make decisions about the financial and organisational resources of
the Group and to assess overall performance.

Employee benefits

Defined contribution pension plan

A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which the Group pays fixed contributions into a separate
entity and will have a legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts. Contributions to defined contribution schemes are
charged to the statement of comprehensive income as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the scheme.
Differences between contributions payable in the year and contributions paid are shown as either accruals or pre-payments in
the statement of financial position.

‘Share-based payments
The cost of share-based employee compensation arrangements, whereby employees receive remuneration in the form of shares
or share options, is recognised as an employee benefit expense in the statement of profit or loss.

The total expense to be apportioned over the vesting period of the bene i is determined by reference to the fair value (excluding
the effect of non market-based vesting conditions) at the date of grant.

In determining the fair value of share-based payments under iFRS 2, management has considered a number of internal and
external factors in order to judge the probability that management and employee share incentives may vest. Such judgements
involve estimating future performance and other non market-based factors. *


===== page 130 =====
128

Annual Report 2020

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

1. Basis of preparation and significant accounting policies continued

At the end of each reporting period the assumptions underlying the number of awards expected to vest are adjusted for the effects
of non market-based vesting conditions to reflect the conditions prevailing at that date. The impact of any revisions to the original
estimates is recognised in the statement of profit or loss, witha corresponding adjustment to equity. Fair value is measured by
the use of a binomial model. The assumptions have been adjusted, based on management's best estimate, for the effects of
non-transferability, lack of dividend until vesting and exercise restrictions. |

The fair value calculations have been externally assessed as reasonable in the circumstances.

Other benefits

The Group operates a profit share bonus scheme that aims to pay employees a percentage of an individual's salary, subject to
country-level corporate performance in the period. The profit share is accrued in the financial year, based on management's best
estimates of the staff bonuses to be paid considering the overall financial performance and recognised as an employee benefit
expense in the income statement. a —_

Short-term employee benefits including holiday pay are.accrued as services are rendered.

Earnings per share and adjusted earnings per share
The Group presents basic and diluted earnings per share on an IFRS and adjusted basis. In calculating the weighted average
number of shares outstanding during the period, any share restructuring is adjusted to allow comparability with other periods.

The calculation of diluted earnings per share assumes conversion of all potentially dilutive ordinary shares, which arise from
share options outstanding and shares held in Treasury or the’ Company's 's employee benefit trust (“EBT”). All shares held in
‘Treasury or the Company's EBT will be used to satisfy future share awards.or vests, and therefore have been treated as dilutive.
A calculation is performed to determine the number of share options that are potentially dilutive based on the number of shares
that could have been acquired at fair value, considering the monetary value of the subscription rights attached to outstanding
share options.

Adjusted earnings per share has been calculated after allowing for adjusting items explained in note 4 to the financial statements.
Alternative performance measures , a
In order to provide further information on the underlying, Ps erforma eC of the Group, Alpha uses alternative performance measures.
The measures are not defined under IFRS and they may not be ‘directly comparable with other companies’ adjusted measures.
These non-GAAP measures are not intended to be a substitute for, or superior to, any IFRS measures of performance, but have
been included as the Directors consider them to be helpful’ measures used within the business for assessing the underlying
performance of the Group's ongoing business across periods. The disclosure of these measures within the financial statements
is designed to provide the user with equivalent information, and to supplement those measures disclosed under IFRS. The Group
perform a reconciliation for each APM, which includes disclosure, of the most directly reconcilable line item, subtotal or total
presented under IFRS within the financial statements. Please als voter to note 4.

Dividends policy '

Dividends proposed by the Board are recognised in the fi inancial statements when they have been approved by shareholders at
the AGM. Interim dividends are recognised when they are paid.
Prior year adjustment - Revenue including rechargeable expenses

In line with IFRS 15:Para, B35B, revenue has been restated to be recognised on a gross basis and the fees and associated
rechargeable expenses are disaggregated and shown séparately. This change in presentation has arisen from the Group's
reassessment of the principal versus agent considerations guidance in IFRS 15 with regard to rechargeable expenses arrangements,
following a review letter from the Financial Reporting Council. This represents a prior year adjustment under IAS 8 - Accounting
Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors arid has been applied retrospectively from the earliest comparative period
disclosed within these financial statements. pfenk

This change has no impact on the Company's profits ot net asset position.

The impact of this change has been to increase revenue and rechargeable expenses by £2.0m in FY 20 and £1.7m in FY 19.



===== page 131 =====
ws 129

‘Annual Report 2020

New accounting standards and interpretations -
The following changes in accounting policies were applied by the Gi
ended 31 March 2020. These included the adoption of new stanidar isa

in these consolidated financial statements for the year
interpretations described below.

The International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and IFRS Intorrs ns Committee (IFRIC) have issued the following

‘standards and interpretations, which are now effective:

* IFRS 16 Leases (IFRS 16); and
* IFRIC 23 Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments (IFRIC 23)

mts

The Directors reviewed the nature and effect that these new standards have had on the Group and summarised the assessed

Impact below. These standards have been adopted by the Group: te

IFRS 16 - Leases (effective for periods commencing on or. ‘after 1 January 2019)

IFRS 16 Leases is effective for periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019 and is therefore applicable to the current period.
This standard replaces accounting treatment for leases préviously depicted in IAS 17. IFRS 16 introduced a single lessee
accounting model whereby a lessee is required to recognise a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for all leases with a term of
more than 12 months. The depreciation on the right-of-use asset will be accounted for separately from the interest expense
incurred on the lease liability in the income statement.
Nature of leases within the Group : . . a

The Group leases office premises in various jurisdictions. Leases are fiegotiatéd ‘on an individual basis, and for a variety of terms.
over which rentals are fixed with break clauses and options to extend for'a further period at the then prevailing market rate.
Rental agreements to which IFRS 16 has been applied span anywhere from 18 months to 10 years. Contracts may contain both
lease and non-lease components. Non-lease components are e separately identifiable and excluded from the lease for the
purpose of IFRS 16 implementation. ?
The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the
lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes. :

Alongside the rental leases associated with the office spaces, Alpha also hold leases over associated car parking facilities and
leases associated with office equipment. These form the population of leases’ subject to review under IFRS 16.

Adoption methodology 7
The Group has adopted IFRS 16 on a modified retrospective approach for transition and has not restated comparative amounts,
which are shown under IAS 17. The Group recognised the cumulative effect of initially applying the new standard as an
adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings at 1 April 2019. Please see note 7 for further details on the impact of the
adoption of this new standard.

The Group has used the practical expedients permitted by IFRS 16 in relation to accounting for leases with a remaining lease term
of less than 12 months as at 1 April 2019 as ‘short-term leases’ and those with a low value as ‘low value leases’. Consequently,
no lease liability or right-of-use asset was calculated thereon. These ieases are expensed in the statement of profit and loss.

Measurement of lease liabilities
On initial recognition of a new lease, the lease liability is recognised as the present value of future payments, discounted using
the Incremental borrowing rate (unless the interest implicit to.the lease is available for use).

Lease payments to be made subsequent to optional termination options have been included within the lease liability
measurement, where it is reasonably certain that such options will be exercised.

Lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be easily determined, the incremental
borrowing rate is applied, being the rate that the individual lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an
asset of similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment with similar terms, security and conditions.

The Group accounts for lease payments by allocating them to a finance cost element and against the lease liability. The finance
cost is charged to profit or loss over the lease period.


===== page 132 =====
130

Annual Report 2020

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

1. Basis of preparation and significant accounting policies continued

When the Group revises its estimate of the term of any lease (because, for example, it re-assesses the probability of a lessee
extension or termination option being exercised), it adjusts the carrying amount of the lease liability to reflect the payments to make
over the revised term, which are discounted using a revised discount rate. In such cases, an equivalent adjustment is made to
the carrying value of the right-of-use asset, with the revised carrying amount being amortised over the remaining (revised) lease
term. If the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset is adjusted to zero, any further reduction is recognised in profit or loss.

In determining the incremental borrowing rate, the Group has:

* Adopted the rate implicit in the lease, where this rate can be readily determined, or used the Incremental Borrowing Rates
(“IBR") as assessed for each lease.
* Made adjustments to the IBR for relevant factors such as lease term, lease value, country and asset specific considerations.

The Group has no material exposure to variable lease payments that qualify for accounting treatment under IFRS 16.

Measurement of right-of-use assets ‘ tee has

The right-of-use asset for lease agreements entered into after transition date is , measured on initial recognition as the amount
equal to the lease liability on initial measurement, less any lease incentives, plus any initial direct costs. Right-of-use assets are
depreciated over the shorter of the asset's useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis.

Initial adoption of the standard has resulted in the recognition as at 1 April 2019 of right-of-use assets of £2.9m and lease
liabilities of £2.9m. Refer to note 7 for further detail.

The weighted average incremental borrowing rate applied to the lease liabilities on 1 April 2019 was 4%.

The discounted remaining lease payments are reconciled to the lease liabilities recognised on initial application as follows:

& £'000
Operating lease commitments disclosed as at 31 March 2019 (restated) 3,431
Discounted using the average incremental borrowing rate! .:. , (405)
Less: short-term leases recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis _ (140)
Other (UK printing lease not included in commitments as at 31 March 2019) 1
Lease liabilities recognised as at 1 April 2019" __ Pon : 2,897
Of which are:
Current lease liabilities 4 . 228
Non-current lease liabilities . i 2,669
Lease liabilities recognised as at 1 April 2019" - vk 2,897
The change in accounting policy affected the following items in'the balance sheet on 1 April 2019:
Right-of-use assets Increase by . 2,897
Lease liabilities Increase by, | ee 2,897
Deferred tax assets Increase/ decrease | 6

IFRIC 23 - Uncertainty Over Income Tax Treatments (effective for periods commencing on or after 1 January 2019)
The IFRIC 23 ‘Uncertainty Over Income Tax Treatments’ interpretation is effective for accounting periods beginning on or after 1 January
2019 and provides further clarification on how to,apply. the,recognition and measurement requirements in IAS 12 ‘Income Taxes’.

IFRIC 23 has not had a material impact on the financial-statements for the year ended 31 March 2020.

There are no accounting standards that are‘not yet. effective that would be expected to have a material impact on the Group in
the current or next reporting periods.


===== page 133 =====
131

Annual Report 2020

2.Segmentinformation — a

Group management has determined the operating segments by considering the segment information that is reported internally
to the chief operating decision maker, the Board of Directors. For management purposes, the Group is currently organised into
three geographical operating divisions: UK, North America arid Europe & Asia. The Group's operations all consist of one type:
consultancy and related services to the asset and wealth management industry.

The Directors consider that there is a material level of operational support and linkage provided to the Group’s emerging
territories in Asia and Europe as they develop their présence locally, ‘and as sich these clusters of territories have been deemed
to constitute one operating segment.

Revenues associated with software licensing arrangements were immaterial in both the current and prior years. Therefore, the
Directors consider disaggregating revenue by operating segments is most relevant to depict the nature, amount, timing and
uncertainty of revenue and cash flows as may be affected by economic factors.

Segmental revenue pene
UK® North America” Europe & Asia®® Total
31 March 2020 Jie ek £000 £7000 £7000 £7000
Revenue Sy 7" 61,394 15,222 24,288 90,901
Rechargeable expenses . . (864) (786) (327) (1,977)
Net fee income* + 50,527 14,436 23,961 88,924
Cost of sales (28,247) (9,672) (16,602) (64,521)
Gross profit . 22,280 4,764 7,359 34,403
Margin on net fee income* (%) oe ” 441% 33.0% 30.7% 38.7%
Net assets S| 53,740 9,556 28,090 91,386
._UK® North America” Europe & Asia® Total
31 March 2019 (restated) : ‘£000 £000 £7000 £7000
Revenue ond . 46,137 9,879 21,645 77,661
Rechargeable expenses _ “Th (796) (707) (198) (1,701)
Net fee income” hy 45,341 9,172 21,447 75,960
Cost of sales . : (25,594) (7,514) (13,770) (46,878)
Gross profit va + 49,747 1,658 7,677 29,082
Margin on net fee income™ (%) . ; + 43.6% 18.1% 35.8% 38.3%
Net assets i er" 60,184 6,258 22,698 89,140

During the year, the Group had no customers that comprised more than 40% of the Group's revenues, with the largest customer
comprising 8.0%. One customer contributed £8.1m, or 10.4% of Group revenues in FY 19. The largest customer was different in
each of FY 19 & FY 20.

The Group's central net assets have been allocated to the UK operating segment, with the exception of Goodwill balances,
which have been allocated to operating segments in line with,note 12.

% Alpha Data Solutions ("ADS") revenue, previously shown within Europe-& Asia, in the current year is included in the UK segment in line with the ADS
business growth and focus. To allow for easier comparison, this has been restatail in the comparative period. Within Europe & Asia, France is a
‘materlal entity and generated profits after tax of £1.1m (FY 19: £1.9m) and revenite of £11.2m (FY 19: £12.1m)

2" North America replaces previously used “US" as a geographic segment, taking into consideration an office in Canada through the acqustion by the
Group of Axxsys

® Net fee income Is revenue stated before incidental expenses recharged to clieris. As noted in note 1, the Group has aligned to IFRS 15 para B36B to
show revenue on a gross basis including these associated rechargeable expenses. The Directors assess performance across the Group before such
rechargeable expenses as it Is considered that this alternative performance measure better indicates the underlying productive operating
performance of the Group. Further detail is set out in note 4

® Margin on net fee Income is gross profit expressed as a percentage of nat fee income. Please refer to note 4 for further detail


===== page 134 =====
132 on

Annual Report 2020

3. Operating profit a

Operating profit for the period is stated after charging/(crediting):

FY20 FY 19

Note £000 £'000

Amortisation of intangible assets 3,804 2,586
Depreciation of plant and equipment . 1,022 263

Net foreign exchange losses/(gains) . (80) (116)
Rental expense : 7 597 903
Impairment provision recognised on trade receivables 7 1
Defined contribution pension scheme costs 7 952 453
Share-based payments charge . 1,307 872
Earn-out & deferred consideration . s + 2,761 295
Integration costs ee : 509 -
Acquisition costs pete t 7 488 -

Auditor's remuneration: .

FY 20 FY19

£000 £7000

Audit fees - parent company ori sy 50 33
Audit fees — subsidiary companies 7 : 142 87
Other assurance services _ 10 10

All auditor remuneration relates to audit fees and associated assurance services. There were no additional advisory services
Provided by the auditor to the Group in both the current and prior years.

4, Reconciliations to alternative performance measures (“APMs”)

Alpha uses APMs that are not defined or specific under the requirements of IFRS. The APMs, including net fee income, margin
on net fee income, adjusted profit before tax, adjusted operating profit, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted cash conversion and organic
growth, are provided to allow stakeholders a further understanding of the underlying trading performance of the Group and aid
comparability between accounting periods, and are not'considered a substitute for or superior to IFRS measures.

Net fee income :

The Group disaggregates revenue into net fee income and expenses recharged to clients. Net fee income provides insight into
the Group's productive output and is used by the Board to Set budgets and measure performance. This APM is reconciled on
the face of the income statement and net fee income by segment is reconciled to revenue in note 2.



===== page 135 =====
: ae 133

Annual Report 2020

Reconciliation of adjusted profit before tax, adjusted operating profit and adjusted EBITDA

an 1 FY 20 Fy19
aan Note £000 £7000
Profit before tax : . 9,294 12,520
Amortisation of acquired intangible assets : 12 3,376 2,586
Loss on disposal of fixed assets _ . 14 n 6
Share-based payments charge . at . 21 1,307 872
Earn-out and deferred consideration : feos fe 13 2,761 295
Acquisition costs aan an 488 :
Integration costs . 509 -
Foreign exchange (gains)/losses : ‘ (80) (116)
Adjusting items 8,372 3,643
Non-underlying finance expenses , 6 951 -
Adjusted profit before tax oa 18,617 16,163
Net underlying finance expenses 6 181 52
Adjusted operating profit 18,798 16,215,
Depreciation of plant and equipment : . 7,14 1,022 263
Amortisation of capitalised development costs Ps, 12 428 -
Adjusted EBITDA vee 20,248 16,478
Adjusted EBITDA margin (%) 22.8% 217%
Adjusted EBITDA °

Adjusted EBITDA is a commonly used operating measure, which is defined by the Group as earnings stated before non-cash
items including intangible asset amortisation, depreciation, net finance expenses and other non-operating expenses. Adjusted
EBITDA is a measure that is used by management and the Board to assess trading performance across the Group, and forms
the basis of the performance measures for aspects of remuneration, including consultant profit share.

Adjusted EBITDA also excludes the employee share-based payments charge and related social taxes. This allows comparability
between periods as the Group's share option plans were established on AIM admission; aligns more closely with the operational
activities of the business; accounts for the fact that the charge is a non-cash item and the fact that estimated future social taxes
payable fluctuate with the future market value of shares. This has been’ Applied consistently across reporting periods. Note 21
sets out further details of the employee share-based paymisnts experise calculation under IFRS 2.

As per note 13, the acquisition of Axxsys and Obsidian in the current year involved deferred contingent and non-contingent
consideration payments, which, in accordance with IFRS 3, will be expensed annually over several years, dependent on the
ongoing employment of the respective vendors. This cost has been removed to calculate adjusted EBITDA as, whilst it will recur
inthe short term, it represents additional payments linked to these acquisitions and not operational performance. In the prior
period, the employment-linked deferred consideration relating to the acquisition of TrackTwo was similarly adjusted.

Similarly, the impact of foreign currency volatility in translating underlying trading of the Group to the Group's functional currency
has been excluded from the calculation of adjusted EBITDA on the basis that such exchange rate movements do not reflect the
underlying trends or operational performance of the Group.

Other acquisition costs expensed in the current year relating to the Axxsys and Obsidian acquisitions have also been excluded
from adjusted EBITDA as they are not directly attributable to the ongoing trading performance of the Group. This is consistent
with the treatment applied to prior other acquisitions and the AIM admission costs excluded in previous years.

Integration costs to align the acquired Obsidian product suite security and to integrate the technology protocols with the ADS
360 SalesVista product directly result from the acquisition of Obsidian, and have been managed as a discrete short-term project
subsequent to the acquisition in early FY 21. These costs are excluded to allow clarity on the underlying operational
performance of the Group between periods. .



===== page 136 =====
134

Annual Report 2020 ee Sha oy

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

4, Reconciliations to Alternative Performance Measures (“APMs") continued

Adjusted EBITDA is also shown under IAS 17, which preceded the IFRS 16 Leases accounting standard. This allows comparability
between accounting periods, as IFRS 16 was adopted in the current year on a modified retrospective approach. A further
reconciliation is set out in note 7. Adjusted EBITDA margin is noted on the previous page.

Reconciliation of underlying administrative expenses

FY 20 FY 19
5 Note £000 £000

Administrative expenses 23,977 16,510
Adjusting items : (8,372) (3,643)
Depreciation of plant and equipment : . 7,14 (1,022) (263)
Amortisation of capitalised development costs . 12 (428) 7
Adjusted group adi rative expenses te E 14,155 12,604
Lease liability payments 7 835 :
IAS 17 adjusted group administrative expenses “ 14,990 12,604

Adjusted Group administrative expenses are administrative expenses excluding adjusting items, depreciation and amortisation of
capitalised development costs and is used by the Board to monitor the underlying administrative costs of the business. [AS 17
adjusted Group administrative expenses includes lease ‘lidbllity payments, which are not recorded as administrative expenses
under IFRS 16, to allow comparability between periods..On a compar rable basis, underlying administrative expenses grew 18.9%
to £15m. an) :

Adjusted profit before tax :

Adjusted profit before tax is an alternative performance measure, which allows comparability of the Group's underlying performance
following its modified retrospective adoption of IFRS 16 (see'note 7). Lease asset depreciation and related finance expenses are
included within adjusted profit before tax. This measure also reflects the increased underlying amortisation charges arising from
the recently capitalised costs of ADS product development. This measure will likely be of increasing importance in allowing
comparability across periods as the ADS business grows further in future years.

In addition to these adjustments to administrative expenses, the related unwinding of the discounted contingent and non-
contingent acquisition consideration within finance expenses is also considered a non-operating adjusting item to adjusted
profit before tax. . :

Reconciliation to adjusted profit after tax and adjusted EPS

FY20 FY 19

£7000 £7000

Adjusted profit before tax . 18,617 16,163
Tax charge ‘ (3,127) (3,321)
Tax impact of adjusting items. . t (1,142) (602)
Adjusted profit after tax 7 _ pe 14,348 12,240

Adjusted profit after tax and adjusted earnings per share metrics are further alternative performance measures, similarly used to
allow a further understanding of the underlying performance. of the Group. Adjusted profit after tax is stated before adjusting
items and their associated tax effects. The associated tax effects are calculated by applying the relevant effective tax rate to
allowable expenses that have been excluded as adjusting items, | |

Adjusted EPS is calculated by dividing the adjusted profit after tax for the period attributable to ordinary shareholders by the
weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period. Adjusted diluted EPS is calculated by dividing
adjusted profit after tax by number of shares as above, adjusted for: the impact of potential ordinary shares. Potential ordinary
shares are only treated as dilutive when their conversion to ordinary. shares would decrease EPS (or increase loss per share).
Refer to note 11 for further detail.



===== page 137 =====
135

“ bs Annual Report 2020
FY 20 FY19
: p >
Adjusted EPS
Adjusted EPS 14.21 12.05

Adjusted diluted EPS ; a : 13.62 11.77

Profit margins
Margin on net fee income and adjusted EBITDA margins are calculated using gross Profit and adjusted EBITDA expressed as a
percentage of net fee income. These margins represent the margin that the Group earns on its productive output, excluding nil
or negligible margin expense recharges to clients over which the Group hes limited control, and allows comparability of the
business output between periods. Such adjusted margins a are used by the management team and the Board to assess the
performance of the Group.

Profits and margins without IFRS 16 are also shown within the Chief Financial Officer's Report on p. 111 to allow better
comparability between years, as IFRS 16 was adopted on a modified retrospective basis.

Adjusted cash conversion . ‘

FY 20 FY 19

. £'000 £'000

Net cash generated from operating activities 18,208 16,368
Employment-linked acquisition payments oN 1,200 -
Acquisition costs 488 -
Adjusted cash generated from operating activities _ 19,896 16,368

Adjusted cash generated from operating activities excludes any employment-linked acquisition payments and other acquisition
costs expensed in the year, treated as operating cash flows under IFRS, in order to exclude the effect of cash payments relating
to acquisitions from underlying operating performance. .

FY 20 FY 19

% %

Cash conversion . \ Y 175% 130%
Adjusted cash conversion cone 106% 101%

Cash conversion is stated as net cash generated from operating activities expressed as a percentage of operating profit.

Adjusted cash conversion is stated as adjusted cash generated from operating activities expressed as a percentage of adjusted
operating profit.

Organic growth
Organic revenue growth of 7.7% for the current year represents FY 20 revenue less £7.3m revenue attributable to the acquisitions
completed during the year.

Constant currency growth

The Group operates in multiple jurisdictions and generates revenues and profits in various currencies. Those results are translated
on consolidation at the foreign exchange rates prevailing in that period. These exchange rates vary from year to year, so the Group
presents some of its results on a “constant currency” basis. This means that the.current year’s results have been retranslated
using the average exchange rates from the prior year to aliow for comparison of year-on-year results, eliminating the effects of
volatility in exchange rates. .

Currency translation had a minimal impact on both net fee income and profits in FY 20, as a result of a flat average sterling,
against key currencies. In the year, sterling averaged $1.28 (FY 19: $1.31) and €1.15 (FY 19: €1.13). Currency translation
immaterially increased FY 20 net fee income by £0.3m (0.4%).


===== page 138 =====
136

Annual Report 2020

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued
5. Staff costs ~

The average number of employees employéd by the Group, where “employees” includes Executive Directors but excludes
contractors, was: .

FY 20 FY 19

Number Number

UK 174 145
North America 53 49
Europe & Asia , 128 110
Administration : 42 32
Average headcount 397 336
‘ ; FY 20 FY 19

£000 £7000

Wages and salaries : 42,178 35,638
Social security costs — , 5,076 4,083
Pension costs 952 453
Share-based payment charge ee 1,307 872
Total staff costs 49,513 41,046

The Directors are considered to be the key management personnel and details of the Directors’ remuneration, including salary,
share option awards, pension and other benefits, are included in the tables within the “summary of Directors’ remuneration” and
“equity interests and awards of equity” sections of the Remuneration Committee Report on pp. 96-97.

The share-based payment charge, including social security taxes, in respect of key management personne! was £136,000
(FY 19: £79,000).

6. Finance income and expenses

FY 20 FY 19

: : Note £7000 £000

Bank interest receivable 1 -
Interest payable on bank loans and overdraft ° (63) (62)
Interest on lease liabilities " 7 7 (129) -
Total underlying finance expenses . . - (182) (§2)
Net underlying finance expenses 4 (181) (62)
Non-underlying finance expenses . 4 (951) -

Total finance expenses Ss * (1,133) (52)



===== page 139 =====
. 137

Annual Report 2020

7. Leases

As set out in note 1, the Group has adopted IFRS: 16 Leases during the year using the Modified Retrospective approach. This
new accounting standard replaces accounting treatment for leases previously depicted in IAS 17. IFRS 16 introduced a single
lessee accounting model whereby a lessee is required to recognise a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for all leases with a
term of more than 12 months. 7

Right-of-use assets

Equipment
wey z Buildings under lease. Total
: £1000 £7000 £000

Cost
At 1 April 2019 : 2,886 1" 2,897
Additions — 377 - 377
Disposals and other movements vs i - - -
Exchange adjustments : 101 - j01
At31 March 2020 Aa 3,364 1 3,375
Depreciation .
At1 April 2019 ee . - - -
Charge for the period an (760) Oy (764)
Disposals oe - - -
At 31 March 2020 : ; i (760) 4 (764)
Net book value at 31 March 2020 2,604 7 2,611

bette
Asummary of the Group's lease liabilities as at 31 March 2020 is presented below:
. 31 March 2020 1 April 2018

£000 £000
Current ‘ 791 228
Non-current 7 ‘ : 1,878 2,669

Total lease liabilities 2,669 2,897

Interest expense recognised in the year arising from the above lease liabilities amounted to £0.1m.

The income statement records, within operating profit, £0.6m relating to leases not within the scope of IFRS 16, such as leases
with a remaining lease term of less than 12 months as at 1 April 2019 and therefore treated as “short-term leases”, and those
with a low value and therefore treated as “low value leases”. Variable service charge costs associated with the Group's property
leases represent future outflows relating to the lease arrangements that are also not included within the IFRS 16 lease liability.
These currently amount to £0.1m per annum and are expensed as incurred. Refer to note 3.

The Group has no income associated with sub-leasing arrangements, or gains/losses associated with sale-and-leaseback
transactions in the current year. .

Detailed accounting policies related to the implementation of IFRS 16'are set out in note 1.



===== page 140 =====
138
Annual Report 2020 Stak tal

Notes to the consolidated financial.statements continued

7. Leases continued

In order to aid comparability between periods, the table‘below shows the income statement captions to 31 March 2020 as if

IFRS 16 had not been adopted: . i
FY 20 (FRS 16 FY 20
underlAS 17 adjustments under IFRS 16
£000 £000 £000
Continuing operations e nisws
Revenue . 90,901 - 90,901
Rechargeable expenses wel (1,977) - (1,977)
Net fee income 88,924 - 88,924
Cost of sales (64,521) - (64,521)
Gross profit . ‘ 34,403 - 34,403
Administration expenses i (24,048) 71 (23,977)
Operating profit ‘ . 10,355 71 10,426
Depreciation uo 258 764 1,022
Amortisation of capital development costs 7 428 - 428
Adjusting items . 8,372 - 8,372
Adjusted EBITDA . : 19,413 835 20,248
Net finance expenses oe : (1,003) (129) (1,132)
Profit before tax een 9,352 (58) 9,204
8. Taxation
, FY 20 FY19
. £7000 £000
Current tax
In respect of the current year 2,473 2,433
Adjustment in respect of prior periods (372) (274)
Foreign taxation 1,243 1,397
Deferred tax
In respect of the current year (629) (460)
Change in tax rate 426 13
Adjustment in respect of prior periods 186 212
Total tax expense for the year 3,127 3,321



===== page 141 =====
139

Annual Report 2020

The difference between the total tax expense shown abové and the amount calculated by applying the standard rate of UK
corporation tax to the profit before tax is as follows: .

. FY 20 FY19
‘ £'000 £'000
Profit/(loss) before taxation hey ' an 9,294 12,520
Tax on profit on ordinary activities at standard UK corporation tax rate of 19% (2019: 19%) 1,766 2,381
Effects of: _ an ,
Fixed asset differences : a ) 3
Expenses not deductible for taxation Al 1,042 99
Income not taxable for tax purposes ‘ - -
Differences due to overseas tax rates ne C 74 887
Adjustments in respect of prior periods } wo (372) (274)
Adjustments in respect of prior periods - deferred tax 8. fey 186 212
Change in deferred tax rate ann 406 13
Deferred tax not recognised —— et 26 -
Total tax expense for the year " J ° 3,127 3,321

Expenses not deductible for taxation relate mainly to employment-linked acquisition consideration, treated as capital for tax purposes,

9. Deferred tax

; FY 20 FY 19

. £000 £000

Att April ~ ; . 3,193 3,401
Arising on business combinations : 1,467 =
Charged to the statement of profit or loss : . (217) (235)
Effect of tax rate change on opening balance a - =
Effect of changes in accounting standards . (7) =
Charged directly to equity a be 2 27
At31 March 7 a 4,438 3,193

The UK corporation tax rate legislation announced is.set to hold the corporation tax rate at 19% for the 2019/20 and 2020/21
tax years. This rate has been reflected in the calculation of deferred tax for the year ended 31 March 2020.

Movements in deferred tax during the year —

7 1 Recognised Effect of changes
Recognised Recognised onbusiness in accounting

1 April 2019 inincome inequity combinations standards 31 March 2020

£000 00, . £000 £000 £7000 £7000
Accelerated capital allowances a 26 - - 7) 40
Short-term timing differences (194) 480 ¢ a - - (14)
Share options (945) (074) 2 - - (617)
Arising on business combinations 3,711 . ‘(e49) _ 1,467 7 4,929

3,193 (217) : 2 1,467 ” 4,438



===== page 142 =====
140

Annual Report 2020

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

9. Deferred tax continued
The below table sets out the reconciliation of the net deferred tax liability:

FY 20 FY 19

—— £000 £1000

Deferred tax liabilities sae 4,984 3,728
Deferred tax assets wig (646) (635)
Net deferred tax liabilities : 4,438 3,193

Deferred tax assets recognised within these consolidated financial'statements represent the future tax effect of share-based
payment charges in respect of awards that have yet to vest and similarly on the initial recognition of right-of-use lease assets
under IFRS 16. Deductions in excess of the cumulative. share-based payment charge recognised in the statement of profit and
loss are recognised in equity.

Deferred tax liabilities represent the future tax impact arising from temporary timing differences between accounting and tax
treatments including those of the initial recognition of acquired intangible assets and the tax rate that is expected to apply as the
liability is settled. The closing deferred tax liability arising on business combinations reflects the tax effect of these temporary
differences at 31 March 2020.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset where there is a legally enforceable right to do so and when the deferred taxes relate
to the same fiscal authority.

10. Dividends

Amounts recognised as distributions to equity holders: ©

i o8

° FY20 FY19

. : £000 £000
Interim dividend for the year ended 81 March 2020 of 2.10p (FY 19: 1.91p) per share 2121 1,938
No proposed final dividend for the year ended 31 March 2026 (F¥.,19: 4.09p per share) - 4135

Total dividend for the year ended 31 March 2020 of 2.10p.{FY 19: 6.00p) per share 2,121 6,073

The Directors have not proposed a final dividend for the year ended 31 March 2020.

11. Earnings per share and adjusted earnings per share

The Group presents basic and diluted EPS data, both adjusted and rion-adjusted for its ordinary shares. Basic EPS is calculated
by dividing the profit or loss for the period attributable to ordinary shareholders by the weighted average number of ordinary shares
fully outstanding during the period. Potential ordinary shares are only treated as diutive when their conversion to ordinary shares
would decrease EPS (or increase loss per share). | ‘



===== page 143 =====
141

‘Annual Report 2020

In order to reconcile to the adjusted profit for the financial Period, the same adjustments as in note 4 have been made to the Group's
profit for the financial period. The profits and weighted average number of shares used in the calculations are set out below:

7 , Yearended Year ended
ww ae ‘31. March 2020 _ 31 March 2019
Basic & Diluted EPS. . ar) ,
Profit/(loss) for the financial year used in calculating basic and ad luted EPS (£000) - 6,167 9,199
Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (' 000) ay 101,003 101,604
Number of dilutive shares ('000) ° . 4,341 2,416
Weighted average number of ordinary shares, including potentially ditutivé shares ('000) 105,344 104,020
Basic EPS (p) oo : : . 6.11 9,05
Diluted EPS (p) 7 : 5.85 8.84
Adjusted EPS . :
Adjusted profit for the financial year used in calculating adjusted basic and diluted EPS (note 4) (£’000) 14,348 12,240
Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue ('000) . 101,003 101,604
Number of dilutive shares ('000) od ae 4,341 2,416
Weighted average number of ordinary shares, including Potentially altve shares (000) 105,344 104,020
Adjusted EPS (p) 14.21 12.05
Adjusted diluted EPS (p) wo 13.62 177
Earnings per share is calculated based on the share capital of the Company and the earnings of the Group.
12. Goodwill and intangible fixed assets
Goodwill
, FY20 FY19
£7000 £7000
Cost at beginning of the year ae : a 55,162 52,626
Additions. : ; 8,469 -
Gains/(losses) from foreign exchange . oa 922 2,536
Cost at end of the year : . : 64,553 55,162

Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the Group's share of the net identifiable assets
of the acquired subsidiary at the date of acquisition. Goodwill is represented by assets that do not qualify for separate recognition
and includes the potential synergy benefits of combining the intellectual property and talents of the teams into the Group.

In prior years, goodwill was recognised upon the acquisitions of Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited by Alpha Financial Markets
Consulting pic in February 2016 and TrackTwo GmoH in July.2017, and is the difference between the consideration paid and the

fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed.

In the current year, goodwill additions have been as a result of the acquisitions of Axxsys Limited and its subsidiaries, and

Obsidian Solutions Limited, adding £2.6m and £5.8m goodwill respectively.

Inline with IAS 36, the carrying value of goodwill is not subject to systematic amortisation but is reviewed at least annually for
impairment. The review assesses each cash-generating unit (“CGU”) to which goodwill has been allocated for impairment by
comparing the carrying amount of the unit, including the goodwill, with the recoverable amount of the unit. The carrying values
of goodwill have been assessed by reference to value in use.:Thesé,have been estimated using cash flows from the most recent

forecasts prepared by management.


===== page 144 =====
142

Annual Report 2020

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

12: Goodwill and intangible fixed assets continued

The cash generating units have been classified in line with our operating segments, and are driven by shared senior management
at a strategic and local operational level. Therefore, the CGUs considered for impairment testing are UK, North America and Europe
& Asia, in line with our operating segments. The Directors consider that there is also a material level of operational support and
linkage provided to the Group's emerging territories in Asia and Europe as they develop their presence locally, and as such these
clusters of territories have been assessed as constituting oné CGU for impairment purposes. The goodwill allocated to the CGUs
is as follows:

Restated™
FY 20 FY 19
Goodwill by cash-generating unit £'000 £’000
UK 38,902 32,338
North America 8,487 7,790
Europe & Asia 17,164 15,034
At end of the year 64,553 55,162

Key assumptions

The principal value in use assumptions for goodwill balances considered to be individually significant and that underlie the
calculation of value in use for each CGU are the assumptions relating to the underlying trading used to estimate the future CGU.
cash flows, including future CGU growth rates and margins, and the pre-tax discount rate used to discount these estimated
cash flows to present values. _

In all cases, the budget for the following financial year forms the basis for the cash flow projections for a CGU. The cash flow
projections for the four years subsequent to the budget’ year reflect'the Directors’ expectations of the medium-term operating
performance of the CGU and the growth prospects in the CGU’s market, reflecting a range of factors specific to the circumstances
associated with each CGU.

For goodwill impairment testing, the near-term FY 21 budget assumptions were sensitised further to reflect a greater impact of
the outbreak of COVID-19 and the associated uncertainty in cash flow projections. Following this period, the Directors modelled
a recovery in cash generation.

Underlying revenue growth assumptions from FY 23 to FY 25 range from an average annual growth of 5.7% to 15.0% over the
medium-term and are assessed on a period-by-period basis reflecting market conditions, including the relative size of each
CGU and the maturity level of operations in the territory, in the determination of the future estimated cash flows for value in use.

Thereafter, a perpetuity long-term growth rate is applied ranging between 1.00% and 1.10% depending on the CGU, based on
the longer term economic outlooks of those economies and our longer term assessment of the prospects of those businesses.

To discount these cash flows to present value, CGU specific pre-tax discount rates have been applied to reflect the market
assessment of the time value of money and the specific risk profile of each CGU, including consideration of the relative size of
each CGU, the maturity level of operations in the territory, and loca! market risk metrics. The Group bases its estimate for the
pre-tax discount rate on its weighted average cost of capital. The weighted average pre-tax discount rate for the Group was
determined to be 14.2% (FY 19: 15.8%). CGU specific. discount. rate have been applied to reflect CGU specific risks.

jo
The table below summarises the assumptions used for each CGU:

Pre-tax discount rate Medium-term growth rate Long-term growth rate

FY20 FY19 FY 20 FY 19 FY 20 FY 19
UK 13.7% “12.4% _ 57% 5.5% 1.0% 1.0%
North America 15.7% 12.4% 15.0% 5.5% 11% 1.0%

Europe and Asia 14.6% 12.4% 7.2% 5.5% 1.0% 1.0%

% Alpha Data Solutions ("ADS") goodwill, previously shown within Europe & Asia, In-the current year is included in the UK segment in line with the ADS
business growth and focus. To allow for easier comparison, this has been restated in the comparative perlod


===== page 145 =====
ee ‘ 143

re : Annual Report 2020

Sensitivity
The Group has considered a range of factors including the impet of COVID-19 ‘on the value in use estimate for each CGU.

In assessing goodwill impairment review, discount rates applied wou have to increase by between 4.9% to 16.5%, dependent
on the CGU, to result in value in use headroom falling to nil for any CGU. “The Directors also consider that no reasonably possible
change to the long-term growth rates could result in impairment of {gcodwill for any CGU given the prudent assumptions,
summarised in the table above.

Management does not expect a material change in the discoutit rate in any of its CGUs for the year ended 31 March 2020. As such,
in order to address uncertainty surrounding the extent of the implications of COVID-19 on goodwill impairment considerations, the
Group has applied a cash flow sensitivity to reflect a recessionary trading environment over the next 12 months, with a recovery
of revenue post COVID-19 restrictive measures to continue over a more protracted period than assumed in the Group's
impairment review base case. The medium-term growth rate in FY 23 to FY 25 assumed would need to reduce to between -6.9%
and -15.2%, depending on the CGU, for the value in use headioom to fall to nil.

The Directors have considered whether a reasonably possible change in the assumptions would erode the headroom or give rise
to a material adjustment to any carrying value in the next 12 months. The Directors do not consider that a reasonably possible
change in assumptions could result in a reduction in headroom to nil for any CGU.

Foreign exchange translation

As disclosed in the Annual Report & Accounts 2019, the Directors ‘identified that, following the Group's transition to IFRS in the
period ended 31 March 2018, the requirement under |AS21.47 to treat goodwill allocated to foreign operations as if it were an asset
of the foreign operations to which it relates, and to retranslate the balance at the year end, had not been applied. At 31 March 2019,
goodwill had been appropriately retranslated. The Directors believe the key metrics of relevance to users are underlying profits
for the year and earnings per share. As this change had no impact on the statement of profit or loss, the statement of cash flows
or earnings per share in the prior or earlier periods; and as the netiprior period impact was not material in the context of the
overall carrying amount of goodwill or net assets (an increase of less than 3%), the Directors judged it appropriate to recognise
the amount relating to prior periods in other comprehensive income:in the'year ended 31 March 2019.

Intangible fixed assets ‘
As at 31 March 2020

: Capitalised
‘Order Customer * * intellectual Trade development
Backlog relationships * * property name costs Total
Note } £000. - £000 £'000 £'000 £000
Cost : f
At the start of the year - 20,068 2,086 5,630 441 28,225
Recognised on acquisitions 13 1,308 wen °° 4,902 602 - 7,423
Additions - a a - 1,387 1,387
At the end of the year - total 1308, 24,279 3,388 6,232 7,828 37,035
Amortisation
At the start of the year - 6,234) (759) (1,414) (60) (7.487)
Charge for the year (635) (1,967)... (889) (85) (428) (3,804)
At the end of the year — total (635) (7,201) (1,148) (1,799) (478) (11,261)

Net book value 673 17,078 , 2,240 4,433 1,350 25,774



===== page 146 =====
144

Annual Report 2020

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

12. Goodwill and intangible fixed assets continued
As at 31 March 2019 a

Capitalised
Customer Intellectual Trade development
relationships property name costs, Total
£1000 £'000 £000 £000 £1000
Cost .
At the start of the year 20,068 2,086 5,630 - 27,784
Additions : : - - 441 441
At the end of the year ~ total 20,068 2,086 5,630 441 28,225
Amortisation
At the start of the year (3,442) (499) (930) - 4,871)
Charge for the year * (1,792) 4260) (484) (60) (2,586)
At the end of the year - total (6,234) “(759) (1,414) (60) (7,457)
Net book value “14,834 1,327 4216 301 20,768

Customer relationships

Customer relationships at the start of the period represent the fair value at the 3 February 2016 acquisition date of the customer
relationships that were owned by, but not previously recognised as assets of, Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited, and customer
relationships acquired as part of the TrackTwo GmbH acquisition in. July 2017.

Current year additions relate to the fair value of customer relationships from the acquisition of Axxsys Limited and Obsidian
Solutions Limited. Refer to note 13 for further detaiis. ,

The fair value has been determined by applying the Multi-Period Excess Earnings method to the cash flows expected to be earned
from customer relationships. The key management assumptions are around forecast revenues, operating margins and discount
factors. The value is the present value of the earnings the customer relationships generate, net of a reasonable return on other
assets also contributing to that stream of earnings (contributory asset charges).

Auseful economic life of 11-17 years has been deemed appropriate based on the average realisation rate of cumulative cash
flows and benchmarked data for each respective acquisition. Projected cash flows have been discounted over this period. The
amortisation charge is recognised in administrative expenses within the statement of comprehensive income.

Intellectual property
Intellectual property at the start of the period represents the fair value at the 3 February 2016 acquisition date of the intellectual
property that was owned by, but not previously recognised as assets ef, Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited, and intellectual
property acquired as part of the TrackTwo GmbH acquisition in July 2017.

Current year additions relate to the fair value of intellectual property abgiired from Axxsys Limited and Obsidian Solutions Limited.
Refer to note 13 for further details. - .

The fair value has been determined by applying the Relief ftom Royalty method to the cash flows earned from the intellectual
property. The key management assumptions are around growth forecasts, discount factors and royalty percentage utilised. A
useful economic life of 7 years has been deemed appropriate based on previous acquisitions and benchmarking data. Projected
cash flows have been discounted over this period. The amortisation charge is recognised in administrative expenses within the
statement of comprehensive income. : .

Trade name
Trade name intangible assets at the start of the period represent the fair. value at the 3 February 2016 acquisition date of the trade
name that was owned by, but not previously recognised as assets of, Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited, and the acquired
intangible asset associated with the TrackTwo GmbH acquisition in.Juty 2017.



===== page 147 =====
145

Annual Report 2020

Current year additions relate to the fair value of the trade names acquired from Axxsys Limited and Obsidian Solutions Limited.
Refer to note 13 for further details.

The fair value has been determined by applying the Relief from Royalty method to the cash flows earned from the trade name.
The key management assumptions are around growth forecasts, discount-factors and royalty percentage utilised. A useful
economic life of 10-15 years has been deemed appropriate based on previous acquisitions and benchmarking data. Projected
cash flows have been discounted over this period. The amortisation charge is recognised in administrative expenses within the
statement of comprehensive income. me °

Order backlog “os

The order backlog intangible additions in the current year relate’to the fair value of the order backlog acquired with Axxsys. The
fair value has been determined by applying the Relief from,Royalty method to the cash flows earned from the order backlog.
The key management assumptions are around growth forecasts, discount factors and royalty percentage utilised.

Auseful economic life of 1-2 years has been deemed appropriate based on benchmarking reviews, Projected cash flows have
been discounted over this period. The amortisation charge is reGognised i in administrative expenses within the statement of
comprehensive income. — *

Ee Fe
The remaining useful economic lives of each of the respective asset classes acquired on acquisition above are summarised in
the table below.

Customer intelectual Trade Order

relationships property name backiog

Acquired Entity *__ (years) (years) (years) (years)
Alpha FMC Group Holdings oo 78 28 10.8
TrackTwo GmbH 70 wy vs 8S 43 14.2

Axxsys Limited - UK . 10.2 0.2 14.2 0.2

Axxsys Limited - North America/Nordics : : 1.2 0.2 14.2 0.2-1.2
Obsidian Solutions Limited : ceo ) 166 66 9.6

Capitalised development costs
Capitalised development costs represent the costs incurred in the development enhancements to the 360 SalesVista software
product within Alpha Data Solutions. a

Auseful economic life of 3 years has been deemed appropriate based oh expected project lifecycle in development of new software.

The amortisation charge is recognised in administrative expenses within the statement of comprehensive income. There is an average
of 2.6 years remaining to be amortised for the capitalised development costs in relation to the development of new software.

13. Acquisition of business

Acquisitions in the period oe

Axxsys: Q

On 5 June 2019, the Group acquired 100% of the share capital and voting interests of Axxsys Limited and subsidiaries. Axxsys
has provided specialised management consultancy and technology:implementation services to the investment management
industry since 2003.

The Group acquired Axxsys for £9 million cash in base consideration, payable partly on completion and also in non-contingent
Instalments over the two years following acquisition, plus an earn-out which may become payable in cash atter the third anniversary
of completion, contingent on Axxsys meeting certain earnings growth targets. The maximum earn-out payable is £5 million.

Of the £9m base consideration, £4.8m was paid during the year, of which £1.2m was employment-linked. The remaining £4.2m.
base consideration is due across the first and second anniversaries of the acquisition. Including the contingent earn-out and
unwinding of discounting, a total £6.2m estimated consideration is recorded within liabilities, of which £1.9m is recorded in
Current liabilities and £4.3m in non-current liabilitiés. Any remaining employment-| -linked balance due will be expensed in the
Income statement per IFRS 3 proportionately until 2022.



===== page 148 =====
146

‘Annual Report 2020

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

13. Acquisition of business continued = -

The earn-out payments have been estimated by the Directérs based on anticipated future earnings and discounted to current
values. The unwinding of this earn-out discount annually shall be recognised as a finance cost, please refer to note 6. During the
year, £0.6m of this discount unwinding was expensed as a inon-underlying cost in relation to Axxsys. Given this expense
includes estimation, were assumptions adjusted for perforrnance to be 10% better than anticipated, the earn-out related
expense for the year would increase by £0.1m; if performance was 10% worse than anticipated, the earn-out related expense
for the year would decrease by £0.3m.

Axxsys contributed £7.1m to the Group's revenue and £1.4m to the Group's profit before tax for the period from the date of
acquisition to the 31 March 2020. If the acquisition of Axxsys had been completed on 1 April 2019, Group revenues for the
period would have been £92.3m and Group profit before tax would have been £9.5m.

Axxsys Limited
Book Fair value Values on
values adjustments acquisition
Note £7000 £7000 £7000
Acquiree's net assets at the acquisition date:
Tangible fixed assets . . 30 - 30
Customer relationships , / - 4,067 4,067
Order backlog 7 - 1,308 1,308
Trade name : he - 284 284
Trade and other debtors . 1,572 - 4,572
Cash so us 374 - 374
Trade and other creditors : ae (1,220) at (1,220)
Deferred tax liability : - (1,166) (1,166)
Net identifiable assets and liabilities acquired 756 4,493 5,249
Cash consideration relating to business combination « vf 7,890
Goodwill on acquisition vo 12 2,641
Obsidian

In addition to Axxsys Limited, the Group acquired 100% of the issued share capital of Obsidian Solutions Limited on 9 November
2019. Obsidian provides specialised software products to the investment management industry.

Of the £5.9m base consideration, £4.2m was. paid on completion ’of the Obsidian acquisition. The remaining £1.7m base
consideration is due six months from the date of acquisition. Including the contingent earn-out and unwinding of discounting,
a total £4.3m estimated consideration is recorded within'liabilities, of which £1.7m is recorded in current liabilities, and £2.6m
contingent estimated earn-out consideration is recorded in non-current liabilities. Any remaining employment-related balance
will be expensed through the income statement per IFRS 3 proportionately until 2023.

The earn-out payments have been estimated by the Directors based on anticipated future earnings and discounted to current
values. The unwinding of this earn-out discount annually shall be recognised as a finance cost, refer to note 6. During the year,
£0.4m of this discount unwinding was expensed in the year as a non-underlying cost in relation to Obsidian. Given this expense
includes estimation, the value may be subject to change."As the maximum earn-out has been assumed, if performance were to
be 10% worse than anticipated, the earn-out related expense for the year would decrease by £0.2m.

Obsidian contributed £0.2m to the Group's revenue and £0.2m loss to the Group's profit before tax for the period from the date
of acquisition to the 31 March 2020. If the acquisition of Obsidian had been completed on 1 April 2019, Group revenues for the
period would have been £91.5m and Group profit beford tax would have been £9.6m.



===== page 149 =====
147

, Annual Report 2020
Obsidian Solutions Limited : ‘
‘Book Fair value Values on
- values adjustments acquisition
: Note £7000 £7000 £000
Acquiree's net assets at the acquisition date: tot p
Tangible fixed assets 6 - 6
Customer relationships ao — - 146 146
Trade name ‘ . - 318 318
Intellectual property hor te - 1,302 1,302
‘Trade and other debtors ' . 501 - 501
Cash : 155 - 155
‘Trade and other creditors : hoe (149) - (149)
Deferred tax liability rl - (800) (00)
Net identifiable assets and liabilities acquired § ne i 513 1,466 1,979
Cash consideration relating to business combination - 7,807
Goodwill on acquisition So 12 5,828

These acquisitions have been accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting. The fair value adjustments relate to the
identification of separately identifiable intangibles and associated deferred tax liabilities. For the remaining assets and liabilities
acquired, no fair value adjustments were identified. The tables above set out the book and fair values of the identifiable assets
and liabilities acquired. Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of the acquisition over the fair value of the Group’s share of

the net identifiable assets of the acquired subsidiaries: at the. date of. acquisition.

Acquisitions in prior periods

As part of the acquisition of TrackTwo GmbH in 2017, the Group'agreed an earn-out arrangement and a final ownership consideration
based on the financial performance of TrackTwo over the 3-year period to July 2020, subject to continuous employment of the
vendor until July 2020, as previously disclosed. In the current year, the Group has netted off £0.2m within the earn-out and deferred
consideration charge relating to amounts previously provided _ these consideration arrangements, to reflect the expected final

payment in July 2020.

The below table summarises the deferred and contingent consideration balances i in relation to acquisitions held within current

and non-current liabilities as at 31 March 2020: ©». :

Curent Non-current Total

£'000 £'000 £'000

Axxsys Limited 1,890 4,294 6,184
Obsidian Solutions Limited . 1,709 2,570 4,279
TrackTwo GmbH 7 : 100 - 100
6,864 10,563

Total 3,699



===== page 150 =====
148

Annual Report 2020

Leasehold Fixtures, fittings ‘Computer
. improvements and equipment equipment Total
£7000 £7000 £000 £7000
Cost
At 1 April 2018 208 256 954 1,418
Acquired through business combinations . . oe - - -
Additions . - 59 264 323
Disposals : 2 - (65) (67)
At 31 March 2019 . 206 315 1,163 1,684
Acquired through business combinations 7 - 199 199
Additions 7 . . ? 95 30 254 379
Disposals _ - (110) 65) (165)
At 31 March 2020 a . ue 301 235 1,561 2,097
Depreciation oe
At 1 April 2018 : (152) (223) (646) (1,021)
Acquired through business combinations : - - - -
Charge for the period . (35) (30) (198) (263)
Disposals - - - 14 14
At 31 March 2019 . (187) (253) (830) (1,270)
Acquired through business combinations "y - - (163) (163)
Charge for the period (26) (24) (208) (258)
Disposals - 109 15 124
At 31 March 2020 (213) (168) (1,186) (1,567)
Net book value at 31 March 2020 88 67 375 530
Net book value at 31 March 2019 19 62 333 414
The net book value of computer equipment acquired under business combinations amounts to £36,000 (refer to note 13).
15. Trade and other receivables
a FY 20 FY 19
£7000 £'000
Amounts due within 1 year:
Trade receivables : cols : 19,420 17,086
Less: allowance for expected credit losses . (623) (447)
‘Trade receivables - net . . 18,897 16,639
Other debtors 101 589
Prepayments 926 912
Accrued income 1,288 1,540
Total amounts due within 1 year i 21,212 19,680

Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and generally have a 30 to 60 day term. Due to their short maturities, the carrying

amount of trade and other receivables is a reasonable approximation of their fair value.

An expected credit loss attributable to trade receivables is established after consideration of historical loss rates in preceding
periods and relevant current circumstances. The Group has determined historical loss rates for each ageing category of trade

receivables by performing an in-depth analysis of historical losses.


===== page 151 =====
149

Annual Report 2020

i

The Group has considered macro-economic factors, including 'the impact of the outbreak of COVID-19 and the ongoing uncertainty
over Brexit, on the expected credit loss rates applied to each ageing category. The Group has also considered asset-specific
indicators such as customer correspondence, default or delinquency in payment, and significant financial difficulties of the
customer in determining the credit risk adjustment applied to each category for the year ended 31 March 2020.

Gross Net

oe ” Expected carrying Loss carrying

loss rate amount allowance amount

% £000 £7000 £000

<31 days . _ 1.60% 11,787 (189) 11,598

31-60 days : De \, 2.08% 5,332 (111) 5,221

61-90 days Te 449% 913 (38) 875

91-120 days 7 He Ee 7 5906, 293 (22) Pal

121+ days 14.91% 1,095 (163) 932

At31 March 2020 ° 19,420 (623) 18,897

5 Gross Net

- Expected carrying Loss carrying

, . © loss rate amount allowance amount

' é 5 % £'000 £'000 £000

<31 days 1.34% 8,228 (110) 8118

31-60 days 1.39% 5,770 (60) 5,690

61-90 days 2.99% 914 7) 887

91-120 days 1.00% 88 q) 87

121+ days 11.00% 2,086 (229) 1,857

At31 March 2019 17,086 (447) 16,639
The movement in the Group's allowance for expected credit losses in the year is summarised below:

: yy. FY20 FY 19

Allowance for expected credit losses: , £7000 £000

At April nee 447 446

Charge for the period . 76 1

Uncollected amounts written off, net of recoveries ~ 7

At 31 March 523 447

Contract assets are recognised in accrued income and relate to satisfied performance obligations recognised and not invoiced at
the year end. All such contract assets are expected to be realised within one year and classified within current assets. Contract
assets are recorded on a time spent basis and as performance obligations are met on agreed fees and day rates, billed in arrears.
These are typically short-term timing differences which are administrative in nature at each year end date. Contract asset
payments are due on standard terms once the invoices are raised. The contract assets movement in the year represents these
timing differences across contracts at each year end. The following table sets out a reconciliation of the movement in contract

assets in the current and prior years.

y FY 20 FY19

£7000 f'000

Contract assets relating to contracts with customers as at 1 April 1,540 2,743
Increase in contract assets for the period 1,288 1,540
Contract assets released ao (1,840) (2,749)
1,288 1,540

Balance as at 31 March 2020

The expected credit loss calculated on accrued income was not material at the current or prior year ends. For analysis of the
maximum exposure to credit risk at 31 March 2020, please. refer to:note 22.
aan y


===== page 152 =====
150

Annual Report 2020

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued
16. Cash and cash equivalents

5 FY20 FY19
2 £000 £'000
Cash and cash equivalents ne : 25,996 18,581
Revolving credit facility ot 6,000) -
Net cash . 20,996 18,581
17. Trade and other payables
FY20 FY 19
Note £'000 £000
Trade payables 7 2,329 1,437
Accruals ‘ : 12,863 12,744
Deferred income ; : pe 1,336 662
Taxation and social security wo E 4,213 2,000
Other creditors st 1,489 1,584
Earn-out and deferred consideration 13 3,699 -
Total amounts owed within one year . 25,929 18,427

Trade payables comprise amounts outstanding for trade purchases and ongoing costs. The average credit period taken for trade
purchases is 30 days (FY 19: 30 days). The Directors consider that the carrying amount of trade and other payables is a reasonable
approximation of their fair value. .

Accruals included the provision for employee profit share bonus'accrued through the year and paid after the year end.

Earn-out and deferred consideration comprise £1.7m deferred consideration linked to the acquisition of Obsidian Solutions Limited
and £1.9m relating to deferred consideration and earn-out payments. arising from the acquisition of Axxsys Limited at the
balance sheet date. Furthermore, earn-out and deferred consideration includes £0.1m relating to earn-out payments linked to
the acquisition of TrackTwo GmbH payable in 2020.

Within taxation and social security is an existing £1.4m provision relating to historic pre-AIM admission potential tax treatments.
The amount of this tax provision is subject to significant uncertainty. A final position agreed with a tax authority or through the
expiry of a tax audit period could differ from the estimated provision. Curréntly there are no significant ongoing tax audits. Whilst
a range of outcomes is reasonably possible, the extent of the range is further additional liabilities of up to £0.4m or a reduction
of such liabilities to £0.2m.

Deferred income recognises contract liabilities arising from the Group's revenue generating activities relating to payments
received in advance of performance delivered under a contract. These contract liabilities typically arise on short-term timing
differences between performance obligations in some milestone, 1 fixed fee contracts and their respective contracted payment
schedules. The contract liability movement in ‘the year represents these timing differences across contracts at each year end.
The following table sets out the revenue recognised in ‘the current year that relates to carry forward contract liabilities and the
liabilities recognised in the current year, which have been deferred to the next reporting period. All current deferred income is
expected to be recognised through revenue within one year.

FY20 FY19
£000 £000
Contract liabilities relating to contracts with customers at start of period 662 989
Increase in contract liabilities for the period ak Oy 1,336 662
Contract liabilities released : (662) (989)

Balance as at end of period 1,336 662


===== page 153 =====
151

Annual Report 2020

Unperformed balances represent the revenue that the Group will earn from customers when the Group satisfies the remaining
performance obligations in certain contracts. These mainly relate to Alpha Data Solutions’ multi-year contracts that range between
1 and 5 years, in which software access revenue is recognised over the access period. The following table sets out the aggregate
amount of the contracted transaction price allocated to performance obligations that are unsatisfied or partly satisfied at the
year end date. Unperformed balances relating to contracts with an expected original life of less than one year are not disclosed.
Similarly, the Group has adopted the practical expedient not todisclose amounts under longer term contracts in which the revenue
is to be invoiced on agreed day rates. Revenue from unperformed performance obligations is expected to be recognised In the
following timeframes: SiR aed :

vee 7 FY 20 FY 19

wits £000 £7000

To be undertaken and recognised within one year © 7 ¥ 1,513 332

To be undertaken and recognised between one and three years... > 4,752 556

To be undertaken and recognised after three years ne 67 225

Total revenue from unperformed performance obligations‘. ° .. 3,332 1,113
18. Other non-current liabilities -’

. FY 20 FY 19

Note £000 £7000

Earn-out and deferred consideration . 13 6,864 486

Other non-current liabilities 240 :

Total amounts due after one year ‘ : 7,104 486

Within non-current liabilities are £2.6m of costs associated with.the potential earn-out payments linked to the acquisition of
Obsidian Solutions Limited, which are contingent on performance and fall due over 12 months from the balance sheet date. In
addition, £4.3m of costs are included within non-current liabilities relating to deferred consideration and non employment-linked
earn-out payments from the Axxsys Limited acquisition falling due. over 12 months from the balance sheet date. Refer to note 13
for further detail. ee

Other non-current liabilities include social security costs due on vesting of share options. Refer to note 21.

19. Note to the cash flow statement’

Effects of
changes in: Lease

Asat accounting accounting Foreign Asat

4 April 2019 standards , Cashflow adjustments exchange 31 March 2020

£7000 e000 £000 £000 £'000 £7000

Cash and cash equivalents 18,581 woe 6,995 - 420 25,996
Bank borrowings - - (6,000) - - (6,000)
Net cash 18,581 Lo - 1,995 - 420 20,996
Leases 7 (2,897) ) (506) (101) (2,669)

18,581 (2,897) 2,830 (506) 319 18,327



===== page 154 =====
152

Annual Report 2020

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued
20. Called up share capital ~ =

FY 20 FY19
‘Number Number.
Alloted, called up and fully paid
Ordinary 0.075p shares (1 vote per share) F 103,607,638 101,974,874
FY 20 FY19
£ £
Alioted, called up and fully paid
Ordinary 0.075p shares (1 vote per share) 77,706 76,481
Movements in share capital during the year ended 3I March 2020:
: £
Balance at 1 April 2019 ‘ i 76,481,
101,974,874 ordinary shares of 0.075p each
Issued shares . 0) 1,225
Balance at 31 March 2020 . 77,706

103,607,638 ordinary shares of 0.075p each

(i) During the year, 1,632,764 ordinary shares were issued by the Company to the employee benefit trust ("EBT") for potential
future satisfaction of share incentive plans. In addition, the Company bought-back 172, 719 shares from prior employees at
nominal value and also transferred these to the EBT.

Alpha employee benefit trust ,

The Group held 2,669,429 (FY 19: 476,206) shares in the EBT to satisfy share options granted under its joint share ownership

plan (“JSOP”). Unallocated ordinary shares held within the EBT have no dividend or voting rights.

Treasury shares
The Group held nil (FY 19: nil) shares in treasury from prior employees for nominal value.

21. Share-based payments .

The Group has adopted a globally consistent share incentive plan ncaa which is implemented using efficient jurisdiction
specific plans, as appropriate.

The Management Incentive Plan ("MIP") .

The Group has a MIP to retain and incentivise the Directors and senior management. The MIP consists of four parts: part A of
which will enable the granting of enterprise management incentive and non-tax ‘advantaged options to acquire shares; part B of
which will enable the awarding of SOPs; part C of which.will enable the awarding of restricted stock units ("RSUs") for
participants in the US; and Part D of which will enable the awarding of RSUs in France (together the “options").

Options granted in the current and prior years to the Directors and senior management of the Company are subject to the
fulfilment of two or more of the following performance conditions: (a) a specific business unit EBITDA, or other personal targets
and goals; (b) the Group achieving a total shareholder return for the 3 years from date of award, in excess of the average total
shareholder return of a peer group of comparable companies; and (6) the.Group achieving at least 10% EPS growth against the
comparative financial year.

MIP awards have either nil exercise price payable (or no more than a nominal purchase price payable) in order to acquire shares
pursuant to options. MIP awards have either 3 or 4 year vesting periods from the date of grant and can be equity settled only.



===== page 155 =====
153

' : Annual Report 2020

The Employee Incentive Plan (“EIP")

In addition to the MIP, in the year ended 31 March 2018, the Board ‘put in place a medium-term EIP. Under the EIP, a broad base
of the Group’s employees have been granted share options or share awards over a small number of shares. The EIP will be
structured as is most appropriate under the local tax, legal and regulatory rules in the key jurisdictions and therefore varies
between those jurisdictions. :

At 31 March 2020 a total of 3,374,881 share option and award grants were made to employees and senior management during
the period (FY 19: 407,258). 7

Details of the share option awards made are as follows:

FY20
Weighted
M Number of average
ie fe ee shareoptions _ exercise price
Outstanding at the beginning of the year y Soe 3,198,286 -
Granted during the year . : 3,374,881 -
Exercised during the year . - -
Forfeited during the year (82,506) -
Expired during the year soe - -
Outstanding at the year end 6,490,661 -

Exercisable at the year end - -

No share options were exercisable in the year. 5
The options outstanding at 31 March 2020 had a weighted average remaining contractual life of 2 years and a nil or nominal
exercise price.

During the year ended 31 March 2020, options were granted on,19'June'2019 and 13 January 2020 to employees and certain
senior management. The weighted average of the estimated fair values of the options outstanding is £0.77 per share (FY 19: £0.78).

The MIP share options were valued at award using the Monte Carlo option pricing model. The model simulates a variety of possible
results, across 10,000 iterations for each of the options,-by substituting a range of values for any factor that has inherent uncertainty
‘over a number of scenarios using a different set of random values from the probability functions. The model takes any market-based
performance conditions into account and adjusts the fair value of the options based on the likelihood of meeting the stated

vesting conditions.

The inputs into the model were as follows:

FY20
Weighted average share price at grant date . ‘ . 2.19
Exercise price -
Volatility 22%
Weighted average vesting period ‘ 3
Risk free rate , 0.51%
Expected dividend yield 3.00%

Expected volatility was determined by calculating the historic volatility of the market in which the Group operates. The expected
expense calculated in the model has been adjusted, based on management’ 's best estimate, for the effects of non market-based
performance conditions and employee attrition.

The Group has also applied incremental increases in the assumed, likelihood of vesting for share options as the vesting date
approaches in line with individual entity performance to-date against the Group's approved budget, and the other performance
conditions listed above. ok


===== page 156 =====
154

Annual Report 2020

Notes to the consolidated fener statements continued

21. Share-based payments
The EIP share options outstanding were valued using a Black-' eas model using the same inputs as above.

The Group recognised a total expense of £1.3m related to equity settled share-based payment transactions in the current year,
including relevant social security taxes (FY 19: £0.9m). Given the estimation, were the future performance conditions for ail
outstanding share options assumed to be met, the charge in the year would increase by £0.4m.

Other assumptions associated with the calculation of the social security tax liability due on vesting of share options include an
estimation of the forward-looking share price at the vesting date based on applicable analyst research and applicable future tax
rates, For these purposes, share price is assumed to grow in line with the performance of the business, Reasonable changes in
this specific estimate do not have a material impact on the expense incurred in relation to social. security costs or share based
payments in the year.

22. Financial instruments

Carrying amount of financial instruments
The carrying amounts of the financial assets and liabilities include:

Restated
oo FY 20 FY19
£7000 £7000
Financial assets measured at amortised cost
Cash and cash equivalents at 25,996 18,581
‘Trade and other receivables yy @ 20,185 18,179
Total financial assets ei 46,181 36,760
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost 7
Interest bearing loans and borrowings : : 6,000) -
Trade and other payables weties (ii) (24,593) (17,765)
Lease liabilities i (2,669) -
Other non-current liabilities . (7,104) (486)
Total financial liabilities (39,366) (18,251)

(i) Trade and other receivables includes contract assets but excludes other debtors and prepayments.
(li) Trade and other payables excludes contract liabilities

The book value of the financial instruments is deemed to be approximate to fair value.

The Group's financial instruments comprise cash and cash equivalents, items such as trade payables and trade receivables that
arise directly from its operations, and bank borrowings. These financial instruments arise in the ordinary course of business and
their main purpose is to provide finance for the Group's operations.

Also contained within the Group's financial instruments is isa liability for the issuance of loan notes as part of the deferred
consideration for the acquisition of Obsidian Solutions’ Limited: As at 31 March 2020, the Group has recorded the liability at fair
value of £1.7m, which is payable within six months of | ‘the year end.

The Group's operations expose it to a variety of financial risks including market risk, credit risk, liquidity risk, interest rate risk,
and foreign currency exchange rate risk. The Board has. ‘overall responsibility for internal contro! and risk management by the
Group. In this structure, the Audit and Risk Committee manages the processes of reviewing the quality of internal controls that
are related to the financial performance of the Group, as delegated by the Board. The policies set by the Board of Directors are
implemented by the Company's finance team.

35 Comparative period disclosure has been restated to include earn-cut costs relating to acquisitions as a financial lability measured at amortised cost


===== page 157 =====
mae PE 155
7 Annual Report 2020

Market risk 7
Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, including foreign exchange and interest rates, will affect the Group's income
or the value of financial instruments held at the year end. The Directors do not consider this to be a significant risk to the Group.

Credit risk

The Group's credit risk is primarily attributable to its trade receivables. The Group has policies that require appropriate credit
checks on potential customers before sales are made. The Group has provided for a lifetime expected credit loss against the
trade receivables balance at the balance sheet date. Refer to note-15 for.further details.

Were the expected credit loss rates applied to receivables by th

> ip to increase by 1% for each ageing category, the resulting
additional credit loss to the Group would be £0.2m. oh :

Interest rate risk é :

The Group has interest-bearing assets and interest-bearing liabilities. interest-bearing assets comprise only cash and cash
equivalents that earn interest at a variable rate. The Group’s revolving ‘credit facility attracts a variable rate of interest. Given the
Group's limited indebtedness, the Directors do not currently engage in hedging transactions and will revisit the appropriateness
of this policy should the Group's operations change in size or nature. The Group has no derivative transactions outstanding at
31 March 2020. :

As at 31 March 2020, given the low levels of interest charged on these balances, if LIBOR had increased or decreased by 0.5%,
the effect on post-tax profit and equity would have been minimal. uh

Liquidity risk :
The Group maintains a committed revolving credit facility cRcF”) alongside its cash balances, designed to ensure it has
sufficient available funds for operations and planned expansions. The Group monitors its levels of working capital to ensure that
it can meet its debt repayments as they fall due.

Foreign currency exchange rate risk

The Group is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk mainly as a result of trade receivables and payables that will be
settled in euros and US dollars. During the year, the Group did, not enter into any arrangements to hedge this risk, as the
Directors did not consider the exposure to be significant given’ ‘the short- term nature of the balances. The Group will review this
policy as appropriate in the future.

The impact on the Group's net fee income arising from a 5% adverse movement in all foreign exchange rates relevant to the
Group has been calculated as being £1.4m (1.6%) in FY 20. The same sensitivity would also result in a decrease in the Group's
net assets of £0.6m.

GBP Euro USD CHF SGD NOK DKK AUD CAD HKD
"000 “000 ‘000 ‘000 000 ‘000 ‘000 "000 “000 "000
Trade receivables 8537 4,584 4,486 661. 1071 1,270 6,770 407 677 23
Cash 14,397 5,689 4,322—1,256 i66 = 30311410 279 647 28
Trade payables (1,503) (121)_—_—(685) @) 8) (193) (17) @7) 85) (42)
Total 21,431 10,152 8123 «4,876 ~«. «+1199 1,470 _—*18,003~—589_—*1,289 9

23. Capital risk management

The Group's objectives when managing capital are to safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern, in order to provide
returns for shareholders and maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

The Group defines capital as being share capital plus all reserves, which amounted to £91.4m as at 31 March 2020 (FY 19:
£89.1m). The Board of Directors monitors the level of capital as cornpared to the Group's long-term debt commitments and
adjusts the ratio of debt to capital as is determined to be necessary, by issuing new shares, reducing or increasing debt, paying
dividends and returning capital to shareholders. The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements.


===== page 158 =====
156

‘Annual Report 2020 . Tels

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

24. Related party disclosures

Related parties, following the definitions within IAS 24, are the Group's subsidiary companies, members of the Board, key
management personnel and their families, and shareholders who have control or significant influence over the Group.

The Group considers the Directors to be the key management personnel. There were no transactions within the year in which
the Directors had any interest. The Remuneration Committee Report (refer to p. 96) contains details of Board emoluments.

Transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries are ‘on an arm's length basis and have been eliminated on consolidation
and are not disclosed in this note. None of the Group's shareholders are deemed to have control or significant influence and
therefore are not classified as related parties for the purooses of this note.

25. Events after the reporting period,

The Group consider that the outbreak of COVID-19 globally represents an adjusting event at the balance sheet date on the basis
that the significance of the social and economic impact was apparent at that date. The Group has therefore considered all
conditions up to the date of issuance of the financial statements as adjusting events. As disclosed in note 1, the impact of
COVID-19 has been assessed in relation to: impairrnent of non-financial assets (note 12), going concern (note 1), and expected
credit loss (note 15). : .

Renewal of the Group's revolving credit facility
The Group has one principal bank facility which,.as at 31 March 2020, comprised a £5.0m committed revolving credit facility
("CF") with Lloyds Bank ple, signed in October 2017 on AIM admission, and expiring in October 2020.

Subsequent to the year end, in June 2020, the Group signed; an extension and upscaled its RCF with Lloyds Bank plc to provide
further funding flexibility. This amended RCF totals £20. om an is for an initial three year term expiring in June 2023, with two

4-year extension options subject to lender approval. The facility is unsecured, instead guaranteed by the Company and certain
subsidiaries. Drawings under this facility are charged interest at 2.1 per cent over LIBOR and the facility attracts an annual
commitment fee. The loan has two covenants testing t that the leverage ratio of net debt to adjusted EBITDA does not exceed
two times, and that interest cover exceeds four times. An arrangement fee was payable on signing.

26. Ultimate controlling party,

As at 31 March 2020 there is no ultimate controlling any. : i



===== page 159 =====
_ 157

Annual Report 2020

Company statement
of financial position.
As at 31 March 2020

~ Asat Asat
: ‘31 March 202031 March 2019
Note £7000 £7000
Assets . ‘
Non-current assets : aan f
Investments . . 2 9,234 1,344
Deferred tax asset : 517 -
Total non-current assets . 9,751 1,344
Current assets : -
Trade and other receivables 3 111,881 110,329
Cash and cash equivalents ot . - -
Total current assets 111,881 110,329,
Current liabilities : _
Corporation tax yt 870) a)
Trade and other payables . one . 4 (16,468) (8,533)
Total current liabilities : ro (16,838) (8,534)
Net current assets ee , 95,043 401,795
Non-current liabilities
Borrowings ° : - -
Deferred tax provision ; ue ~ 7)
Other non-current liabilities BL, 5 (76) -
Total non-current liabilities (76) (27)
Net assets : , 104,718 103,112
Equity
Issued share capital : 78 76
Share premium ee : 89,396 89,396
Capital redemption reserve - 1
Other reserves ‘ Hue 1,517 600
Retained earnings ' ne 13,727 13,039
Total Shareholders’ equity 104,718 103,112

As permitted by section 408 of the Companies Act 2006, a separate statement of comprehensive income of the parent company
has not been presented. The parent company’s profit for the year was £6.9m.

The notes on pp 160-66 form part of these financial statements. These financial staternents were approved and authorised for
issue by the Board of Directors on 24 June 2020..They were signed on jts behalf by:

ckh

Euan NB Fraser John C Paton
Global Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer .


===== page 160 =====
158

Annual Report 2020

Company statement
of cash flows
For the year ended 31 March 2020

Year ended Year ended
‘31 March 2020 31 March 2019
£7000 £7000
Cash flows from operating activities:
Operating profit/(loss) for the year 7 (137) (860)
Acquisition related costs = -
Share-based payment charge ‘ 93 430
Operating cashflows before movements in'working capital: © ° = (44) (430)
Working capital adjustments:
(Increase)/decrease in trade and other receivables Moos (6,912) (6,130)
Increase/(decrease) in trade and other payables TR 6,956 6,560
Tax paid - 7
Net cash generated from operating activities - -
Cash flows from investing activities:
Acquisition of subsidiary Poop. OP 7 7
Amounts owed to Group undertakings 7 - -
Net cash used in investing activities - :

Cash flows from financing activities:

Issue of ordinary share capital . -
Interest paid nea -
Dividends received . -

Dividends paid a 7 a
Net cash used in financing activities a ee

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents af

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period ~ . -
Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash held -

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period ial



===== page 161 =====
189

‘Annual Report 2020
Company statement
of changes in equity
For the year ended 31 March 2020.
Capital

Share Share redemption _ Other Retained

capital premium * reserve reserves earings Total

£7000 £7000 £000 £000 £000 £7000
As at 1 April 2018 7 89,396 - 191 (964) 88,700
Comprehensive income ae
Profit for the period - = - - 19,690 19,690
Foreign exchange differences on :
translation of foreign operations > - - - - -
Transactions with owners ee
Shares cancelled (equity) q) - 1- - - -
Share-based payment reserves ~ sty, - 409 - 409
Dividends - 2 - - (6,687) (6,687)
As at 31 March 2019 76 89,396 *: 1 600 13,039 103,112
As at 1 April 2019 76 89,396 1 600 13,039 103,112
Comprehensive income a
Profit for the period - a - 7 6,945. 6,945
Transactions with owners /
Shares issued (equity) 2 - (0), = () -
Share-based payment reserves - - - 917 - 917
Dividends = co - bed (6,256) (6,256)
As at 31 March 2020 78 89,396 bd 1,517 13,727 104,718
Share capital . Other. reserves

Share capital represents the nominal value of share capital’ ©
subscribed for. ‘

Share premium

The share premium account is used to record the aggregate
amount or value of premiums paid when the company’s shares
are issued at a premium, net of associated share issue costs.

Capital redemption reserve

The capital redemption reserve is a non-distributable reserve
into which amounts are transferred following the redemption
or purchase of the Company's own shares.

The other reserves, represent the cumulative fair value of the
IFRS 2.share-based payment charge to be recognised each
year and equity-settled consideration reserves.

Retained earnings

The retained earnings reserve represents cumulative net gains
and losses recognised in the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income.



===== page 162 =====
160

Annual Report 2020

Notes to the Company
financial statements

1. Summary of significant accounting policies

General information
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc (the “Company") is a public company incorporated, domiciled and registered in England,
in the UK. The registered number is 09965927 and the registered address is 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB.

The parent company financial statements present information about the Company as a separate entity and not about its group.
Basis of preparation
These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the

European Union and interpretations issued by the IFRS Interpretations Committee.

The Company financial statements are prepared on the historical Gost basis. Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale
are stated at the lower of previous carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell.

The presentational currency of these financiai statements’and the functional currency of the Company is pounds sterling. All amounts.
in these financial statements have been rounded to the nearest £1,000.

Going concern
The Directors have, at the time of approving the financial statements, a reasonable expectation that the Company and the Group
has adequate resources to continue in operation for the foreseeable future.

Impact of Coronavirus (COVID-19)

The Directors note that the World Health Organisation declared a 3 pandemic relating to COVID-19 on 11th March 2020, and social
distancing measures were introduced in key Alpha territoriés during March 2020. Therefore, the Directors have considered the
significance of the economic ramifications of the virus before, the end of the Company's financial year and its potential effect on
the Company's financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2620.

‘The Company is a holding company and no going concern issues have been identified arising as a result of COVID-19, nor generally
as the Company financial position is closely linked to that.of the consolidated Group.

Principal accounting policies
The accounting policies set out below have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods presented in these
Company financial statements.

The Directors have not made any judgements, apart from those involving estirnations, in the process of applying the Group's
accounting policies that are considered to have a significant effect, on the amounts recognised in the financial statements for the
period ending 31 March 2020.

The Directors have identified the only estimate deemed to. have signi ficant risk of resulting in a material adjustment to the carrying
amounts of assets or liabilities within the next financial year to be related to share-based payments as described below.

Share-based payments

Management have estimated the share-based payments’ expense Under IFRS 2. In determining the fair value of share-based
Payments, management have considered several internal and external factors in judging the probability that management and
employee share incentives may vest and in assessing the fair value‘of share options at the date of grant. Such assumptions.
involve estimating a number of future performance and other factors. The fair value calculations have been externally assessed
for reasonableness in the current and prior period.

Share-based payment expenses recorded in the period are in'respect of the share incentives of the Directors of the Company,
as while they are employed by another Group entity, their services are considered to benefit the Group and the Company directly.



===== page 163 =====
161

Annual Report 2020

Shares held in Treasury or by Alpha’s employee benefit trust (“EBT”)
Shares held in Treasury or by Alpha’s EBT represent the shares of Alpha Fifancial Markets Consulting pic. These shares are recorded
at cost and are deducted from equity. . !

Investments in subsidiaries : Sarr
Investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost less any provision for impairment. The Company monitor for indicators of impairment
at each reporting period, and a full impairment assessment is performed on an annual basis.

The Directors have considered the impact of the outbreak of COVID-19 in assessing the recoverable amount of the Company's
Investments in subsidiaries balance as part of the annual impairment view, The Directors have deemed that there is no impairment
required in the current year.

Dividends policy aa
Group dividends proposed by the Board are recognised in the Financial stateinents when they have been approved by shareholders.
at the AGM. Interim dividends are recognised when they are paid. .
Financial assets

Financial assets are initially measured at fair value plus or minus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or
loss, transaction costs. The Company has not reclassified any financial assets subsequent to initial recognition as at the balance
sheet date. Reclassification of classes of financial. assets is accounted for prospectively in accordance with IFRS 9, where this is
required. Any difference on reclassification from amortised cost to fair value through profit or loss is recognised in the profit and
loss at the reclassification date. “

Financial assets are assessed at each reporting date to determine a lifetime expected credit loss that reflects the credit risk associated
with the portfolio of assets. A financial asset is impaired in line with the: ersimplified approach under IFRS 9, which uses a lifetime
expected loss allowance. a

An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured at amortised Gost is calculated as the difference between its carrying
amount and the present value of the estimated future cash flows’ discounted at the asset's original effective interest rate. For financial
instruments measured at cost less impairment, impairment is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the
best estimate of the amount that the Company would receive for the asset if it were to be sold at the reporting date. Interest on
the impairment asset continues to be recognised through the unwinding of the discount. Impairment losses are recognised in
profit or loss. When a subsequent event causes the amount of the ,impai nent to decrease, the decrease in impairment loss is
reversed through statement of comprehensive income. * it

Amounts owed by Group undertakings
Amounts owed by Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less
provision for impairment. A provision for impairment of intercompany receivables is established using an expected credit loss model.

Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and call deposits. Bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand and form

an integral part of the Company's cash management are included as a component of cash and cash equivalents for the purpose
‘only of the cash flow statement.

Financial liabilities and equity ‘ : ,

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities designated
upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss. Financial- liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are acquired
for the purpose of selling in the near term. This category includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Company
that are not designated as hedging instruments in hedge relationships as defined by IFRS 9. As at 31 March 2020, the Company
had no such financial liabilities.

Current and deferred income tax

‘Taxation expense on the result for the period comprises current and defened income tax. ‘income tax is recognised in the consolidated
statement of comprehensive income, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in equity, in which case It is
recognised In equity. .


===== page 164 =====
162

Annual Report 2020 . Y a

Notes to the Company financial statements continued

1. Summary of significant accounting policies continued
Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the'taxable income for the period, using tax rates enacted or substantively
enacted at the balance sheet date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous periods.

Deferred tax is provided using the balance sheet liability méthod, providing for temporary differences between the carrying amounts
of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. The amount of deferred tax
provided is based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities, using tax
rates enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer
probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to ailow all or part of the asset to be recovered. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities, and when
they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the Company intends to settle its current tax assets and
liabilities on a net basis. :

Employee benefits

Share-based payments

The cost of share-based employee compensation arrangements, whereby employees receive remuneration in the form of shares
or share options, is recognised as an employee benefit expense in the statement of profit or loss.

The total expense to be apportioned over the vesting period of the benefit is determined by reference to the fair value (excluding
the effect of non market-based vesting conditions) atthe date of grant.

In determining the fair value of share-based payments under,IFRS.2, management has considered a number of internal and external
factors In order to judge the probability that management and employee share incentives may vest. Such judgements involve
estimating future performance and other non market-based factors.

At the end of each reporting period the assumptions underlying the number of awards expected to vest are adjusted for the effects
of non market-based vesting conditions to reflect the conditions prevailing at that date. The impact of any revisions to the original
estimates Is recognised in the statement of profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to equity. Fair value is measured by
the use of a binomial model. The assumptions have. been ‘adjusted, based on management's best estimate, for the effects of
non-transferability, lack of dividend until vesting and exercise restrictions.

The fair value calculations have been externally assessed as reasonable in the circumstances.

Changes In accounting policy
In these financial statements the Company has changed its, .ecounting Policies in the following areas:

Adoption of IFRS 16 and IFRIC 23

The Company has adopted the following IFRSs in these financial: Statements:
«IFRS 16 Leases (IFRS 16); and ”
» IFRIC 23 Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments (el IC 23) *

There have been no adjustments with respect of these adoptions



===== page 165 =====
* : 163

Annual Report 2020

2. Fixed asset investments

£'000
Cost
At 1 April 2018 a sees
Additions Lt : “
Disposals : ‘a ; 7
At31 March 2019 - Tt aE
Additions : 7 1300
Disposals So He °
At31 March 2020 D " 7 7 aia

‘The Company's fixed asset investments are all in relation to investments in gubsidiaries. The Company holds no tangible fixed assets.
: :

Additions in the year represent the acquisition of a new subsidiary, Axxsys Ltd (“Axxsys") and its subsidiaries in the period.

The undertakings in which the Group's and Company's interest at the period end is more than 20% are as follows:

Class and Class and

percentage of percentage of

Country of Registered Principal shares held shares held

Subsidiary undertakings incorporation. address z activity 31 March 2020 31 March 2019
Alpha FMC Trustees Limited UK 1 Dormant 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Midco Limited UK 1 intermediate holding company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Midco 2 Limited UK Intermediate holding company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited UK Intermediate holding company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary

Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited UK
Alpha FMC Group Nominees Limited UK

Intermediate holding company 100% ordinary _ 100% ordinary
, Group services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary

Alpha FMC Group Limited UK +: Intermediate holding company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets 7 Totes

Consulting Group Limited UK 1 Intermediate holdirig company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets toe

Consulting (UK) Limited UK 1 Consultancy services 100% ordinary —_ 100% ordinary
Alpha Technology Services : os

Consulting Limited UK 1 . a Dormant 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Data Solutions Limited UK 1 .  Consultancyservices 100% ordinary —_ 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets .

Consulting Inc. USA 2 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets .

Consulting S.A.S. France 3 Consultancy services 100% ordinary —_ 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets .

Consulting S.A. Luxembourg 4 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Ve aan

Consulting Netherlands B.V. Netherlands 5. Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets

Consulting Switzerland S.A. Switzerland 6 .._;Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary

Track Two GmbH Germany 7 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary



===== page 166 =====
164

Annual Report 2020

Notes to the Company financial statements continued
2. Fixed asset investments continued te

Class and Class and
. percentage of percentage of
Country of | Registered Principal shares held shares held
Subsidiary undertakings incorporation _address so activity 31 March 2020 31 March 2019
Alpha Financial Markets a a .
Consulting Singapore Pte. Limited Singapore 8 « Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets .
Consulting Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong 9 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets
Consulting Australia PTY Limited Australia 10 Consultancy services 100% ordinary n/a
Axxsys Limited UK 1 Consultancy services 100% ordinary na
Axxsys Financial Software
Consulting Canada Limited Canada 12 Consultancy services 100% ordinary n/a
Axxsys Consulting USA Inc USA 213 Consultancy services 100% ordinary na
Axxsys Danmark ApS. Denmark 14 Consultancy services 100% ordinary a
Obsidian Solutions Limited UK 1 Consultancy services 100% ordinary nla
Alpha Technology Services 7
Consulting S.A.S France 3‘ + Consultancy services 100% ordinary va
Obsidian Alpha Data Solutions LLC Serbia 15. Consultancy services 100% ordinary na
1 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB
2 575 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY 10017, USA.
3 6 Square de L'Opera Louis Jouvet, 75008 Paris, France
4 19/21 route d'Arlon - bloc B, L-8009 Strassen, Luxembourg ©
5 Spaces Zuidas, Barbara Strozzilaan 101, 1083 HN, Amsterdam, The Netherlands
6 Bleicherweg 10, 8002 Zirich, Switzerland :
7 Mergenthalerallee 73-75, 65760 Eschborn, Germany
8 3AConway Circle, Singapore 558288

9  22/F., Neich Tower, 128 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Korig

10 383-385 George Street, Sydney NSW 2000

11 1800 - 13401 108th Avenue, Surrey, British Columbia V3T 5TS

12 New Broad Street House, 35 New Broad Street, London, EC2M 1NH

13. Incorp Services, Inc., One Commerce Center, 1201 Orange Street’ #600, Wilmington, Delaware 19899
14 Flaesketorvet 68, DK-1711 Copenhagen, V Denmark

15 Belgrade, Serbia at Bulevar kralja Aleksandra no. 52

a



===== page 167 =====
165

Annual Report 2020
‘Share capital Profit/loss)
&reserves —_for the period
Subsidiary undertakings £000 £000
Alpha FMC Trustees Limited - -
Alpha FMC Midco Limited (88) 6,909
Alpha FMC Midco 2 Limited -_ 20 6,909
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited 1,389 6,681
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited 3 29,425 7187
Alpha FMC Group Nominees Limited . aa - -
Alpha FMC Group Limited 2 7187
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited 12,190 10,212
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting (UK) Limited 19,170 10,101
Alpha Technology Services Consulting Limited - -
Alpha Data Solutions Limited (1,081) (874)
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Inc. 838 2,210
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting S.A.S. 7,701 1,175
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting S.A. 1,550 460
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Netherlands B.V. (403) (69)
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Switzerland S.A. (47) (40)
Track Two GmbH : (365) 58
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Singapore Pte. Limited 1,068 231
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Hong Kong Limited (12) Q)
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Australia PTY Limited 24 26
Axxsys Limited 1,509 365
Axxsys Financial Software Consulting Canada Limited b 231 79
Axxsys Consulting USA Inc - -
Axxsys Danmark ApS 1,045 774
Obsidian Solutions Limited 356 (95)
Alpha Technology Services Consulting S.A.S 44 =
Obsidian Alpha Data Solutions LLC - -
3. Trade and other receivables
FY 20 FY19
£1000 £'000
Amounts due within one year:
Trade receivables - -
Less: provision for impairment - -
Trade receivables - net - -
Amounts owed by Group undertakings 111,878 110,326
Other debtors 3 3
Total amounts due within one year 111,881 110,329

The Directors are satisfied that all outstanding amounts from subsidiary group undertakings are recoverable. Expected credit loss
In relation to amounts owed by Group undertakings was immaterial in both the current and prior year. Please refer to note 6.


===== page 168 =====
166

Annual Report 2020

Notes to the Company financial statements continued
4. Trade and other payables

FY 20 FY 19
£000 £000
Amounts owed to Group undertakings . . : 15,496 7,534
Other creditors . 563 563
Accruals and deferred income a Roo : 409 436
Total amounts owed within one year _ : 16,468 8,533
5. Other non-current liabilities °
FY 20 FY 19
£000 £'000
Deferred tax provision . . - a7
Other non-current liabilities c, . 76 -
Total amounts due after one year ' 76 27
6. Financial instruments :
Carrying amount of financial instruments ,
The carrying amounts of the financial assets and liabilities include:
FY 20 FY 19
£7000 £000
Financial assets measured at amortised cost 111,881 110,329
Financial assets measured at fair value : . . - 9,234 1,344
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost . (16,544) 6,533)

The book value of the financial instruments is deemed to be approximate to fair value.

The Group's financial instruments comprise intercompany: receivables ‘and trade and other payables. These financial instruments
arise in the ordinary course of business and their main purpose is to provide finance for the Group's operations.

The Group's operations expose it to credit risk arising from intercompany receivables. Management has overall responsibility for
internal control and risk management by the Company. Thé policies set by management are implemented by the Company's.
finance team. , :

Credit risk .

The Group's credit risk is primarily attributable to its intercompany receivables. The Company provides financing to other entities
within the Group on an unsecured and typically interest-free basis, repayable on demand. There is no collateral held on these
receivable balances. The expected credit loss on the Company's financial assets is measured annually based on historical
datapoints and an assessment of the forward-looking probability of default. The expected credit loss on the Company's intercompany
receivables is immaterial in the year ended 31 March 2020:

The Directors consider the intercompany receivables to represent a low credit ri8k and credit risk is not considered to have increased
significantly since initial recognition. The wider Group has a strong liquidity position and there is no current expectation by the
Directors for repayment of the intercompany balances." P


===== page 169 =====
167

naa Annual Report 2020

The mission of the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board: "ae below tables provide the numeric metrics relating to these
("SASB") is to develop and disseminate sustainability, accountings,” factors over the past 12 months where applicable, in addition
standards that help public corporations disclose material; -to the ‘interrial frameworks used to manage these risks on an
decision-useful information to investors. The Group is suppoltivé! oirig basis. Further qualitative data for each of the material
of the SASB framework as it allows organisations to provide . : .factors.is provided throughout the Annual Report. The Group
comparable and consistent ESG-related data. . -i also recognises the-increasing importance of the environment
7 ‘ 18 itsti vestors, employees and other stakeholders, which it
As a “professional and commercial services” organisation under", descri es in addition to the required disclosure.
SASB, the material factors according to the SASB framework | |,
are as follows: e
* Data security;
* Workforce diversity & engagement; and
Professional integrity.

Topic : 4h 7
Data Security ‘ }Risk Managernent: p. 45

Workforce Diversity & Engagement : + 4. Looking After Our Péople: pp 52-57

Professional Integrity . : ,Community & Corporate Social Responsibility: pp 60-67
Environment (additional to SASB requirements)’ - -. |! 'Envitonment: pp 68-69

ESG metrics:

Topic: Data Security
Measurement

Number of data breaches

FY19 ‘SASB Code
i) SV-PS-230a.3

sequently, the Group has developed and manages a

siumbeé r of key controls that enable data security risks to be

‘ontrolled and addressed as far as possible, which include:

£ +! fitaintenance of data protection policy;

Security procedures and controls;

.° ‘Operation of cloud-based system architecture with minimal
onsite data storage;

* “ata governance team with clear roles and responsibilities;
. | security assessments and accreditation to the

+ -GybérEssentials security standard;

_ Data protection user awareness and training;

¥-, ®; Physical Security measures and remote management

of devices.

iy

Description of approach to identifying and addressing data!
security risks: SV-PS-230a.1 ’
Alpha’s approach to surfacing and managing data seciirity
risks is technical and organisational. Alpha has identified a
number of key risk areas, which are monitored and checked ‘
including the misuse of data; accidental or intentional:
dissemination of data; loss, theft or compromise of data and/
or information; incorrect data being used for internal or .
external purposes; and unauthorised access of equipment
and/or facilities.

abs

Further detlls: A cyber securty event (a social engineer attack) occi¥red, high was contained within an hour of being Identified, and all impacted
Individuals were notified. The security event was notified to the IGO,however'investigation concluded that no further action was required given the
facts of the event and the remedial measures undertaken. The ingiderit was reported td the Action Fraud Police. A number of responsive actions also
took place, including: emphasis on user awareness training; enhancement of eriail protection and anti-spoofing controls; global application of
multl-factor authentication ("MFA"); development of security operations centre for enhanced monitoring and threat analytics



===== page 170 =====
168

Annual Report 2020

SASB Disclosure continued

Breach management ‘
Alpha fully understands the obligations it has towards
individuals and the organisations with which it works with
regards to the security of information. As such, the Group
operates a cohesive global breach management and response
function to assess, handle and address any data security. - i" |
breaches that arise. ‘

Overseen by the Chief Operating Officer, the breach
management function, which comprises representatives from
IT and infrastructure, operations, legal and client delivery, is
able to manage the assessment of business or client impact, .
risk containment and remediation, communication and °
regulatory notification (if and where required). .

Description of policies and practices relating to collection,
usage, and retention of customer information: SV-PS-230a.2
‘The Group's IT Steering Committee is the primary governance
forum for the oversight and management of issues, actions and
risks relating to Alpha’s IT infrastructure, including technology
and data security. It convenes monthly and comprises global
team representation and the Chief Operating Officer and the
Chief Financial Officer. The main areas of focus and monitoring
are physical environment security; employee awareness and
training; physical asset, data storage and data transmission; :
document security; and communications and networks.

Topic: Workforce Diversity & Engagement

In'managing and controlling data security risks and events, the
IT Steering Committee is supported by Alpha's data protection
governance, which includes a Data Protection Working Group.

Alpha follows a comprehensive information security and data
protection strategy that leverages a number of technical and
procedural controls to underpin how it creates, transmits,
processes and stores all types of data. These controls and
approaches are documented in Group’s suite of information

+; security policies that cover a range of mitigations and control
areas including but not limited to:

* Acceptable use

* Access management

* Asset management

* Data loss prevention

* Data protection, handling and retention
* Encryption

* Intrusion detection and prevention

**, Physical and environmental security

*. Threat analytics
+" “Training and awareness.

‘These policies are reviewed annually, approved at the executive

* level and align with all the applicable regulatory standards.

Measurement a FY 20 ‘SASB Code

Percentage of gender representation” SV-PS-330a.1
io : Prefer not

Level Male Female Other tosay

Executives, directors and equivalent 90.0% 10.0% 0% 0%

Managers, senior managers, associate directors

and equivalent 73.2% 26.8% 0% 0%

Analysts, consultants and equivalent 61.5% 38.5% 0% 0%

Overall split 29.6% 0% 0%

70.4%

37 Given the nature of the metrics, the percentages used as part of the SASB disclosure refer to total global headcount, |e. fee-generating consultants

as well as business operation teams



===== page 171 =====
169

: Annual Report 2020

Measurement . FY20 SASB Code

Percentage of racial/ethnic group representation (UK only). st . SV-PS-330a.1
Asian or Black or Mixed White or Prefer not

Level AsianBritish Black British. Background . -_|.White British Other tosay

Executives, directors . aa

and equivalent 0% 0% 88% 0% 12%

Managers, senior

Managers, associate

directors and

equivalent 8% 2% 81% 2% 3%

Analysts, consultants 7

and equivalent 20% 6% : 3% 69% 1% 0%

Overall split 1% 3% 3%, 78% 2% 3%

Employee engagement as a percentage® 88.25%  SV-PS-330a.3

Topic: Professional Integrity

Measurement : FY20 FY19 ‘SASB Code
Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated
with professional integrity” : . £0 £0 SV-PS-510a.2
7 Description of approach to ensuring professional integrity: It is the responsibility of the Alpha engagement lead, supported
SV-PS-510a.2 . . . by the client account owner. to ensure that client expectations.
Alpha is committed to delivering the highest relationship and __are met on each client project. The Chief Commercial Officer
delivery standards to all clients and prospective clients. As then oversees the engagement and satisfaction of clients with
part of this commitment, the professional conduct of the ‘ the Group’s products and service offering, ensuring that they
Group is at all times fair and professional, premised upon: are aligned to the Group's high professional standards.

* Promoting Alpha’s services honestly and fairly; 4
* Preserving the confidentiality and privacy of client businesses;
* Acting lawfully and ethically at all times; and .
* Delivering projects in line with the terms of the engagement
as well as any wider services agreements.

® For the first SASB disclosure, these percentages are available for the UK only, including all UK headcount except for the Axxsys business. The Group
will review how it can expand this data group to provide a more global view of how it is performing against the topic

2 Employee engagement is a blended rate taken from Group engagement surveys and global peer group feedback sessions

“© This covers losses arising out of legal proceedings against Alpha in connection with its relationship with clients and the delivery of professional
services to its clients .


===== page 172 =====


===== page 173 =====
171

‘Annual Report 2020

Notes


===== page 174 =====
172

Annuat Report 2020

Notes _ _



===== page 175 =====
Annual Report 2020

Company Information -

Directors and Advisers

Directors Nominated Adviser

ENB Fraser Grant Thornton

JC Paton 30 Finsbury Square

KFry London EC2A 1AG

PR Judd

NR Kent Broker
Joh, Berenberg, Gossler & Co.

Company Number 60 Threadneedle Street

09965297 London EC2R 8HP

Registered Office Company Secretary

Alpha Financial Markets Prism Cosec Limited

Consulting pic company.secretary@alphafn;c.com

60 Gresham Street 1 .

London EC2V 7BB Corporate and Investors’ Website
investors.alphafme.com

Auditor ae

KPMG LLP Client Website + ‘

‘St Nicholas House alphafme.com .

Park Row a

Nottingham NG1 6FQ '

Registrar vee
Computershare . '
The Pavilions ——
Bridgwater Road
Bristol BS99 62ZZ

Design: Graphical www.graphicalagéncy.com
Photography

!
Inside back cover, pp 1, 3, 12-13, 15, 19, 22, 23, 29,
30, 31, 33, 43, 45, 47, 49, 59, 60, 61, 77, 79, 89, 92,
101, 107 by davebrownphoto.com 1
pp 4, 7, 70-71, 72, 75, 85, 91, 110 by Alistair Lever

pp 24, 35, 39 (right), 55, 108-109 by
www.seanthephotographer.com

pp 16-17, 31, 48, 50-51, 69, 86 by www.letsmakeit.fr

pp 34, 39 (left), 56, 170 by Andrew Elko . :

