

===== page 1 =====
\

\

AN)

\
\\

™ T
\\

\

\

=>

\

IN

‘AAA8GZIY*
A10 05/08/2021 #52
COMPANIES HOUSE

THURSDAY



===== page 2 =====
lintrocuetion

Welcome to Alpha’s 2021.
Annual Report & Accounts

Perspsctive | Strategy | technical Bpertise | Data Selutions

Reacpariad tn fie UK ene) emeted en Te AlN cf the Loacion Stock Bohenga, Alpha Firencil
itt Gong ean fa rete ed cena es Oe
Imanagementawealthimanagenentrandlinsurancel

Agha has waked with CO of Gio wards top 40 esos menagaTS Gy AUM, ciong with a wie mga
foffotnedbuyssidepfirmsuliinasitne largesydedicatediteamintinenindustiygwithtneariyz4 O.consultants)
Gebel, qpauing tem 12 dianiHieing Clitecs ceamiing tre UK, Ewepa, Nerth Ameren and) Asia,

[Rommorelinformationwseelthenwebsited

welcome
0 pagans

URE Chairmans\2ep0r]

£m Global. chiel|executive Officens|Repory
A 2M AtlalGlance)

SOM Market|Overview)
f22miBusiness|Model

@ Seray

FS aE Sections JStatement]

Semi) Beriormance}indicators)

@® Riss

CMa principallgiskstandUncertainties)

[sam ookingrArtedOugeeonle)

@

@ hasyawlinisn

[SSI Communitylaicorporate Sociallesponsibilityy
Pam environmenvand[ Sustainability}

(0 BoardfoDirectors)
fs2iiVicettineDirectow

fem Chairman s[introduction)

[SOME Corporate| Governance,c ode)
[CorporateiGovernance|Repory
LoS Nomination. committee, Report]
poofAuditfandiRiskicommitte| Report}
boaiRemunerationfcommittee|Report
10 Ghestar Rapa
Pridincepencentaucitonsi enor

fi 22tChieliginanciakorficeys{teporl

bi 27{Consolidated[statementrogcomprehensiveincome)
bi 2e8[Consolidated[statementog financial position)

bi 29% Consolidated[statementforycashiflows}

bi 30fconsolidated}statemen tfof{changesiinfequity]

Bi 3 UNotesitofthefconsolidated}financial[statements)

B16 @companystatementrotsfinancialf position)

Bice Companyistatementfoficashiflows}

bi colCompanyistatementtot{changestinequityy

by olNotesttolinelC omoanygiinancial[statements)

ByZelESC] Metrics}
IBC TDirectorslandyAdvisers)

BAI onalpinancialliarkets{Consulting pice Alpnamines Companyalines GrouDg



===== page 3 =====
1

Annual Report 2021

Financial Highlights
Revenue Adjusted? EBITDA Operating profit
£98.1lm £21.7m £10.2m
(FY 20: £90.9m) +7.9% (FY 20: £20.2m) +7.2% (FY 20: £10.4m) -2.4%
Profit before tax Adjusted profit before tax Basic earnings per share
£9.0m £19.6m = 5.75p
(FY 20: £9.3m) -3.5% (FY 20: £18.6m) +5.3% (FY 20: 6.11p) -5.9%
Adjusted earnings per share Adjusted cash conversion Total dividend per share
14.91 111% 6.95

I1p 6 5p
(FY 20: 14.21p) +4.9% (FY 20: 106%) (FY 20: 2.10p)

Operational Highlights*

439 12

i 5
Clients‘ Offices Consultants’
(FY 20: 381) (FY 20:12) Fry,20%436)]
Includes 90% of the world's Office network provides ability to
deliver an exceptional service

top 20 asset managers proposition across all Riresincluding additionof
by AUM ey markets hii"global directors)

Gusihass Prasticas Acquisitions
[(FY,20:13) (FY 20: 2)

Ongoing review of strategic

ESG e Responsible Investment) opportunities with significant
practices launched] acquisition of Lionpoint

after year end

The Group uses alternative performance measures (“APMs") to provide stakeholders further metrics to aid understanding of the underlying trading
performance of the Group. These measures exclude non-operational costs including acquisition and integration costs, earn-out and deferred
consideration costs and share-based payment charges. Refer to note 4 for further details.

Al operational and financial highlights relate to the period ending 31 March 2021, and do not take account of Group size and figures following the
20 May 2021 acquisition of Lionpoint Holdings inc. (“Lionpoint’).

Client numbers are cumulative and have been updated to include all client relationships from acqui
Pensions Europe, “Top 500 Asset Managers 2021”.

‘The Group uses “office” to refer to office location: that is, if there are multiple offices in one location, they will be counted as one office.
“Consultants” and “headcount” refer to fee-generating consultants at the year end: employed consultants plus utilised contractors in client-facing roles.

ions. “World's top 20" refers to Investment &



===== page 4 =====
Strategic Report

4 Chairman’s Report q
7 Global Chief Executive Officer's Report ]
12. AtaGlance
16 Market Overview
22 Business Model q
32 = Strategy
34 Section 172 Statement |
38 Key Performance Indicators :
40 Risk Managemént
46 Principal Risks and Uncertainties +)
v ri
! -
ln
a
/

' The power

our peopleto |
grow the

usiness


===== page 5 =====


===== page 6 =====
4

Annual Report 2021

Strategic Report

Chairman's Report

Alpha made excellent progress towards

its major goals during 2021, despite the
challenges presented by the global pandemic.
It ended the year with strong momentum
across the business and the foundations

in place for substantial further growth.

Ken Fry
Chairman
24 June 2021

“The long-term industry
trends that fuel Alpha’s
growth - cost pressures,
regulatory change and

increasing assets under
management - remain in
place. We therefore look to

the future with confidence’

| am pleased to present the Annual Report & Accounts of the
Group for the 12 months to 31 March 2021. This has been a year
like few others, but Alpha responded admirably to the challenges
of COVID-19. The Group has advanced all its strategic objectives,
demonstrated great operational resilience and delivered an
excellent financial outcome in these extraordinary times.

The Alpha Board, supported by the executive team, remains
committed to the Group's strategic aim to be recognised as the
leading global consultancy to the asset management, wealth
management and insurance industries. Alpha pursues this aim
by differentiating itself, through a specialist high-quality service
offering and experienced consulting team, and diversifying

its business, through organic growth and the acquisition of
complementary businesses. The Board believes that the Group
has the correct strategy to deliver profitable growth and
ongoing value for its shareholders.

The Group is well positioned to achieve its growth ambitions by
developing new service offerings, investing in high-performing
people and acquiring complementary businesses. In this regard,
we are delighted to have welcomed Lionpoint to the Alpha
Group post the year end.


===== page 7 =====
Annual Report 2021

Overview of the Financial Year

Alpha has produced strong performances across all of its
geographic regions and continued to expand in North America,
which represents a significant growth opportunity for the Group.
Alpha has also progressed another key growth project: its
roadmap to move into the adjacent insurance industry. The
Pensions & Retail Investments (“P&RI”) practice in the UK

and the newly launched Insurance practice in France are both
gaining good traction and demonstrate the rapid progress that
Alpha is making on its strategic growth objectives.

The Group was also delighted to announce the successful
expansion of its service offering with the launch of the new
ESG (Environmental, Social, Governance) & Responsible
Investment practice. ESG is a topic of great strategic importance
for Alpha’s clients and therefore a crucial element of the
Group's service proposition, building on its acknowledged
expertise in organisational transformation and regulation.

Following the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic during early
2020, Alpha took pre-emptive action to preserve financial
flexibility. The Board’, senior leadership and broader director®
team took temporary salary sacrifices, employee profit share
payments were deferred, the final dividend for the year to

31 March 2020 was cancelled and recruitment was confined
to selective strategic hires.

However, thanks to the professionalism of Alpha’s teams in
maintaining momentum while transitioning to and successfully
sustaining remote working, the Group continued to progress
and deliver against its objectives. Its financial performance
strengthened throughout the year, producing results at the
higher end of market expectations. The Board was pleased to
reinstate the Group's dividend during the year, with the payment
of the interim dividend in December 2020, and the precautionary
financial measures in response to COVID-19 have now been
withdrawn. The temporary salary sacrifices taken by the Board,
directors and senior leadership team ended on 30 September
2020 as planned and have now been repaid in full, after the
year end. The formal departure of the UK from the European
Union at the end of 2020 passed with no material impact on
the Group, removing a degree of uncertainty from the market.

The Group has achieved annual revenue growth of 7.9% on
the previous financial year to £98.1m. | am also pleased to
report the Group's highest ever adjusted EBITDA of £21.7m
(FY 20: £20.2m) and growth in adjusted earnings per share
of 4.9% to 14.91p. Basic earnings per share was 5.75p, after
increased adjusting costs as set out in note 4 of the notes to
the consolidated financial statements.

Governance and the Board

The Group is well served by a robust corporate governance
framework, which it continues to develop to ensure that it
appropriately safeguards the interests of shareholders,
employees, clients and wider stakeholders. The Board is
committed to upholding very high standards of corporate
governance and ethical behaviour, which it regards as key to
reducing risk and securing long-term value for shareholders
and stakeholders. Its members bring extensive knowledge
of the asset and wealth management industry coupled with
substantial leadership experience to their roles.

As announced at the 2020 Annual General Meeting, Nick Kent
stepped down from the Board with effect from 1 September
2020. Nick founded Alpha in 2003 and led the Group as Chief
Executive Officer through its first decade of growth before
becoming a Non-Executive Director in 2013. The Board is
extremely grateful to Nick for his contributions to Alpha’s
success over the past 18 years and is pleased that he will
continue to support its work as an adviser.

As part of our commitment to review and evolve the Board's
governance framework, including enhancing its independence,
in July 2020 we welcomed Jill May to the Board as an additional
Non-Executive Director. Jill has significant experience of
financial services, regulation and public company governance
and, on her appointment, also joined the Audit and Risk,
Remuneration and Nomination Committees of the Board.

The Group is committed to achieving high levels of transparency
on ESG and sustainability issues, building on the ESG metrics
first disclosed in last year's Annual Report. It will continue to
develop its reporting in these areas in line both with mandatory
disclosure frameworks, such as the forthcoming requirements

7. “Alpha Board” is the Alpha Board of Directors, also referred to as the “Board of Directors”, the “Board” and the “Directors”.
* “Directors” refers to the executive and non-executive members of the Board; meanwhile “directors” refers to non-Board directors within the

management teams of the Group.


===== page 8 =====
6

Annual Report 2021

Strategic Report

Chairman's Report continued

set out by the Taskforce on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures,
and with our own determination to provide the most appropriate
and helpful non-financial metrics. In making all such disclosures,
the Group's intention is to enhance understanding of Alpha’s
approach to risk management and to demonstrate that it is a
business capable of generating sustainable, long-term growth.

Finally, in January we were pleased to announce the
appointment of Investec Bank plc as Nominated Adviser in
addition to its role as joint broker alongside Berenberg.

Strategy

Alpha’s goal is to be the leading global asset, wealth management
and insurance consultancy. The Board’s strategy for achieving
this has two main axes: geographic expansion to provide local
support for clients all over the world, and the transfer of our
teams’ industry-leading expertise and our strong client
relationships into complementary business areas. Within this
context, the Group is starting to capitalise on the huge
opportunity and make good progress in the North America
market. Relevant to the roll-out of the business model into
different service lines, the Group now has a clear roadmap to
achieve growth within insurance consulting, which is an adjacent
industry with enormous potential to accelerate Alpha’s
expansion over the next few years, initially within the UK and
Europe through its newly established business practices.

Although organic growth, by hiring and developing the world’s
strongest team of industry specialists, is the central plank of
our strategy, Alpha has already demonstrated its capability to
expand in strategically important areas through acquisition.
Obsidian and Axxsys, acquired during the previous financial
year, have significantly strengthened our offering in data solutions
and asset management technology consulting, respectively.
Further strategic acquisitions remain on the growth agenda.

Alpha will not reduce its efforts to hire the most talented
consultants with highly attractive incentive packages and a
working environment that is based on good communication,
effective support for employees’ wellbeing and a spirit of
close collaboration. The Group recognises the importance
of developing an active diversity and inclusion agenda and
managing environmental, social and governance issues
appropriately. It continues to develop and refine its approach
to these topics.

Dividend

In view of Alpha’s strengthening performance through the past
year and its good cash position at the year end, the Board is
recommending a final dividend of 4.85p per share, bringing the
total for the year to 6.95p (FY 20: 2.10p). Subject to shareholder
approval at the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) to be held

on 23 September 2021, the final dividend will be paid on

30 September 2021 to shareholders on the register at close of
business on 17 September 2021.

Outlook

It is still unclear how much longer COVID-19 will continue to
affect our daily lives. However, Alpha’s performance over the
past year has demonstrated that it is flexible and resilient
enough to thrive, even in the face of extraordinary challenges.
The Group has made excellent progress against all its strategic
growth objectives, including having acquired Lionpoint following
the year end, which marks a significant milestone in Alpha’s
growth journey.

The Group enters the current financial year in robust health with
substantially increased cash resources, strong levels of utilisation
across the teams and an excellent pipeline of new business
opportunities under discussion. The long-term industry trends
that fuel Alpha’s growth — cost pressures, regulatory change
and increasing assets under management - remain in place.
We therefore look to the future with confidence.

My thanks go to my fellow Directors, Alpha’s management
team and all employees for their outstanding professionalism
and teamwork. Together, they have guided the Group through
testing times to its current position of strength.


===== page 9 =====
7

Annual Report 2021

Global Chief Executive
Officer’s Report

We have made huge progress during an
exceptionally challenging time for our people,
achieving excellent financial results, broadening
our service offering and positioning the Group
for significant growth over the next few years.

Euan Fraser
Global Chief Executive Officer
24 June 2021

“Alpha enjoyed many
successes last year but
what stands out most is the

dedication of our people
and their exemplary
performance under
very testing conditions.”

Welcome to Alpha’s fourth set of full-year results as a public
company. | am delighted to report that we ended a year of huge
challenge and uncertainty with strong revenue and adjusted
EBITDA growth, an excellent business pipeline and key strategic
initiatives progressing well. We have demonstrated outstanding
resilience and the foundations are now clearly in place to achieve
our medium-term goal: doubling the size of the Group within
the next four years.

Alpha has enjoyed many successes over the last year but what
stands out most is the dedication and commitment of our
people. Their performance under extremely testing conditions
has been exemplary. Thanks to their efforts, Alpha was able to
adapt quickly to the changing situation and serve our clients
with the same diligence and flair as ever. This has allowed us
to report strong revenue and adjusted EBITDA growth.


===== page 10 =====
8

Annual Report 2021

Strategic Report

Global Chief Executive Officer's Report continued

The Group has also made significant strategic progress including
our continued extension into the insurance consulting market
and the launch of our strategically important ESG & Responsible
Investment practice.

COVID-19

The pandemic has tested the culture and values of every
company. Responding to it forced us to take difficult decisions
but, in doing so, | believe that we remained true to Alpha’s
values. We communicated clearly and regularly with our teams
and ensured that everyone shared in the sacrifices that had to
be made, whilst still recognising excellence and prioritising
growth. We continued to promote people and make selective,
strategic hires. The Board and senior leadership team all took
a temporary salary reduction of 40%, and our broader director
team a reduction of 20%. We also postponed payment of the
profit share scheme for FY 20 until the outlook had stabilised,
and we cancelled the final dividend for FY 20.

These pre-emptive measures conserved cash while we
monitored closely the macro environment and its impact on
the business. By the end of the first half of the financial year,
we were comfortable with the resilient business performance
and our success in winning new work without significant cuts
to our rates, which enabled us to reverse those measures
progressively. We paid the delayed profit share in November
2020 and, as a final step, after the year end, we paid back the
salary sacrifice that our Board, senior leadership and broader
director team had made.

The past year has been exceptionally tough, but it has also
brought into sharp focus the qualities that | believe make Alpha
so successful. The business that we have built over the past
18 years maintained its unbroken record of growth through the
toughest of circumstances, delivering some of the most complex
and demanding projects in the market as effectively as ever.

Summary of Financial Performance

Alpha’s success in transitioning seamlessly to remote working,
our teams’ strong utilisation rates and our significant new
business wins have together delivered excellent financial results.
Globally, we won 58 new clients during the year entirely from

organic growth (FY 20: 30, excluding acquisitions). Group net
fee income increased by 10.2% to £98.0m (FY 20: £88.9m),
adjusted EBITDA by 7.2% to £21.7m (FY 20: £20.2m) and
adjusted profit before tax by 5.3% to £19.6m (FY 20: £18.6m).
We ended the year with net cash of £34.0m (FY 20: £26.0m).

Both pillars of our growth strategy - expanding our service
offering and growing in key regional markets - are delivering
well. We are seeing good traction for our new service lines, the
latest being our ESG & Responsible Investment practice, and
our entry into the adjacent market for insurance consulting is
going well, with our France-based Insurance and UK-based
Pensions & Retail Investments practices making excellent
progress. We continued to hire across both teams during the
year to strengthen their propositions. Our regional growth
strategy is also firmly on track, with another strong year of
growth in North America delivered. Over the past year, the two
strategic acquisitions that we completed in FY 20 have been
fully integrated, with the Axxsys business making a particularly
strong contribution to the Group.

Given the Group's resilient performance, we were pleased to
reinstate the dividend at the interim stage and are proposing
a final dividend for FY 21 of 4.85p (FY 20: nil), giving a total of
6.95p for this year (FY 20: 2.10p).

Operational Review

The Group has seen consistent demand for its services
throughout the past year, with little sign that the pandemic

has affected our clients’ need for our specialist expertise and
consulting support. The launch of our ESG & Responsible
Investment practice is a significant step forward and addresses
an area of huge long-term importance for asset managers,
wealth managers and asset owners. The ESG & Responsible
Investment team is working on multiple projects with a strong
pipeline of business under discussion. Similarly, we can already
see that our move into insurance consulting is progressing well,
confirming our belief that there is a major long-term opportunity
for the Group in consulting to the insurance industry.

Among our established practices, Distribution, M&A Integration
and Operations & Outsourcing continue to perform well in all
our key regional markets. Newer practices including Digital
and Regulatory Compliance & Risk? are showing good growth.

® Updated from Regulatory Compliance practice to Regulatory Compliance & Risk in the period to reflect better the range of projects and services
delivered for clients and the breadth of subject matter expertise across the Alpha team.


===== page 11 =====
9

Annual Report 2021

Across the business, we were able to agree new projects with
resilient consultant fee rates overall and improving margin
performance towards the end of the period give us confidence
for FY 22 and beyond, as the market continues to normalise.

Alpha’s progress during the year is testament both to our
leading position in the market and to the long-term structural
drivers of demand for our services: reducing asset management
fees leading to universal cost pressures, new regulation and
growing assets under management. These factors are forcing
asset and wealth managers to optimise their technology and
processes, consider outsourcing back and middle-office
activities, and invest in technology to derive greater value and
efficiency from the data they hold. This all constitutes a strong
tailwind for Alpha, including our expanded technology consulting
and data products and services activities, which we augmented
in the previous year with the acquisitions of Axxsys and Obsidian.

Sustainability is a topic of huge importance for Alpha and, as we
grow, it becomes increasingly important for us to assess and
disclose how it informs the way in which we plan and operate.
Our overriding objective is to ensure that our business model
is sustainable in the long term and we therefore continue to
develop our ESG approach, building on the formal disclosure
framework that we outlined in our 2020 Annual Report.

We have learned that, alongside the significant challenges,
there are advantages in remote working both for our people,
who can manage their working day more flexibly, and for our
clients, who can draw on our global talent pool to address
their needs. We are therefore reflecting more broadly on the
lessons of the past year and how we can use them to improve
the way the Group operates in future.

Geographic Overview

Alpha’s global footprint allows us to support clients all over
the world as well as to deliver programmes covering multiple
territories for our largest and most international clients. Our
regional financial performance for the past year demonstrates the
‘strength of demand that we have seen in all parts of the world.

12monthsto 12months to
31 March 2021 31 March 2020 Change
Net Fee Income
UK £53.5m  - £50.5m «8.7%
North America £165m — £14.4m_— 14.4%
Europe & Asia £28.0m _——-£24.0m_ 16.9%
Total £98.0m _-£88.9m 10.2%
Gross Profit
UK £21.4m £22.2m (4.0%)
North America £4.4m £48m (6.1%)
Europe & Asia £9.0m £74m 21.6%
Total £348m —-£34.4m 1.2%
Asat Asat
31March 2021 31 March 2020 Change
Consultant Headcount
UK 223 27 2.8%
North America 78 68 = «14.7%
Europe & Asia 147 151 (2.6%)
Year-end totals 448 436 2.8%

The UK remains Alpha’s largest territory and delivered a strong
performance. Net fee income increased 5.7% year-on-year
thanks to our success in winning new business at solid rates.
We saw strong contributions from our M&A Integration, Distribution
and Operations & Outsourcing practices, and continued good
levels of demand for Axxsys's technology-focussed consulting
services. Against a challenging backdrop, Alpha’s excellent
reputation in the UK market worked strongly to our advantage
and we remain very confident about the strength of our service
proposition for clients, particularly as we continue to expand
and differentiate according to client demand. COVID-19 has
proved a more challenging backdrop with longer sales cycles
for Alpha Data Solutions (“ADS”), but the business goes into the
new financial year with a good pipeline and new project wins.

North America again delivered strong growth, with net fee
income up 14.4%. As well as adding a number of new domestic
clients in the region, we have continued to build on recently
created client relationships and are delivering large-scale
projects. This serves to demonstrate the relevance and strong
appeal of our service offering there. We have continued to
invest in growing the Alpha team accordingly, to capitalise


===== page 12 =====
10

Annual Report 2021

Strategic Report

Global Chief Executive Officer's Report continued

‘on the opportunity and demand that we see, as Alpha North
America reports the strongest headcount increase in the
Group. Our growth in North America has also been recognised
by Forbes, who identified Alpha as one of “America’s Best
Management Consulting Firms” in 2021. We see the huge
scale of the opportunity for Alpha in the world’s biggest asset
management market and we are making good progress in
building relationships with the largest asset managers there.

Our teams in Europe & Asia delivered 16.9% net fee income
growth for the year. Europe saw a resilient performance in the
first half of FY 21 and this market returned to strong growth in
the second half of the year. We see good long-term growth
prospects for Alpha in the Nordic countries and Central Europe
and will continue to build our presence in these markets.

We added four directors to our team in Europe during the year,
three in our asset and wealth management practices and one
new Axxsys Europe director who has also been appointed
Chief Innovation Officer for Axxsys. In Asia, Alpha enjoyed

a period of rapid growth, with a number of large projects
delivered for clients in Singapore and APAC more widely, and
a healthy new business pipeline for the current year.

Our People

Alpha’s people are the secret of our success and | am especially
proud of their performance during the past year, when they have
had to face personal difficulties while continuing to deliver
high-profile, complex projects for clients. Their exceptional
professionalism and commitment are the key reason why
Alpha has delivered such robust results this year and why it
enjoys a very strong reputation in all its markets.

Although it was smoothly executed, the transition to remote
working, without the opportunity to bring our teams together
for much of the year, created additional pressures for everyone
as they tried to balance professional commitments with the
demands of their personal lives. We designed a framework

to support our teams based on feedback from employees
across the Group. This addressed three main streams of work:
wellbeing — to inspire, motivate and support Alpha's people;
productivity — to optimise remote working practices and
collaboration; and technology - to ensure a continuous.
operational framework and effective remote technology solutions.

It has been critical to recognise that there has been a wide
range of reactions to remote working among our people and
that individuals needed varying levels of support to help them
manage the transition. | believe the efforts we have made in
this regard demonstrate the best aspects of Alpha’s culture
and we continue to evolve this framework to ensure that we
remain as connected and supportive as we can be.

We slowed external hiring during the first half of the year to
focus on selective strategic hiring only, while we took steps to
put the business on the strongest possible footing. We expanded
our team of revenue-generating directors by 11 during the year
(FY 20: 13), through promotions and selective hires. By the end
of March 2021, our global headcount increased to 448 (March
2020: 436) and we have returned recruitment overall to a more
normal pace.

Hiring and motivating the most talented people is fundamental
to our long-term success, which is why we felt that it was
crucial to carry on promoting high-performing people even
when conditions for our business were at their most uncertain.
Our highly skilled, hugely committed global teams allow us to
deliver unrivalled outcomes for our clients, which in turn drives
client loyalty and repeat business. In practice, this means that
we constantly assess how we best support and develop our
exceptional group of consultants and, in addition, we regularly
review the Group’s highly competitive proposition for
attracting and retaining the very best consulting talent.

Alpha’s unique culture and quality have always been an
important part of how we attract and retain the best candidates.
We are delighted that this strong culture and offering has been
recognised globally, for example by earning us a place in the
100 Best Large Companies to Work For (UK) list 2021.

Growth Strategy and Acquisitions

Alpha’s aim is to be recognised as the leading global consultancy
to the asset management, wealth management and insurance
industries, and we pursue both organic and inorganic growth
in delivery of this goal. Our strategy is both to increase the
range of services that we offer, most recently by adding our
ESG & Responsible Investment practice and building our
expertise in insurance consulting, and to expand our global
presence, particularly in North America.


===== page 13 =====
aa

Annual Report 2021

Our growth during the past year has been almost entirely
organic, although it was significantly strengthened by the two
acquisitions - Axxsys in technology consulting and Obsidian
in data products and services - that we completed in the year
to 31 March 2020. In both cases, the new businesses brought
us valuable local introductions and cross-selling opportunities
in the markets where they operate, as well as adding services that
have enhanced Alpha’s client proposition overall. The integration
of Axxsys has brought a strong technology-led consulting
offering to the Group’s core functions and incorporated a strong
pension client base, in particular extending our expertise in
SimCorp software and investment management platforms.
Obsidian has added a highly complementary software
development and product expertise within the ADS team,
while providing increased exposure to alternative assets.

Acquisitions remain a key part of the Group’s growth strategy
and we will continue to monitor opportunities that will strengthen
Alpha in key growth segments, including data and product
businesses and technology consulting firms that will broaden
the Group's service offering.

We were delighted to announce the acquisition of Lionpoint in
May 2021, which marks another significant milestone in Alpha’s
growth strategy. It represents a very strong strategic addition
into the alternatives investment market and North America
footprint. | look forward to working with Nick Moore, Jonathan
Balkin and the wider Lionpoint team, and we are excited about
the opportunity to grow the consolidated business together.

Current Trading and Outlook

The Group has emerged from the most testing year in our
history firing on all cylinders. Our financial results for the year
to 31 March 2021 demonstrate the resilience of our business
model and the quality of our people. We are seeing strong
demand for our services in all regions and have an excellent
pipeline of new business under discussion.

The results that we have achieved and the good progress that
we are making in the areas of our business that are targeted
for strategic growth - our developing insurance consulting
capability and our North American presence - show that we
have successfully put in place the foundations for a further
significant expansion of the Group. Our business enjoyed
growing momentum through the second half of FY 21 and that
has continued into the early part of the new financial year. All
of these factors increase our confidence that Alpha can
double in size within the next four years.

Finally, | would like to join with Ken in thanking all our people
for their fabulous efforts over the past year. They have
delivered consistently outstanding work and their team spirit
and professionalism has been second to none, and we are
very proud to have the best consulting team in the industry.



===== page 14 =====
12

Annual Report 2021

Strategic Report

Ata Glance:

creating a global
growth model

North
America

75+ Consultants

New York (2009)
Boston (2015)
Toronto (2019)

UK

220+ Consultants

London (2003)
Edinburgh (2016)

Europe

115+ Consultants

Luxembourg (2008)
Paris (2010)
Amsterdam (2015)
Geneva (2017)
Zurich (2019)
Copenhagen (2019)

Asia
25+ Consultants

Singapore (2017)



===== page 15 =====
13

Annual Report 2021

Our story so far...

Fit wes

© Casama tae tou ales tor Gr Gif
fqualityfoffourgteam

PE ocussedionfoutsourcingyoperational}
(changefand|M&Atintegrationgwithkemerging)
orsiroutionfancjinvestnenscapabiities’

aTiheniwe

(eMC apitalisedfonfouyreputation\iog
marketsleadingyconsultingladviced

fem Continuedjtoydeveloprconsulting
fsolutionsjacross|thefassetfand}

fwealtiimanagemeniichainy

We awes

o GEnisaNeghbel eqebihyen ceautiten
fogeelvenncwconechneyros ie nclerenG)
em comptes prepacts ta GO HAUSA

CR Committeditoagrowthystrategysthatyinvolves}
fexpandingiineusiness\organicall yang]
fthroughqhighivicomplementaryiacquisitionsy

Now wo wilk

PM continueltopouild[scalelbothiglobally}
fandacrossfatrangelofidomesticimarkets}
foy[orowingland{differentiating}iie)
servicefoffering J

i pursuegwithtmomentumougobjectivelto
[beyrecognisedjasitnelleadingjconsultancy,
fosthefasset[managementwealth}
[managementiandlinsurancelindustriesy



===== page 16 =====
14

Annual Report 2021

Strategic Report

At a Glance continued

2003 2009 2013 2015

Alpha is founded in US presence is Investment in Alpha by Alpha’s Diversity &
London as a provider of established, with the Baird Capital. Inclusion programme is
specialist consultancy opening of the New York launched.

services to the asset and office.

wealth management

industry.

2008 2011 2014

Europe presence is Creation of the New specialist practice
established, with Distribution and Front Alpha Technology
the opening of the Office practices. Services is launched.

Luxembourg office.

Alpha has been selected
#1 Consulting Firm
in France by Décideurs
Magazine 2021
in “asset management”

SDECIDEURS



===== page 17 =====
15

Annual Report 2021

2016 2018 2020

Investment in Alpha by Creation of the FinTech Creation of the ESG &
Dunedin, with Baird Capital & Innovation practice. Responsible Investment
exiting in full. Alpha has practice and Insurance
c. 200 consultants across practice in France.

six offices.

Creation of the

Investment Guidelines and
Regulatory Compliance &
Risk practices.

OO

2017 2019 2021

Asia presence is established, Creation of the ETF Alpha continues to
with the opening of the & Indexing practice. grow, reporting the
‘Singapore office. age most successful

Successful acquisition of ‘

- - wae i financial year to date,
Creation of the Digital Axxsys, including offices in
a with Group revenues
Practice. Acquisition of Toronto and Copenhagen. of £98.1m
TrackTwo; new specialist - , —

Creation of the Pensions & citi
practice Alpha Data Retail Investments practice. Successful acquisition
Solutions is launched. p . of Lionpoint"®, extending

f «i . a
Successful AIM admission Successfu acquisition Alpha’s alternatives
, nen of Obsidian, expanding
with a market capitalisation . .

the Alpha Data increasing the global
of £160m. Alpha has ‘ a .

Solutions proposition. footprint particularly in
240 consultants across .

A i North America.
nine offices.

3x winner of the
Funds Europe Consultant

of the Year award Timeline depicts calendar years

*© Acquisition of Lionpoint Holdings, Inc. took place on 20 May 2021, following the
FY 21 reporting period, however, is included within the 2021 calendar year.
Further details are set out in note 26.



===== page 18 =====
16

Annual Report 2021

Strategic Report

Market Overview

Alpha helps clients in asset management,
wealth management and insurance to adapt
to the structural trends shaping their markets
and develop business models that will deliver
long-term growth and profitability.

Market Context

Alpha is a leading consultancy to the asset management, wealth
management and insurance industries globally. The Group works
with organisations of all types across these industries, including
asset and wealth managers, investment platforms, pension
companies, intermediaries and service and infrastructure
providers, and extending from the largest international groups
to boutique firms.

Alpha’s consulting teams, organised across 15 business practices,
address almost every part of the value chain, except for advising
on investment decisions. As a professional services firm, Alpha
is therefore able to cover the full consulting lifecycle from strategy
to operating model and process design, vendor selection,
technology implementation, change delivery and support.

This comprehensive proposition has also been further enhanced
in recent years, through the development of the Group's Alpha
Data Solutions offering, to provide complementary data products
and services to clients. The ADS offering responds to and

addresses important and high-growth industry topics and

challenges such as strategic client data, distribution intelligence,
data platforms, efficiency and automation, and client experience.

COVID-19

Although COVID-19 had a profound impact on Alpha and its
clients, the Group made the transition to remote working quickly
and smoothly thanks to the professionalism of its people and
the cloud-based technology that surrounds its delivery of client
projects. Following the initial shock at the onset of the pandemic,
demand for consulting projects rebounded and the Group was
pleased with the utilisation levels achieved through the remainder
of the year.

The pandemic has accelerated several important industry-wide
trends. ESG and sustainability have gained in prominence and
people increasingly look to asset and wealth managers to
operate as a “force for good". ESG and responsible investment
is also the focus of much recent regulation and organisational
change drivers. The launch of Alpha’s ESG & Responsible
Investment practice during FY 21 signals the importance it
attaches to this theme for Alpha’s future growth as well the
opportunity that it offers for Alpha to work with those entities
in a way that means positively influencing the industry to
better meet the needs of the end saver and wider society.

Similarly, questions of diversity and inclusion have become
significantly more urgent and now touch all parts of the market.
The Group is actively developing its internal approaches and
focuses on this topic, as described further in the Role in Society
report, and looks forward to engaging within the industry as
clients and peers develop their policies to broaden their talent
pipeline and ensure their organisation fully supports a diverse
workforce at all levels.


===== page 19 =====
7

Annual Report 2021

The Group also recognises that COVID-19 has lent urgency to
clients’ ongoing drive to digitalise their operations and improve
their use of data for decision-making and reporting. These trends
play to Alpha’s growing strengths in technology consulting,
including through the Group's Axxsys brand, digital support
and capabilities, and client data solutions.

The shift to remote working has tested companies’ IT
infrastructure and operational readiness across the Group's
markets. As well as supporting clients in transitioning live
projects to be delivered remotely, in practical terms, Alpha over multiple years.
has provided insights and thought leadership to help clients
adapt to this shift. This information has focussed on employee
wellbeing, technology platforms for remote working, ways to
improve productivity and encourage collaboration, and
boosting teams’ morale. In doing this, the Group has drawn on
its own experiences of transitioning to remote working and
developing frameworks to ensure employees’ wellbeing and
help them make the adjustment. Further details of Alpha’s
internal initiatives can be found in the “looking after our
people” section, later in the Role in Society report.

including asset managers,
wealth managers, asset owners
and platform providers.

Structural Drivers

Aseries of long-term themes continue to shape the industry,
notably pressure on fees, regulatory change and growing
assets under management (AUM). The industry has strong
long-term growth prospects but must address a series of
challenges that arise from these structural trends. Alpha, with
its deep expertise, focussed industry proposition and highly
talented consulting team, is ideally positioned to assist.

operating globally.



===== page 20 =====
18

Annual Report 2021

Strategic Report

Market Overview continued

Clients’ principal challenges include the need to enhance
operating efficiency, protect margins, comply with significant
regulatory change and meet the evolving needs and expectations
of customers. The Group's expanding range of business practices
enables it to help clients through profitability benchmarking,
technology consulting and implementation, automation and
efficiency programmes, product innovation, improved sales
and marketing effectiveness and overall strategy reviews.

Buy-side firms are adapting to better meet customers’ needs in
a variety of ways including diversification of asset classes and
additional products such as multi-asset funds, liability-driven
solutions, ESG and sustainability-focussed strategies and
alternatives. Both regulators and customers are increasingly
concerned with ESG and responsible investment issues and
our new practice is already working with multiple clients to
design and implement effective strategic plans and processes in
this high-profile area of development for the asset management,
wealth management and insurance industries".

The COVID-19 pandemic has changed the way in which buy-side
firms engage with their customers and has challenged their
operating models. The drive amongst clients to digitalise
operations from front office to back has never been stronger.
Their efforts to capture “operational alpha” (an umbrella term for
efficiency, automation and cost optimisation) involve seeking
both operational benefits and improving the customer experience
for a generation that expects to manage their savings and
investments on demand via digital channels", The Group sees
digital strategy and innovation as a priority, with focus areas that
include implementing eSignatures and digital documentation
and launching online client dashboards"’. Alpha can respond
to this area of demand through its Digital practice as well as
complementary business propositions within Distribution and
FinTech & Innovation.

A predicted longer-term shift to more flexible working across the
industry following COVID-19, including working from home, will
also change the expectations of regulators around operational
resilience and risk management". Alpha sees this as an important
future area of concern for clients as they advance their operational
agenda. Through its Regulatory Compliance & Risk practice,

launched in 2016, Alpha has helped some of the world’s leading
asset and wealth managers to develop their compliance,
operational resilience and risk management frameworks.

Data management and data models are also becoming a critical
issue for firms. As AUM grows and customer numbers increase,
so do the volume and complexity of data required to maintain
the client book of record (CBOR)'®. Overhauling this complex
and time-consuming process, including via outsourcing, has.
become more urgent as clients work to improve the quality
and business value of the data they hold and deliver a superior
customer experience. Through the ADS offering, including its
proprietary CBOR solution, the Group can help clients reduce
operational expenditure while achieving a strategic data view
that can drive decisions and efficiency.

Firms are also adapting to the new environment by seeking
M&A opportunities"® to increase scale, add new capabilities
and products, and speed geographic expansion. Alpha has a
strong record of supporting clients in pre-M&A due diligence
and business case development, as well as in implementing
post-M&A integration plans. The Group believes that sellers
will increasingly be expected to provide data during due
diligence that can demonstrate the profitability of individual
products and aid the acquirer's pre-deal analysis. This is likely
to become an important focus, which Alpha’s M&A specialists
will support.

Geographic Demand

The structural drivers affecting Alpha’s clients are global in
nature and lead to similar demand for its services everywhere
it operates, although local regulatory regimes and geopolitical
factors also influence its various markets. The Group operates
a unified global network of offices and teams that share Alpha's
ethos of excellence in client service while retaining the flexibility
to respond to local demands and draw on specialist knowledge.

Alpha continues to invest in its network of 12 client-facing
offices in London, Edinburgh, Luxembourg, Paris, Geneva,
Zurich, Amsterdam, New York, Boston, Singapore, Toronto.

" Alpha Outlook 2021, “What will it take to be an ESG & Rl leader in 2021?” (December 2020).

* Alpha Outlook 2021, “Operational Alpha: a new name for an old topi

(December 2020).

8 Alpha Outlook 2021, “Digital advancements & risk management” (December 2020).

\ Deloitte, “2021 Investment Management Outlook” (December 2020).

'§ Alpha Outlook 2021, “Enterprise Client Book of Record (CBOR): powering the data-driven managers of the future” (December 2020).
‘© Bain & Company, “How M&A Will Reshape the Asset Management Industry” (February 2021).


===== page 21 =====
19

Annual Report 2021

and Copenhagen, as well as the development team based in
Belgrade that was acquired along with Obsidian. These offices
are key to the Group's growth strategy, enabling Alpha to form
close relationships with clients across the globe and to support
multinational clients on global engagements.

The Group sees significant opportunities to strengthen its
presence globally, particularly in North America, the world’s
biggest asset and wealth management market with over $60tn
in assets'’, and in Asia, which is experiencing the fastest increase
in AUM of any region thanks to rapid economic development
and the emergence of a large middle class'*. Whilst Alpha
continues to assess opportunities to strengthen its regional
presences, any expansion is predicated on identifying people
with the right knowledge and experience to uphold the Group's
brand, culture and values.

Competitive Environment

Alpha has a range of competitors providing consultancy and
related services, including professional services firms, specialist
global consulting businesses and local boutiques.

With asset and wealth management AUM forecast to continue
growing strongly the industries naturally attract strong interest
from professional services firms, notably the “Big 6”?°. However,
Alpha's specialist focus and excellent reputation amongst
clients, complemented by its proprietary knowledge, data
solutions, technology expertise and benchmarking information
put it in a very strong competitive position. Alpha has also
demonstrated its ability to understand and respond to the
structural trends shaping its markets via acquisitions, targeted
hires and the launch of new service offerings.

These strengths position the Group well and underpin
long-term relationships that yield cross-selling and repeat
business opportunities. Alpha’s well-regarded brand and
meritocratic culture enable it to reinforce its position by

_ attracting highly talented people at all levels, from new
graduates to experienced directors.

London, Edinburgh, Boston, New York,
Amsterdam, Luxembourg, Paris,
Geneva, Zurich, Singapore, Toronto
and Copenhagen.

70% of the top 50.

” BCG, “Global Asset Management 2020: Protect, Adapt and Innovate” (May 2020).
*@ JP Morgan, “Asia's decade: Getting ahead of the growth opportunity” (March 2021).
"| PWC, “Asset and wealth management revolution: The power to shape the future” (December 2020).

2 “Big 6" comprises PwC, KPMG, Deloitte, EY, Accenture and IBM.


===== page 22 =====
20

Annual Report 2021

Strategic Report

Market Overview continued

Addressable Market

Alpha engages with clients of all types, from small asset
managers with less than $1bn of AUM to large multinationals
with trillions of dollars under management. According to a
recent study, the asset and wealth management industry
continues to grow, controlling an estimated $110tn in assets
worldwide in 2020"; and AUM is expected to increase to an
estimated $147.4tn by 2025. Despite the impact of COVID-19,
the industry's fundamental trends are unchanged and its growth
prospects remain strong.

Aside from traditional asset and wealth managers, Alpha
serves the vendors and platforms that support them, as well
as asset owners and specialist alternative managers covering
areas such as private assets, real assets and hedge funds. In

FY 20, the Group took the first steps in an important strategic
expansion into insurance, an adjacent market whose asset
management activities already form part of Alpha’s core client
base. The Group has continued to progress this roadmap
during FY 21.

The insurance industry represents an extremely exciting growth
area for the Group, with significant global revenue potential.
The structural themes and drivers are highly aligned with the
asset and wealth management industries, including outdated
technology and operating models, pressure on fees and costs,
and a demanding regulatory environment’, Alpha’s intention is
to apply the same blueprint that has worked so successfully in
asset and wealth management: identifying key areas for demand,
hiring the best people in these areas and differentiating on
quality and specialism.

To date, the Group has launched two practices that address the
insurance market: a specialist Insurance practice in France,
currently focussing around the European general insurance
market and the insurance CFO agenda, and the UK-based
Pensions & Retail Investments practice. Both are making
excellent progress and the Group is delighted to have been
able to leverage both existing client relationships as well as
earning new clients for the Group through its corporate
credentials and expertise, which, during the year, has been
further strengthened with the addition of a new director to
each Insurance practice.

As Alpha’s clients adapt to the structural, geographical and
macro drivers shaping the asset management, wealth
management and insurance industries, their consulting needs
naturally evolve. Alpha’s strong corporate credentials, deep
expertise and global reach allow it to predict these evolving
needs and adapt the service proposition to meet them, for
example by acquiring Axxsys and Obsidian in late 2019 to
strengthen its offering in technology consulting and data
solutions, two key areas of interest and demand for clients.
The Group will continue to develop its range of services to
meet the needs of the global client base.

2! PwC, “Asset and wealth management revolution: The power to shape the future” (December 2020).
2 PwC, “Asset and wealth management revolution: The power to shape the future” (December 2020).

® Deloitte, “2021 Insurance Outlook” (December 2020).


===== page 23 =====
- |
21

Annual Report 2021 |
t

vy

“Joining Alpha is really a huge opportunity:
not only can I rely on the strong experience
of the firm, but its well-deserved reputation
has allowed me to reach new clients and
new opportunities.”

Alpha employee


===== page 24 =====
22

Annual Report 2021

Strategic Report

Business Model

The Group's business model is designed to help
companies across the asset management, wealth
management and insurance industries to solve
their most pressing strategic problems, delivering
outstanding outcomes for clients and sustainable
growth and value for shareholders.

Highlights for FY 21

* Robust performance across business lines and regions
despite impact of COVID-19;

* Successful first steps to establish an insurance vertical
with France-based Insurance consulting practice and
Pensions & Retail Investments practice both
performing well;

* Continued strong growth in North America,

a strategically significant market;

Establishment of ESG & Responsible Investment

practice, meeting a major strategic need across

the industry;

Addition of 11 revenue-generating directors in the

year, bringing further expertise, experience and

credentials to Alpha’s corporate proposition.

.

.

[Paulilan}
Director, ARAS

tilwas\fortunateltosbetintroduced]tofalpnaloyzaformerg
fcolleaguegwhojsawfargreatyfitibetweenlAlpna sinecds}
InYAEAC ancl mypprolessionalexperencesenc| crests
[ocllowinght Slyearsofimanagementiconsuitingyogfinancial]
sewicestincluding}twomwaveslofjoutsizedigrowthlor}
Soutiqueyranchisestwascexcitec(ouiney acc ppOnunityy
[fofleacancya-owtnemascenibusmesstalpnalacy(ored)
[nisingaporey

pihroughteveryiinitiayinteractionwithtAlpia sig/oba)
fleadershiprangythe\singaporelteamit]becamelquickly]
(epparentinow.collaborativerarcutureyalpnagenuinely
fhadQlwasffurtherfattracted|toyalpna Slexplicit{fOCus)
fonfassetfandhwealthlmanagementawith\deepycrediole)
Gpecialismsqwithinginatichosentspacey ntneycron ced
(Competitiveliandscapeyoymanagementiconsultmadl oad]
fand]havejafstrongioelietthat{suoject{mattegexpertise)
[remainsyinewrignirowwingclleniconfidencelandymancates)
Srancwiiilmayedoubl ycounasianmarkctoy

fovertthe}pasi{two}yearsealpnalnasinot{disappointed]
fonjanysfrontyinefpandemiclofthelpasthi simonthsinas]
fonlyforovided|starkerfopportunitiessfoustastaigiobal]
lleadership\to(demonstrate{resiliencezand{coordinated]
fnavigationfofroughiseasyequallyxoumteams|nave)
impressed|clientsywithlincredibleeffectivenessjand]
fagilityfacrosstalllmodes ofworigandlengagement 4am]
[ncrediblygratelultobealpatloyArpnatanc|icon (onward)
ftofthe.continuedigrowtholfousAPaCipresencey



===== page 25 =====
23

Annual Report 2021

2
&
2
s
2
& _ Alpha
@ Technology
& Services
7
a Axxsys
‘an Aipha
Group
company

Business model graphic is
as at 31 March 2021
“France-based practice

Organic Growth

Alpha’s strategy focusses >
on organic growth through
expansion into new
geographies, broadening
its service offering and

building the client base.

Businass 2

FinTech &
Innovation

Pension
& Retail
Investments

“Regulatory
Compliance
& Risk

Distribution

ETF&
Indexing

@

Benchmarking

* Operations
& Outsourcing

MoA
Integrations.

®..

Investment
Guidelines

Insurance*

ESG &
Responsible

Investment
Digital al

Alpha’'s Strategy

in Action

Phil gas AN

@

Alpha
Data
Solutions

SdaBeuey yyeen\

@ Practices
@ Client segments

Inorganic Growth
Acquisitions can support
organic growth in adding
+ new services and expertise

*, that the Group can take
. to clients.



===== page 26 =====
24

Annual Report 2021

Strategic Report

Business Model continued

Client Focus

Alpha aims to be the consultancy of choice for the asset
management, wealth management and insurance industries

globally. The Group focusses relentlessly on the needs of its

clients and strives to ensure that every project is delivered to
the highest standards.

The business model is designed to be as flexible as clients
need it to be. This means developing a network of offices that
allows Alpha’s experts to work closely with clients all over the
world and constantly expanding the Group's expertise in all
aspects of the industries that it services. The Group’s growing
range of business practices is intended to address the needs
of every team and department within client organisations.
Ouring the past year, Alpha has extended its offering with the
launch of its ESG & Responsible Investment practice and has
increased its presence in consulting to the insurance industry.

Alejandra Bacon

Senior Manager, North America

joined Alpha’s North America team in 2013, in the early
stages of expansion into the region. Before joining Alpha,
I spent three years working at a global asset manager and
was looking to broaden my experience in the industry.

When | interviewed, | was excited by the potential and
vision of what Alpha aimed to be. Being part of Alpha’s
growth journey for the past eight years has been
extraordinary. The team inspires me to think creatively
and raise new ideas to better our firm, while also
providing challenging and industry leading project work.

From a personal perspective, through every stage in
my life over the last eight years, | have felt supported by
Alpha. We are encouraged to have a voice and express
our thoughts and opinions, and this transparency and
openness will continue to be the foundation of our culture
as we evolve. We are just at the start of our journey and
ook forward to the next phase of growth in North America.

In addition, the two strategic acquisitions completed in FY 20
are now fully integrated within the Alpha Group. They have
significantly strengthened the Group's proposition in two key
areas of concern and demand for clients: Axxsys in technology
consulting and implementation, and Obsidian in data products
and services and business intelligence.

Alpha targets strategic growth both organically and through
acquisitions. The Group's extensive global knowledge, client
M&A credentials and proprietary acquisition experience allow
it to identify and evaluate suitable targets and to integrate
them efficiently.

The aim is to acquire businesses that will both complement and
broaden the Group's proposition and present strong growth
potential, as demonstrated by the two most recent acquisitions,
referred to above. The Group continues to track potential
acquisition targets that meet these criteria. Acquisitions are
most likely to be complementary product and technology
businesses that will strengthen the ADS offering, or specialist
consultancies that bring additional expertise, new client
opportunities or the potential to enter new countries or regions.

In the period after the year end, the Group further demonstrated
its capability to progress this strategy by acquiring a new business.
Lionpoint is a highly complementary, technology-focussed
consulting firm that builds on the Alpha Group's alternatives
offering, client base and North America market presence.

Services and Expertise

Alpha has 15 business practices, enabling the Group to match
its expertise, credentials and intellectual property to the needs
of its clients. Each practice is led by senior directors who are
responsible for managing their teams, developing the proposition
and setting the overall direction and strategy of the offering.
The Group's collaborative culture, technology and operational
infrastructure support the practice model and facilitate sharing
of knowledge and insights across practices. Alpha’s policy is
to hire the best people in these practices and to develop the
best talent in the industry, enabling it to meet the full spectrum
of client needs and provide the highest quality of service on
every engagement.


===== page 27 =====
25

Annual Report 2021

Kjell Nordgard
Director, Axxsys

When | joined Axxsys Consulting in October 2019, the company
had just been acquired by Alpha some months before
Having worked with technology and processes for the asset
management sector for more than 25 years, | knew both
companies well. Alpha’s market-leading competency within
advisory services, combined with Axxsys’s specialist expertise
on implementation of systems and data management solutions,
and both companies’ targeted focus on the asset management
industry, seemed like the perfect marriage. | was therefore
excited about the opportunity to be part of the journey ahead,
working with a team of skilled and dedicated consultants
to leverage on these synergies to drive business growth for
Axxsys and the Alpha Group in Europe.

A merger of two companies is never without any challenges
~ there are different company cultures involved, different focus
areas, different processes and methods to understand and
align. While there will naturally be topics for us to keep
focussing and communicating on, | believe that the Alpha/
Axxsys integration has been amongst the best that | have
experienced and has already proven itself a success.

The Group continues to extend its capabilities as the industry
evolves. It considers launching practices where demand exists
-as it did during FY 21 with the ESG & Responsible Investment
practice - while expanding existing practices. ESG and
responsible investment is an area of vital interest for asset and
weaith managers and owners, and the new team is already
working on a range of engagements spanning the entire operating
model of client organisations. Engagements range from exercises
to benchmark firms against their peers using Alpha’s proprietary
framework, through to embedding ESG and responsible
investment across the value chain including organisational
design, investment processes, product, distribution and
regulatory readiness. The Group has also helped firms address
the technology needs underlying these changes in a scalable
and efficient way.

We are working closely together on many opportunities and
projects, and the sharing of responsibilities and tasks is driven
and facilitated by a common understanding of our different
fields of expertise within the combined Group. Axxsys
specialises in design and implementation of technology
platforms for the asset management sector and we have
uccessfully delivered greenfield implementation projects as
well as restructuring and improvement projects on most of
the dominant products for large-scale asset management in
the market. Together with the Alpha SMEs, we are currently
working on a number of engagements with clients, ranging
from evaluation and analysis of future target operating models
to practical implementation of trading flows, configuration
IBOR and fund accounting solutions, regulatory reporting and
improvements of business flows for alternative investments.

It is exciting to observe how the expected synergies are
now coming to fruition, driven by skilled and motivated

professionals with a common chemistry and appetite for
success. The future is ours to take and we are in a great
position grow our business, adding even more value to our

clients in the asset management industry.

During the past year, the Distribution, M&A Integration and
Operations & Outsourcing practices all performed strongly, while
the group's first insurance-facing practices, the Insurance practice
in France and the UK-based Pensions & Retail Investments
practice, showed excellent progress, demonstrating the
attractive growth opportunity in this adjacent area of financial
services. Alpha added 11 revenue-generating directors over the
past year, including one for each of the two insurance practices.


===== page 28 =====
26

Annual Report 2021

Strategic Report

Business Model continued

Talented People

To deliver a market-leading service to its clients and achieve its
growth objectives, the Group must ensure that its teams are
properly incentivised, both financially and through Alpha’s working
environment and culture. Further details of the Group's approach
to employee engagement and incentives are set out in the
“looking after our people” section of the Role in Society report.

Clients regard the expertise of Alpha’s consultants as a key
differentiator versus more generalist consultancy offerings.
The Group's thought leadership articles and other targeted
communications display its knowledge and insights across the
market and enhance its interactions with clients and prospects.
They also serve to advance the case for developments that
reflect Alpha’s values, including diversity and inclusion, enhanced
risk management and ESG best practices. Last year, Alpha’s
consultants published more than 90 specialist articles on the
Group's website while its 2021 Industry Outlook whitepaper
featured an additional 17 pieces of thought leadership. The
Group further demonstrates its focus on expertise through the
numerous research campaigns, roundtables and events that it
runs. Alpha employees are encouraged to share their insights
internally via “lunch and learn” and knowledge sharing sessions.

Experiences

Nahean Nazmul
Manager, North America

In February 2020, one month before global lockdowns,
| was presented the opportunity to join Alpha’s Toronto
office. Admittedly, | hadn’t heard of Alpha before then,
as there were no Canadian employees with the office at
the time. Upon researching the firm, it sounded “too
good to be true.” Alpha boasted top tier clients and
encapsulated specialty in the cross section between what
| was passionate about: investment management, and
what | professionally excelled in: management consulting.
More importantly, the culture of the firm sounded
outstanding: talented, supportive, entrepreneurial,

and meritocratic.

As | progressed through the interview process and heard
echoes confirming my research, my scepticism transformed
into overt optimism. The opportunity to help build Alpha's
presence from the ground up in my hometown and
country was too big to pass up, despite the uncertainty
a global pandemic presented. As demanding as the first
year had been in theory, it was highly rewarding, and made
easy thanks to the amazing people that surrounded and
supported me.

I truly believe that the success of any company hinges on
its people and culture. Aside from the myriad of initiatives
that Alpha employees take on, consultants are formally
responsible for both excellent client delivery and at least
one business management area. As the first hire for Asset
& Wealth Management Consulting in Canada, | now lead
recruitment for that team, with the sole objective of
onboarding the best talent in the market - people who

embody the Alpha spirit.


===== page 29 =====
27

Annual Report 2021

Experiences

James Turnbull
Associate Director, APAC

| joined Alpha’s London office as a consultant-level hire
in 2015. The time since then has flown by and it has been
incredible to see the firm grow towards 500 people, list
on the LSE AIM, expand across multiple geographies,
win, and deliver countless projects for new and existing
clients, and launch numerous important initiatives. All the
while, it has retained the key characteristics that attracted
me to Alpha, via a referral by a good friend, such as a
collaborative team environment, stimulating subject
matter, vibrant social scene and transparent meritocracy.

During my time at Alpha, | have been fortunate enough to
work with some of the largest and most dynamic asset
managers in the world, on industry and organisation
defining engagements, in both the public and private
markets. Aside from the type of work that this has
enabled me to experience, it has also taken me to many
places geographically.

Over recent years, | have had the opportunity to contribute
to Alpha’s geographical expansion directly, moving from
our London headquarters to the frontier of Alpha in APAC,
joining the Alpha Asia team. | am relishing the opportunity

to deliver the multi-jurisdictional projects that are inherent
to the region, as well as acting as a link between Alpha’s
local team and team members in the larger, more
established offices of the UK, North America and France,
ensuring that the Alpha DNA, on which so much of our
success has been built, permeates to the remotest parts
of the organisation.

“I've never heard a consultancy partner spoken
about more positively across such a broad variety
of business partners than Alpha, and that includes
our strategy and Big 4 consultants.”

President, global asset manager

Sustainability Focus

The interests of Alpha, its employees, clients, investors and
other stakeholders require it to operate a business model that
is sustainable in the long term. Identifying material non-financial
risks that could affect Alpha’s sustainability, and taking
appropriate steps to manage and mitigate them, are important
strategic priorities. This is a process that remains ongoing as
the Group learns, develops and refines its approach.

Alpha is establishing sustainability metrics linked to the most
relevant risks, which it considers to be data security, workforce
diversity and engagement, professional integrity and environment.
However, in view of the pandemic and its far-reaching effects,
Alpha has concentrated in particular over the past year on the
wellbeing of its people and on supporting them to adapt to
new ways of working.

Alpha’s goal is to build a business that delivers outstanding
‘outcomes for clients and to be recognised as the leading
global management consultancy to the asset management,
wealth management and insurance industries. Achieving this
depends, above all, on the expertise and dedication of its
people and, therefore, the Group's purpose is to nurture this
vital source of differentiation and competitive advantage by
providing the best corporate experience that its employees
will have during their careers. Alpha believes that creating

a great place to work will ensure the right mix of culture,
commitment and community, enabling its teams to deliver
value and insight to clients and the wider investment industry.

The Group aligns its approach to sustainability reporting with
the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (“SASB")
framework. This applies an industry-wide materiality matrix to
capture environmental and social impacts that arise from the
production of goods and provision of services. It then sets out
a disclosure framework based on long-term ESG factors.


===== page 30 =====
28

Annual Report 2021

Strategic Report

Business Model continued

Alpha is delighted to be a company reporting with SASB Standards.
As a “professional and commercial services” organisation, the material factors identified by the SASB as affecting

the Group are summarised in the table that follows:

Topic Summary Approach For More Information
Data Maintaining strong, robust and secure operations around information and SASB metrics: p. 176-77
Security data is central to supporting effectively and retaining the trust of the Group’ S Risk management: p. 43,

clients, colleagues and wider stakeholders. Alpha follows comprehensive 2.47

information security and data privacy protocols and continuously monitors .

data security as a principal risk.
Workforce Alpha’s success depends on delivering high-quality consultancy and SASB metrics: p. 178
Diversity & solutions to clients. To achieve this, Alpha must have a highly engaged, Looking after our people:

Engagement motivated and diverse team of employees. It runs multiple initiatives to

pp 54-59

ensure it fosters an inclusive culture that welcomes diversity to its

workforce, recognises excellence and supports employee wellbeing.

Diversity and inclusion:
Pp 62-67

Professional
Integrity

Acting and being seen to act with the utmost professional integrity is critical
to developing trusting relationships with clients. Professional ethics are
monitored through local governance forums and Alpha’s client delivery

SASB metrics: p. 179

Community and corporate
social responsibility: pp 68-73

oversight framework. The Group's corporate social responsibility initiatives
further uphold its commitment to acting with transparency, honesty and

personal integrity at all times.

Vanessa Bingle
Director, UK

joined Alpha in 2018 after six years as an investment
consultant. | joined Alpha to fill my passion for making
improvements to the way things work, ultimately driving
towards better outcomes for the end saver. Professionally,

wanted to experience the breadth of the investment
industry, have a high level of autonomy in my work and be
part of a fast-growing organisation

In my first year | worked supporting an integration after a
large global M&A transaction. It was fascinating to learn more
about how true cultural change happens

In late 2018, | had the opportunity to work with a client evolving
their approach to embedding ESG (Environment, Social,
Governance) considerations in their investment proc

~ already a professional passion of mine. That started a v
exciting journey for me to lead the development and launch

of Alpha’s ESG & Responsible Investment practice, alongside
an excellent team of ESG & Responsible Investment
enthusiasts. We formally established as an Alpha practice
in October 2020 after around two years of working with clients
in this area. We support all types of investment organisations
to develop and fully embed their vision and strategy for ESG
& responsible investment, across all areas of their business
and, at the time of writing, are currently live supporting 10+
organisations on this topic.

| believe
opportunity and support to develop a new business area at
such an early point in your career. It has been an exciting,
growth-filled and busy year for me professionally. What has
also stood out for me is the passionate and engaged people
who have contributed to the practice development and
stepped forward to develop our thinking and client proposition.

's rare to find an organisation that will give you the

It has been great to offer them interesting and stretching
projects in ESG & responsible investment, and to see their
professional growth and success over the last year.



===== page 31 =====
29

Annual Report 2021

Wafig Choucair
Group Accountant, U

| joined Alpha in November 2020 after achieving my
chartered accountancy qualification within a “Big 4”
With my transition to industry, | wanted to move into
responsibility and scope for
progression within a business in the growth stage of
its lifecycle.

a role that offered variet:

On researching Alpha for my application and hearing
what it was like, | was thoroughly Impressed by the how
aligned the culture of the business and the nature of my
role was to what | wanted from the next step in my career.
Whilst | moved during the pandemic in a work from home
capacity, the strength of Alpha's unique culture created
an inclusive atmosphere that made me feel a part of the
team from day one.

Since being here, | can confidently say that Alpha has
delivered on exactly what | desired from the next stage
of my career. Within six months I have been involved with
multiple projects such as the interim accounts, statutory
reporting, budget preparation and, more recently,
preparation of this Annual Report. | am excited for what
the future holds at Alpha and looking forward to being

a part of its continued growth in the coming years.

Reporting the Group's environmental impacts is also important
to its investors as they consider non-financial risks within their
portfolios. Due to the nature of the Alpha business and services,
it does not have a significant environmental impact and the
Group is well placed to continue delivering services to its
clients over the long term. However, Alpha is committed to
minimising its environmental impacts and contributing positively
to climate change.

The Group has built on its first set of environment-related
disclosures that appeared in the 2020 Annual Report. Further
details and metrics can be found in the “environment and
sustainability” section of the Role in Society report.

The Group operates a robust governance and risk management
framework to ensure that it manages risk, adds value to the
business and brings long-term benefits to the Group’s
shareholders. Ensuring long-term, sustainable growth is a key
part of the Group's strategy and business model. Further
information on this topic appears in the “risk management”
section of the Strategic Report and in the Corporate
Governance report.

Generating Value

Alpha draws on a market-leading blend of expert knowledge
and industry experience to solve its clients’ problems. It also
offers advice and insight for the asset management, wealth
management and insurance industries at large, based on its
leading position in the market.

The Group enjoys strong, long-term relationships with clients,
leading to high levels of repeat business and opportunities to
cross-sell multiple service offerings. Each of these critical
business relationships is underpinned by direct engagement
with a named senior member of the Alpha team. This allows
Alpha to sustain the relationship and provides a direct channel
to report on its progress to the Group Coordination Committee
and, where appropriate, the Board of Directors. During FY 21,
the Group added 58 new clients, all through organic growth.

Alpha also maintains close relationships with vendors, industry
bodies, regulatory authorities and competitors to inform its
understanding of the industry and support its work for clients.
The insights gained through these contacts feed into the Group's
decision-making at senior levels.

The Board aims to maintain a flexible service offering, reflecting
the changing needs of clients, and to provide a superior
proposition to the Group’s competitors. Alpha works alongside
clients across the industry including asset managers, wealth
managers, alternatives managers, investment platforms,
intermediaries, insurance firms, service providers and asset
owners. This enables it to review and enhance its business
model continuously so as to ensure it offers a differentiated
service proposition, delivers high-quality outcomes and
generates sustainable value for stakeholders. The Group will
continue to create value by broadening its service offering, the
range of clients it supports and the countries in which it operates.


===== page 32 =====
fr
TEDSTER!
POLE BES?
arias

30

Annual Report 2021

Strategic Report

Business Model continued

Key Strengths

The key attributes that enable Alpha to provide a strong
and sustainable business model are:

* Ahighly focussed proposition for the asset management,
wealth management and insurance industries;

* Proven ability to identify and hire the best talent;

* Astrong culture that fosters excellence, collaboration
and integrity;

* An integrated service offering that is delivered globally;

* Continuous development of the proposition to
anticipate client needs;

* A focus on establishing long-term relationships;

* An emphasis on providing the highest quality of
service and, wherever possible, exceeding clients’
expectations; and

* An ability to apply best practice, differentiating
intellectual property and data, advanced technology
solutions and market-leading knowledge developed
over almost 20 years.

Experiences

Hattie Elkins
Manager, UK

I joined the Pensions & Retail Investments (P&RI) practice
in March 2020, motivated to join Alpha due to its
collaborative and innovative culture, and excited at the
prospect of supporting the build-out of our presence in
a new market. Joining a new practice enabled me to
become involved in interesting client engagements with
our P&RI clients, as well as develop business development
skills and drive our go-to-market campaigns.

Despite joining remotely during lockdown, | was quickly
made to feel part of the team and was surprised by how
close-knit the firm is, despite not being able to meet in
person. The infamous Alpha social culture has found new
ways to survive during remote working — be it through
Alpha-wide virtual socials or the one-to-one remote
coffee club!

At Alpha, we are empowered to drive activities that support
both our personal growth, as well as the firm's growth and
internal business management. For example, | am part of
our “recruitment for equal opportunities” initiative, in which
we have a dedicated team focussing on how to improve
diversity in our talent pool and ensure our recruitment
processes are fair for all candidates. The Alpha team is
incredibly passionate about D&i, and | am continually
struck by the open conversations and engagement that
ensures we always focus on doing the right thing

It has been an absolute pleasure being part of such a high
performing team over the past year and | am excited to
be a part of the growth journey that we are embarking on



===== page 33 =====
31

Annual Report 2021

Experiences

Clément Rougemon
Manager, Europe

I joined the Paris office in early September 2020 as part
of a team dedicated to the insurance proposition in France
and to help build out this new activity. Although I joined
Alpha during the pandemic period, | had a warm welcome
from everyone, which allowed me to quickly feel
comfortable in my new working environment.

Joining Alpha is really a huge opportunity: not only can |
rely on the strong experience of the firm, its well-deserved
reputation has allowed me to reach new clients and new
opportunities. | am particularly grateful to my colleagues
in the Insurance practice and the support that we have
every day from the senior management of the business
Thanks to our common efforts and the close links between
asset management and the insurance industry, we have
already started to build new business relationships that
are resulting in opportunities. We started the Insurance
practice about a year ago and we were five people; we
are now ten, and | believe this is the beginning of a
great adventure.

| am proud to be part of Alpha and | am looking forward
to contributing to the success and further recognition of
the firm, which | am sure we will continue to create.

Experiences

Cavan Chentepelly
ADS Cloud Architect, UK

iyomnediAlpnating20,|raftednavinglworkedhinitne)
fbankingsas.a.sevvicetsectoginitiiel cloud[spaceg |Wasy
fattracted\towworkingtiMmAbs|becausel hwas}lookinghtow
(morefchallengestontdataparchitectureqprocessingiang]
ecurityiniclouddinimyiviowStherelistoolimithtoltney
fopportunitiesiayADStanditherelistrealievidencelofourg
Fcapabilitytordelivemthens

fourrentiva Tamresponsiblesowtnelarchitecture gdesign}
ancfimplementationfofcloud[solutionsteclOudisecurityy
PACS Ouing my tm AOS, Nie ie the priiage
fofleacfaymajoycloudfarchitecturestransformationfontal
(datafsolutionstsystemalnadditionglhavetenjoyedithe)
opportuniiytoimakennymarktinikeybusinessyacas}
BuctTas[b<opstbevSecOptandichalgeimanagementy

(Teninid fami ortunatestolbeyatyADStandisurrounded|Oy
([alented]individualsywhorareralwaysteagertoyacnievel
(morMllnadfexcellentisupponiiron|seniogmanagement}
throughoutfmytimetandiineyzarclalwaysiiherentOllisten)
andlunderstandithe mportancefoiicloudjandisecunityy
lestweldevelopfandrextendiinerasyproduct{surte\!ofoug
(ClientcWTamfexcitedtand]ookinghionvarditonn orc)
(challengestanchtoxcontinuctoullcingimycateefayADSIiny
(is{inevitablergrowthtanghsuccessiimitnetcominghycarsy



===== page 34 =====
32

Annual Report 2021,

Strategic Report

Strategy

The Group's objective is to be recognised as the
leading global consultancy to the asset management,
wealth management and insurance industries, which
it progresses through a strategy that combines
organic growth and selective acquisitions.

Alpha’s goal is to be acknowledged as the leading consultancy
to the asset management, wealth management and insurance
industries both globally and in all the local markets in which it
operates. In pursuing this objective, it benefits from the calibre
of its people, its excellent reputation with clients, its deep
understanding of industry trends and its market-leading suite
of services.

The engine of Alpha’s growth since the beginning has been
organic expansion, guided by the needs of clients. The Group
works to expand the range of services that it provides to
buy-side institutions, focussing on building strong, long-term
relationships that will generate further engagements and repeat
business. However, it also targets acquisition opportunities
where there is a compelling strategic fit that will significantly
strengthen the Group’s proposition.

The Group implements its overall strategy in three key ways:

1. Expand the existing range of practices

Alpha serves clients in multiple countries through its successfully
deployed practice model. The Directors have identified that
there is substantial scope to grow the Group’s share within
these markets by extending the services that are delivered to
existing clients, or by serving new clients, through the addition
of business practices. The Group will continue to evaluate
market demand for new products and services; responding to
it by deepening the proposition and expanding the number of
practices. To achieve this, the Group will invest in its talented
people, the service offering and the practice structure, through
a combination of internal promotions and external senior hires.



===== page 35 =====
33

Annual Report 2021

2. Roll out the business practices globally

The Group currently provides services to its clients from
12 global offices in the UK, North America, Europe and Asia.
The strategy is to extend and strengthen its service proposition
globally by deploying the existing business practices consistently
across all regions. This will be achieved by introducing and
developing those specialist practices in each of the Group's
jurisdictions. The Directors believe that the building out of the
Group’s proven practice model across North America, Europe
and, ultimately, Asia will help to meet evolving client demand
and drive future growth globally.

3. Make selective acquisitions —_——

The Group recognises that it can strengthen the service offering
and, therefore, add value through strategic acquisitions.

The Group operates a selective and disciplined approach to
acquisition, considering opportunities from consulting businesses,
technology and data products, and intellectual property that
support and complement organic growth. Alpha believes it is
well placed to identify technology and data-led acquisitions
that would benefit its clients’ operations and, in turn, generate
growth for the Group. A broader range of knowledge and
capabilities can also increase cross-sell potential as well as
create additional addressable areas of the market. The Directors
are confident that Alpha’s industry proposition and strong culture
offer a compelling platform for the owners of any potential
acquisition targets.



===== page 36 =====
34

Annual Report 2021

Strategic Report

Section 172 Statement

Section 172 Statement

Under Section 172(1) of the Companies Act 2006, a director
of a company must act in the way that he or she considers,

in good faith, would be most likely to promote the success of
the company for the benefit of its members as a whole, and in
doing so have regard (amongst other matters) to:

The likely consequence of any decision in the long term;

* The interests of the company's employees;

* The need to foster the company’s business relationships
with suppliers, customers and others;

* The impact of the company’s operations on the community
and the environment;

* The desirability of the company maintaining a reputation for
high standards of business conduct; and

* The need to act fairly as between members of the company.

The following disclosure describes how the Directors have had
regard to the matters set out in Section 172(1)(a) to (f) and forms
the Directors’ statement under section 414CZA of The Companies
Act 2006.

The Directors remain committed to engaging with all of the
Group’s stakeholders and considering their interests when
making any strategic decisions.

Engagement with Key Stakeholders

The Board considers its key stakeholders to be its employees,
its shareholders, its clients and the communities in which the
Group operates. The Board also recognises other stakeholder
groups including vendors and suppliers, industry bodies and
competitors with whom Alpha works or associates in the
marketplace. The Board understands that engaging with these
stakeholders strengthens the Group's business relationships
and facilitates its decision making at an executive level, which
is very important for Alpha’s long-term success.



===== page 37 =====
35

Annual Report 2021

[erat Grp. _

Employees

Attracting, retaining and developing
the very best people in the industry
is integral to the Group's culture
and ongoing success. The Group is
committed to providing a highly
rewarding place to work, and to
maintaining a unique and inclusive
culture that places people at the
heart of the business. To achieve
this, there is a strong emphasis on
interaction, open communication
and the exchange of proactive
insights from the employee base.
Employee feedback has always
been a significant component of
that picture.

Career progression
Recognition

Training and development
Morale and motivation
Engagement

Reputation

Wellbeing

Health and safety

Formofengagement

.

Employee success
framework

Professional qualification
training opportunities
Mentoring

Global employee

feedback framework
Leadership communications
Monthly company meetings
Competitive remuneration
package

Management incentive
programme

: [EarereyDetaitsn q re

Role in Society:
pp 52-77

Looking after our
people: pp 54-59

Community and
corporate social
responsibility:
pp 68-73

Shareholders

The Group places a strong
emphasis on maintaining effective
engagement with its shareholders,
which it considers to be integral to
longer-term growth and success.
The Board is committed to
providing good, consistent

and open engagement

with shareholders.

Financial performance
Governance and
transparency
Operating and financial
information
Confidence and trust in
the Group’s Directors
Dividends

Investor conferences/
roadshows

Dedicated investor section
on the website

Investor strategy updates
Annual Report

Interim and preliminary
results announcements
Annual General Meeting
One-to-one meetings

Corporate
Governance:
pp 80-119

SASB (ESG)
disclosure:
pp 176-79

Risk management:
pp 40-44

Financial
statements:
pp 127-75



===== page 38 =====
36

Annual Report 2021

Strategic Report

Section 172 continued

Stakeholder Group

Clients

Alpha’s successful business model
is built upon keeping clients’ needs
at the core of its proposition, which
includes the Group’s geographic
network, the services it offers and
the types of project that it delivers.
Central to Alpha’s growth strategy
is continuous investment in people,
locations and knowledge to help
all clients address their

challenges and best capitalise on
opportunities. The Group works
hard at developing and sustaining
long-term client relationships.

Stakeholder K

Focussed, relevant
industry proposition
Emphasis on

client satisfaction

Delivery excellence standard
Integrated service offering
Accuracy and reliability

of knowledge, advice

and insights

Subject matter expertise
Continuous development
of products and services

Form of Engagement

Senior-level client
relationship management
Continuous client
satisfaction monitoring
Responsibility with regional
and country heads of
business for monitoring
client demand

Industry roundtable
discussions

Provision of market and
industry insights
Dialogue with vendors,
regulators and

industry bodies

Further Detail:

Business model:
pp 22-31

Strategy: pp 32-33

Communities

Alpha is committed to building
positive relationships with the
communities and environment in
which it operates. This includes
supporting communities and
organisations local and relevant to
the Group's operations. It extends
to considering how to maximise
the benefits and minimise the
downsides of its environmental
and social impacts.

Effective engagement
with local communities
Working closely with
charities, CSR partners
and other organisations
Building awareness around
diversity, inclusion and
CSR issues

Ensuring effective action
‘on the environment and
climate change

Pursuing a positive

impact on local and

global environments

D&I networks and initiatives
CSR schemes

Taking appropriate steps
where regulations are
introduced by establishing
new policies

Modern slavery statement
Tax evasion and anti-
bribery policies, supported
by whistleblowing policy
Charity of the Year
programme work

Work on climate change
and carbon offsetting
SASB ESG reporting

Role in Society:
pp 52-77

Community and
corporate social
responsibility:
pp 68-73

Charity of the year:
pp 71-72

Environment and
sustainability:
pp 74-77

Diversity and
inclusion: pp 62-67

SASB (ESG)
disclosure:
pp 176-79



===== page 39 =====
37

Annual Report 2021

Key Board Decisions during the Year

The Board considers the following to be the key decisions and considerations that it has made during the year to 31 March 2021:

Board Decision

The Board considered and approved the FY 20
pre-close trading update to the market.

April

Co

erations

To provide transparent and accurate information to the market.

The Board considered the impacts of COVID-19
and the mitigating measures, including short-term
reductions to the remuneration of the Board, senior
leadership and broader Alpha director team.

April

To address the long-term interests of all stakeholders and
protect the Group's balance sheet.

June The Board considered the payment of a final dividend
for FY 20 and, in light of the uncertainty around the
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the operations
and performance of the Group, agreed that it would

not recommend a final dividend for FY 20.

To preserve the strength of the Group’s balance sheet and
provide maximum flexibility throughout the COVID-19
uncertainty so that Alpha is as well positioned as it can be for
the future.

June The Board reviewed and agreed the FY 20
preliminary financial statement and Annual Report

& Accounts to shareholders.

To provide transparent and accurate information to the market.

June The Directors considered the composition of
the Board and its committees and agreed the
appointment of Jill May as an additional

independent Non-Executive Director.

To continue to improve effectiveness by recruiting an experienced
Non-Executive Director with appropriate experience. To recognise
and address the interests and requirements of the shareholders
and market, including Board independence. To consider long

term succession planning when making any Board appointment.

July The Board approved equity incentive awards to

management and certain employees of the Group.

To incentivise the management of the Group and ensure the
alignment of interests between employees and shareholders.

October The Board considered and approved the FY 21

interim pre-close trading update to the market.

To provide transparent and accurate information to the market.

October The Board agreed a provision to repay an element

of the salary sacrifice agreed earlier in the year.

To incentivise the management of the Group and ensure the
alignment of interests between employees and shareholders.

November The Board approved the appointment of Investec
as joint broker and Nominated Adviser.

To facilitate access to a wider selection of institutional investors
and provide an additional source of investor feedback in order
to address the long-term interests of all stakeholders.

November The Board agreed the FY 21 interim report to
shareholders and payment of the FY 21 interim
dividend to shareholders.

To provide transparent and accurate information to the market.

November The Board reviewed the results of an employee
engagement plan and approved a number of
initiatives to be carried out by the Group
Coordination Committee and the HR team.

To understand the feedback provided by employees, to take
appropriate actions and to ensure the ongoing engagement
of Alpha’s employees in respect of implementing positive
changes. When reviewing the actions to be implemented, the
Board considered the financial consequences and the impact
‘on long-term value and growth for the shareholders.

March The Board considered the Group’s strategic To ensure that the strategy is still appropriate and to review
priorities at its dedicated strategy sessions. progress against strategic goals.
March The Board considered and approved in principle the To support the Board's strategy of making selective

proposed acquisition of Lionpoint Holdings, Inc.

acquisitions to strengthen the Group's footprint and service
offering and to add value for the benefit of all stakeholders.



===== page 40 =====
38

Annual Report 2021

Strategic Report

Key Performance
Indicators

The Directors have defined the following key performance
indicators (“KPIs”). These KPIs link to the Group's growth
strategy and are used to monitor the Group's income
statement and performance. These are discussed further
in the Chief Financial Officer's Report on pp 122-26, which
forms part of this Strategic Report.

Revenue
The revenue KPI measures how well the Group has FY 21: £96.1m
expanded its business through organic and inorganic growth  MGAZGHEXEZ)

FY 19: £77.7m
FY 18: £67.8m

FY 17: £44.5m

Net fee income*

Net fee income is revenue before incidental expenses and FY 21: £98.0m
is used as an alternative KPI to indicate the underlying FY 20: £88.9m

productive operating performance of the Group Tin e7eom
Pr i6, £660"

FY 17: £43.6m

Gross profit

This KPI further helps to measure the profitability of the FY 21: €34.8m

Group and the success of the business model FY 20: £34.4m
FY 19; £29.1m

2 Refer to note 4 of the financial statements for further information on the adjusted performance measures: net fee income, adjusted EBITDA and
adjusted profit before tax.


===== page 41 =====
39

Annual Report 2021

Adjusted EBITDA

Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation
and exceptional items is a measure of the underlying
profitability of the Group

Adjusted profit before tax

Adjusted profit before tax excludes adjusting items and is
used as an alternative performance measure of the
underlying profitability of the Group

Headcount

The year-end headcount KPI measures the growth in the
Group's fee-generating consultants globally



===== page 42 =====
40

Annual Report 2021

Strategic Report

Risk Management

The Group aims to embed active risk management
throughout the organisation. The risk management
framework that surrounds this objective is designed

to ensure that there are robust processes, systems of
control and a strong corporate culture of responsibility.

Overview

The Group's operating model, and the asset management, wealth
management and insurance industries in which it operates,
expose it to a number of uncertain internal and external events,
which constitute risks. The Group manages risks to limit potential
adverse effects on the implementation of its strategy, its financial
performance and the interests of shareholders. It does this by
ensuring that there is a robust framework in place to identify,
assess and govern risk.

Responsibility

The Board has overall responsibility for risk management,
setting the tone for active risk management across the Group
and taking an overall perspective on compliance with the
Group's risk policy.

The Board ensures that risks that could impact the fulfilment
of the Group's strategic objectives, including Group growth,
are monitored and managed effectively. The Board is assisted
in fulfilling its responsibility for risk management by the Audit
and Risk Committee. On behalf of the Board, the Audit and
Risk Committee assures the risk management framework and
assesses the effectiveness of internal controls and processes
to identify and mitigate risk.

The Board recognises the importance of managing its risks
and fulfilling its obligations to consider and address both
opportunities and threats that face the Group. In conjunction
with the Audit and Risk Committee, the Board reviews and
considers at least quarterly the key risks facing the business.
The risks are identified and assessed in accordance with the
Group’s risk policy, and the review considers whether the risk
should be avoided, can be mitigated or will be tolerated.

The risk policy is reviewed and agreed annually by the Board of
Directors on the recommendation of the Audit and Risk Committee.

Governance

The Group governs risk through executive oversight and
responsibilities that extend across all business areas. As
illustrated in the diagram opposite, the Group follows a
“top-down” and “bottom-up” approach to monitoring and
managing its risk exposures. In this approach, top-down
strategic risk management is directed from the Board and
applied through the actions of the executive team and wider
senior management within operations. Bottom-up operational
risk management is implemented through the engagement, risk
awareness and corporate responsibility of all Alpha employees.

The Board of Directors has overall accountability for ensuring
that risks that could impact the long-term success of the Group
are identified and effectively managed. The Board delegates
oversight of the Group's risk management processes and
control environment to the Audit and Risk Committee. The
policies and decisions of the Board with regards to risk are
implemented principally through the Group's executive team,
represented by the Group Coordination Committee.

While the Group Strategy Committee considers the strategy
and direction of the Group in conjunction with the Board, the
Group Coordination Committee encompasses all the areas in
which business-level risk may arise or apply, including finance,
IT & infrastructure, HR, business development and service
delivery. The executive teams of these committees have a
direct reporting line into the Board, principally via the Global
Chief Executive Officer. However, any member of the Group
Strategy Committee and Group Coordination Committee can
be invited to present their risk management activities, including
risk escalation and risk monitoring processes.


===== page 43 =====
41

Annual Report 2021

Risk Management Governance

CORPORATE ACCOUNTABILITY

FOR RISK:

* Assesses and reports on principal risks
and uncertainties

+ Agrees the risk appetite

+ Agrees the key risk indicators

* Determines strategic action points

EXECUTIVE RESPONSIBILITY:

+ Monitors external environment

* Oversees business-level risk
management activities

* Monitors key risk indicators

* Oversees strategic action points

+ Ownership of the risk register

OPERATIONAL RISK MANAGEMENT:

‘+ Monitor operating enviranment

‘Identity, assess and mitigate
operational risks

+ implement strategic action points

* Execute policies, training and controls

BOARD OF
DIRECTORS

GROUP
COORDINATION
COMMITTEE

BUSINESS
UNITS

The Group believes that corporate responsibility underpins a
successful risk management strategy. Acting responsibly and
taking accountability in day-to-day business activities is expected
and required of employees in all parts of the organisation. It is
a core value that is written into the Employee Handbook, which
all staff must read and attest to. This encompasses the need to
follow and ascribe to relevant policies, training and procedures
that are decided at a senior level based upon the Group’s
services, operations and risk management commitment, which
currently include (but are not limited to) anti-bribery, confidentiality,
data protection, IT security and acceptable use, whistleblowing,

anti-tax evasion and facilitation.

AUDIT & RISK
COMMITTEE

GROUP
STRATEGY
COMMITTEE

CORPORATE ASSURANCE:

* Oversight of risk processes
and procedure

* Internal control

+ Assesses effectiveness of
risk management framework
and reporting

STRATEGIC RISK MANAGEMENT:

+ Oversees definition of
the strategy

‘+ Monitors execution to
strategic objectives,

+ Identifies and addresses risk to
business strategy and direction

Objectives of Risk Management

The main objectives of the Group's risk management
framework are to ensure that there is:

A strong corporate culture of risk awareness and
responsibility embedded at all levels of the organisation;

Reduction of ongoing risk as far as possible, without
unduly affecting the Group's competitiveness and flexibility;
Proactive identification and reporting of risk
information, with clear management and mitigation

responsibilities; and

Provision of a suitable basis upon which the Audit and
Risk Committee and, ultimately, the Board can assess
the effectiveness of the Group's risk management and

internal controls.



===== page 44 =====
42

Annual Report 2021

Strategic Report

Risk Management continued

Risk Assessment

The Group reviews and monitors risk exposures closely,
considering the potential impact and any management actions
required to mitigate the effect of emerging issues and events.
The Group's risk register is the principal tool for managing risks
(which are categorised as operational, financial or industry risk)
as well as the Group's risk appetite statements. Adherence to
the Group's risk appetite statements is monitored using key risk
indicators, which are incorporated in the Board's risk reports.

The risk register is owned by the Group Coordination Committee;
it is maintained using current inputs from the core business
functions. Risks are assessed using a scoring system, with
each risk scored according to the likelihood of occurrence and
the associated impact to the Group and the execution of its
strategy. This approach to risk assessment facilitates escalation
to the Board of Directors of the key material risks. It also
ensures the business's ability to review risks, identify trends
and respond with effective actions.

Group risks are reviewed, discussed and challenged first by the
executive team, through the meetings of the Group Coordination
Committee. The key material risks, as agreed at the Group
Coordination Committee, are then reported to the Board.
Reporting decisions are documented so that the assessment
and escalation approach can be reviewed by the Audit and Risk
Committee as part of its assurance responsibilities. In exceptional
circumstances, that is where the risk is of a sensitive business
nature, it may be raised on an individual basis with the Global
Chief Executive Officer, who can present that risk directly to
the Board.

The Board has agreed that the most material current risks to the
Group will be presented in the Annual Report as the principal
risks and uncertainties. Applying the described approach, the
Board is able to confirm that a robust assessment of the
principal risks and uncertainties has been carried out.

Improvements to the Risk
Management Approach

Alpha has a global risk management framework in place in
order to assess and manage risks that may have an impact on
the business, The Board believes that these practices should
be regularly reviewed to allow for continuous improvement
and development.

As part of ensuring the ongoing appropriateness of the
framework, while considering the business model and
operating context, the Group delivered a number of
incremental enhancements during the year that included:

* Incorporating a new risk category to the Group risk policy and
risk monitoring processes: environmental and social risk; and

* Further assessing the Group's information and data security
policies, governance and system controls particularly in light
of the COVID-19 pandemic.

Environmental and social risk:
Due to the nature of the Group’s services génerally, Alpha does
not currently have a significant environmental impact. However,
the Group’s commitment to environmental and social risk
management supports an aim to be strong in corporate
citizenship, to enhance its reputation and to continue to build
trust with its stakeholders.

The corporate social responsibility (“CSR”) strategy is predicated
on maximising the benefits and minimising the downsides of
the company's economic, social and environmental impacts.
Alpha has an internal CSR team for defining and implementing
this strategy globally. The Group also recognises the growing
concerns and risks related to climate change, and is committed
to doing its part in addressing this challenge. This focus includes
monitoring, improving and acting upon Alpha’s carbon footprint
and the Group's wider impact on the environment.

The environmental and social category of risks includes the

potential failure of the Group to identify and manage environmental
and social risks and impacts in a structured way. In particular, it
regards a possible failure of the Group to apply a consistent and
effective approach to understanding, considering and assessing
environmental and social risks in its decision making over time.


===== page 45 =====
43

Annual Report 2021

Given the Group's services and its operating locations,
climate-change-related risk is not currently a major factor in
decision making about the business model and strategy.
However, the Board has committed to continuing to monitor
the risks associated with the impacts of climate change,
taking into account its long-term goals, when considering new
business activities and/or physical premises. The Group also
considers this to include the need to assess, plan for and
comply with policy changes and disclosure requirements that
relate to environmental and social actions.

Information security risk:

Given the evolving sophistication and prevalence of external
cyber threats, particularly against the backdrop of remote
working through the COVID-19 pandemic, Alpha has continued
to take pre-emptive steps in strengthening and investing in its
cyber resilience and security programme. This has included a
continued assessment of the external threat landscape to
ensure a high level of internal diligence, and that investment
remains appropriate to mitigate these risks.

Over the last 12 months, the Group's suite of multi-layered
technical and procedural controls has been maintained,
progressed and formalised further, such as through:

* Group-wide review of information security and acceptable
use policies;

* Maintained focus on “zero trust” access and identity
management capabilities; and

* Mandatory annual employee training supplemented by regular
education campaigns to foster a culture of security awareness.

In addition, to reduce susceptibility to emerging threats,

Alpha has continued to work with an independently accredited
cybersecurity partner and completed annual security testing

in accordance with the industry recognised cyber security
framework National Institute of Standards and Testing (“NIST”).

Financial Risk Management

The Group has established internal control and risk management
structures in relation to the process for preparing the consolidated
financial statements. The key features of this framework are:

* The Group's executive team understands the importance of
internal control and of adhering to the principles of risk
mitigation on a global, operational basis;

* The Audit and Risk Committee has primary responsibility
for reviewing the quality of internal controls and checks, to
ensure that the financial performance of the Group can be
properly measured and reported on;

¢ The Chief Financial Officer and finance team regularly monitor
and consider developments in accounting regulations and
best practice in financial reporting and, where appropriate,
reflect developments in the consolidated financial statements;

* The Group's results are subject to various levels of review
within the Group's finance and management teams;

* Both the Audit and Risk Committee and the Board review
the draft consolidated financial statements;

* The Audit and Risk Committee receives reports from senior
management and the external auditors on significant
judgements or estimates, changes in accounting policies,
changes in account estimates and other pertinent matters
relating to the consolidated financial statements; and

* The annual financial statements are subject to external audit.

Brexit

While the UK’s future relationship with the European Union was
formalised during the year, there remains a degree of uncertainty,
with some points yet to be clarified and defined fully. The Group
continues to believe that the UK’s decision to leave the European
Union (“Brexit”) is not a principal risk for Alpha’s long-term
success, growth and strategy. The Group has welcomed some
improvements in the markets following the UK’s formal exit
from the European Union and did not see a direct material
impact on its overall growth in the financial year.

A combination of Alpha’s lack of reliance on arrangements
between the UK and EU, as well as Alpha’s growth and
diversification both geographically and across business practices
allows it to remain well positioned to negotiate any uncertainties
that may continue or arise newly from Brexit in the long term.
The Group and its Directors will monitor the situation for any
further developments or changes that require consideration.


===== page 46 =====
44

Annual Report 2021

Strategic Report

Risk Management continued

COVID-19

The COVID-19 pandemic has brought an unprecedented level
of uncertainty and constantly changing challenges to all
businesses. At the outset of the pandemic, in order to facilitate
monitoring, oversee key decisions and implement mitigating
actions where necessary, the Group mobilised a dedicated
governance structure that included global and local response
forums. The Directors and the senior management team within
this governance structure, and more widely, have closely
followed the situation in order to identify, assess and control
the operational and commercial impacts as effectively and
swiftly as possible.

A full assessment of the potential impacts of COVID-19 on the
Group's risk profile was undertaken and commentary on the
specific risk exposures that have been assessed in the course
of FY 21 in relation to COVID-19 are provided below.

Risk to staff health, safety and wellbeing:

The health, safety and wellbeing of Alpha’s people is an integral
factor in delivering the best results for clients, developing and
retaining a highly talented team, and meeting the challenges
of a fast-growing business. Consequently, the primary focus of
FY 21 has been on the health, safety and wellbeing of Alpha’s
people whilst adapting to remote working and managing through
the various restrictions and multiple personal challenges of the
global pandemic.

New approaches were implemented to ensure as collaborative,
motivating and supportive an environment as possible and to
help Alpha’s people navigate through such difficult times. These
included increased communications to the Alpha teams, social
events such as virtual coffee catch-ups, skill sharing, activity
challenges and the set-up of online communities to provide
ideas and suggestions for keeping mentally and physically well
and generate discussions on health-related topics. The wellbeing
plan was adapted to focus on supporting the mental and
physical wellbeing of staff while they work in isolation, including
the provision of resilience training with an external partner.

Risk to the continuity of operations and delivery of services:
The success of the Alpha business depends upon strong client
relationships and a market-leading reputation. Any material
disruption to the continuity of Alpha’s operations and service
delivery could have led to adverse impacts, including damage
to the Group's reputation, integrity and, potentially, its performance.

The Group had previously invested in its operational and
technological foundations, ensuring a model that is highly
adaptable to remote working, productive and secure. Alpha’s
IT and business management teams were extremely active in
ensuring that staff were supported in the use of technology
and remote ways of working. As such, the Group was able to
transition quickly and effectively to remote working at the start
of the pandemic with no material disruption to business
operations. Alpha also engaged with all its clients and
communicated proactively through relationship and project
leads to ensure that client delivery engagements continued to
be delivered remotely and to the highest standards, again with
no material impacts or delays.

Risk to the financial performance of the Group:

At the outset of the pandemic, the Group identified the potential
risk of disruption to clients and, consequently, a possible change
in client demand and decision making. In response, the Group
took early decisive action to control the potential impacts of
the pandemic, implementing protective measures to reduce
costs, maintain liquidity and stabilise residual risk positions
across the Group’s business profile.

FY 21 trading progressed well and the Group continued to
see opportunities, new client wins and extensions to existing
projects. Consequently, those measures were being reduced
and reversed by the end of the first half of FY 21 and, in light
of the resilient performance of the Group, have now all been
withdrawn. At the end of the financial year, the Group is
reporting strong results and market momentum, providing

a positive outlook into FY 22.

The residual risks relating to the COVID-19 pandemic are
captured as part of the Group's macro-economic conditions
principal risk on p. 48. However, it is acknowledged that
individual risks and issues related to the pandemic may need
to be tracked separately if external conditions elevate into
material individual risks.


===== page 47 =====
“I cannot think of anywhere
else I would rather start
my career and look forward
to what the future holds for
both myself and Alpha.”

Alpha graduate employee


===== page 48 =====
46

Annual Report 2021

Strategic Report

Principal Risks
and Uncertainties

The table below outlines the principal risks and uncertainties faced by the Group. They are not the only risks that may affect the
Group, but they are the risks that the Board currently believes would have the most significant impact on the Group's strategy to
achieve long-term profitable growth. There may be additional risks that materialise over time that the Group has not yet identified
or deemed to have a potentially material adverse impact on the business and the business strategy.

Operational Risk

The Group's approach to minimising operational risk is to centralise relevant processes and oversight frameworks through the
senior leadership team, which includes the Chief Operating Officer, and global leads from IT & infrastructure, HR and recruitment.
Operational risks are mitigated accordingly through operational projects that are designed to strengthen the control environment
and protect Alpha's competitive standing with regards to people and quality of service.

Mitigating Factor

People & Failure to attract, * Uniquely attractive culture that places people at the heart of
Resourcing incentivise and retain the the business.
best people with the right * Competitive, regularly benchmarked remuneration package
capabilities across all including differentiating profit share or cash bonus scheme.
levels and geographies. ¢ Equity participation offering through the management incentive

plan for directors and senior management.
* In-house recruitment process, targeting top university graduates
and experienced professionals.
« Comprehensive training and development programme,
building consulting skills and industry knowledge.
* Broad and reactive support structure, including HR,
individual mentors and external advice scheme.

Quality Failure to maintain quality * Clearly defined terms agreed up front, ensuring that each delivery
of Service of service on client delivery framework is appropriate and the delivery objectives are achievable.
engagements. * Clear senior individual responsibility and accountability for delivery

‘on every engagement, with review from head of country.

* Internal service delivery function managed by Chief Operating Officer
provides strong oversight and enables early risk identification.

* Continuous monitoring of client satisfaction and fulfilment of
agreed delivery criteria through the Alpha engagement lead,
in addition to the Alpha account owner, if also required.



===== page 49 =====
a7,

Annual Report 2021

Data Security

Risk of a security breach
leading to loss of integrity
or availability of core data.

Mitigating Fact

.

Comprehensive suite of information security policies and procedural
controls to complement technical defences, based upon best
practices from the NIST framework.

Adoption of industry leading cloud security tools, with multi-
layered controls around encryption, threat sandboxing, data leak
prevention and-social engineering protection.

Intelligence and expertise led system monitoring and threat
analytics function through a security operations centre ("SOC"),
for which Alpha leverages a qualified third party.

Proactive annual testing of technical defences through external
team exercises and internal phishing assessments.

Continual promotion of good cyber hygiene across the global
Alpha workforce with annual mandatory learning, regular training
campaigns and assessments.

Appropriate due diligence, vetting and annual auditing of cloud
providers to validate information security and risk posture.
Extensive cybersecurity insurance policy coverage.

Acquisition Risk

Risk of failure of the Group
to select, complete and
integrate businesses that
contribute positively to the
business model.

Full acquisition due diligence and integration framework.

Full business case required and built for every acquisition,
subject to a number of tests.

Detailed due diligence, analysis, planning and mitigation as part
of the acquisition process, wherein a wide range of factors are
taken into consideration.

The Group's extensive experience of working with clients on
high-profile acquisition and integration frameworks (including key
risk identification and mitigation approaches) is leveraged and
refined through the Group's own acquisition activities.

Dedicated integration project with workstreams across people,
finance, IT and operations, products and commercials for

each acquisition.

Continuous monitoring of business alignment, client satisfaction,
performance and other KPIs.

Clear and effective internal and external communications regarding
acquisition and integration topics, overseen by a member of the
Group Coordination Committee.



===== page 50 =====
48

Annual Report 2021

Strategic Report

Principal Risks and Uncertainties continued

Industry Risk

The Group's approach to minimising industry risk is to undertake a regular assessment of the market and its influencers, including
regulatory, political and structural change, and to maintain a close dialogue with market participants, such as clients, competitors
and industry bodies. This review is delivered through the Group's defined corporate governance responsibilities, wherein the
Executive Directors manage those relationships on a day-to-day basis and communicate the key findings and perspectives to
the Group Coordination Committee and, in turn, to the Board of Directors.

Risk ting Factors

Market Strategy Risk that the Group * Heads of region, heads of country and business practice leads
responds inadequately to are responsible for monitoring markets and client demand locally.
changing market factors. * Deep understanding of the markets is used to inform annual cycle

of business planning and budgets, and is tracked accordingly.

« Regular monitoring of the structural drivers within the marketplace,
which include industry cost pressures, growth in AUM and
increasing regulation.

© Track record of assessing market conditions and drivers of change,
and responding accordingly including the implementation of
relevant sector and client propositions across the investment
management value chain.

Strategic Risk that the Group fails * Business strategy review is designated to the Group Strategy
Objectives to meet its strategic aim to Committee to define, oversee and implement.
grow the business. * Business strategy is reviewed regularly (at least semi-annually)
by the Group Strategy Committee and the Board of Directors.
Strategy informs annual business planning and budget, and is
tracked accordingly.
* Strong visibility of growth opportunities and a roadmap to
increase the business both organically and inorganically.
* Regular consideration of downside scenarios and readiness
to apply relevant protective measures.

Macro-Economic Risk that macro-economic * Monitoring of the market to identify, and plan around, potential

Conditions factors outside of the change in market conditions and volatility.
Group's control change, ¢ Ensuring an effective, coordinated response to any macro-
affecting its clients, their economic challenges that emerge (e.g. COVID).
demand for consultancy ¢ Flexible business model that is responsive to change and
services and, hence, the regularly reviewed.
Group's own performance ¢ Record of identifying opportunities to provide consulting services
and financial position. and delivering successful projects in challenging change conditions.

* Global nature of the business and range of business practices
should reduce the risk of impact from volatility in specific markets.



===== page 51 =====
49

Annual Report 2021

Mitigating Factors

Political /
Regulatory
Environment.

Risk that Alpha’s business
model and strategy is
materially impacted by
legal, political or regulatory
changes that restrict
service offering or access
to markets.

.

.

Diversification and expansion of service offering should reduce
impact of restrictions.

Strategic geographical extension of business, overseen by the Board
of Directors and executed by the Group Coordination Committee.
Regulatory, political and legal change horizon scanning, led by
the Global Chief Executive Office, in order to foresee and plan
appropriate responses.

Dialogue with regulators, legal advisers and industry bodies.
Regular review of the business model to ensure that it remains
flexible and responsive to change.

In respect to the UK's exit from the European Union (“Brexit"),
continued monitoring and assessment of potential implications
for the Group.

Competitors Risk that an existing * Monitoring of competitor positioning including client win/loss ratios.
competitor or new entrant * Proven ability to understand the structural drivers of the market,
may over time be able to to innovate and develop the service offering accordingly.
achieve similar success i i
and win work from the * Key competitive differentiators:

Group's existing clients. - Highly focussed industry proposition, working exclusively in
asset management, wealth management and insurance industries;
- Strong, increasingly global reputation amongst clients, with
the very high quality of the team as a key differentiator,
- Complementary technology and data solutions; and
- Differentiating intellectual property and benchmarking data.

Client Failure to expand the client * Globally expanding team of consultants, able to attract new

Concentration base or a reduction in the market entrants and new entities within existing client structures.
number of key clients due, Growth objectives include increasing and diversifying the Group's
to consolidation in the - i : an ll
industry, including client client base, and the Group regularly reviews increase in client
concentration risk in key numbers (both organic and inorganic growth of client base).
relationships. ¢ Regular monitoring of client concentration by revenues.

* Acquisition strategy that targets businesses with strong
addressable client bases and cross-sell opportunity.

* Business strategy that includes extending the Group’s offering
with new services and products, in order to cater for different
client segments.

Skills and Subject Risk that over time the * In-house recruitment process, targeting top university graduates

Matter Expertise consulting team does and experienced professionals.

not maintain the right
expertise and skillsets to
be able to undertake a
wide range of projects,
of any scale, across

the marketplace.

Comprehensive training and development programme, which
builds consulting skills and industry knowledge.

Deep specialised industry expertise equips the Group to win and
complete projects of all sizes and complexity.

Proposition and delivery model structured around business
practices and client segments, enabling any gaps or weaknesses
to be identified early.

Business practices are led by directors who are experts in the area
and are responsible for ensuring the right team and skillsets when
it comes to launching a new proposition, as well as monitoring
expertise and skillsets over time.

Continual review of win/loss rates as well as client satisfaction

in delivery.



===== page 52 =====
50

Annual Report 2021

Strategic Report

Principal Risks and Uncertainties continued

Financial Risk

The Group's approach to minimising financial risk is to manage utilisation, day rates, expenses and cash collection actively and
closely. The Group's target is for projects to be chargeable on a time and materials basis, and to ensure that consultants’ time is
recorded and billed each month. A considerable amount of attention is paid to day rates and their alignment to budget, which
are reviewed and monitored by the heads of region and the Executive Directors.

ting Factor:
Utilisation Rates Risk that utilisation rates, « Target utilisation rates agreed annually per region.
which drive Group * Oversight of delivery against resource utilisation by head
profitability, may be of region.
adversely impacted by * Ongoing review of global utilisation by Chief Financial Officer,
poorly timed headcount in conjunction with visibility of pipeline and recruitment plans.

growth or an unexpected
decline in client projects.

Cash Collection Failure to collect cash * Group-wide aim to sell consulting services on a time and
on client invoices on a materials basis.
timely basis. * As invoicing is typically on a time and materials basis, there is

a requirement for all employees to submit their time promptly.
Prompt completion of time submission is monitored and forms
part of annual performance reviews.
* The Group's standard policy is for settlement of client invoices
within 30 days.
The Chief Financial Officer assesses the Group's cash and debtors
position on a regular (weekly) basis and escalates where necessary.
This is also discussed with heads of region and at Board meetings.

By order of the Board.

Euan Fraser
Global Chief Executive Officer
24 June 2021


===== page 53 =====
Sl

Annual Report 2021

“Alpha really understood
what we were trying to
achieve as our goals.
They wanted to work with
our people to come up
with the best solutions.”

Chief Executive Officer, asset manager


===== page 54 =====
Role in Society

54 Looking After Our People

60 Response to COVID-19

62 Diversity and Inclusion

68 Community & Corporate Social Responsibility
74 — Environment and Sustainability

‘our people: to

achieve our
ambitions


===== page 55 =====


===== page 56 =====
54

Annual Report 2021

Role in Society

Looking After Our People

Alpha strives to attract the most talented people and to
give them an inspiring working environment that will allow
them to realise their potential and achieve fantastic

professional successes.

We believe that playing a full and constructive role in society is
integral to our success as a business. This includes providing
an interesting, varied and rewarding place to work for all Alpha's
people. The Alpha leadership team is strongly committed to
fulfilling this part of Alpha’s mission and recognises its importance
in creating a sustainable business model.

In fulfilling our role in society, we concentrate on three major
priorities: our people, our communities and the environment.
This section of the Annual Report describes how we address
each of these vital contributors to our long-term success.

We regard our efforts in this area as a work in progress, with
further plans, contributions and impacts to be developed and
delivered over time.

THESUNDAY TIMES
st

‘BEST SMALL
COMPANIES:
Towontcat
2020

Alpha appeared in
The Sunday Times Top
100 Best Small Companies
to Work For for four
consecutive years 2017-20
and, in 2021, ranked in
the UK’s 100 Best

Large Companies to
Work For.

Creating the Best Consulting Company

Alpha’s people are the reason we succeed. We depend on their
knowledge, skill and professionalism every day and, therefore,
we constantly seek to ensure that the years they spend working
at Alpha will stand out as the best of their careers. We believe
that providing a positive and inspiring work environment will help
us foster a high-performance culture that delivers exceptional
outcomes for clients and great professional and personal
fulfilment for our employees. This is the key to creating the best
consulting company.

Alpha's culture is meritocratic and focusses on talent,
entrepreneurial thinking, commitment and aspiration. We have
put in place training and mentoring programmes to support our
employees and encourage collaboration across the company to
help our people expand their knowledge and draw on Alpha’s
collective intelligence to meet the needs of our clients. The
quality of our working environment has won numerous awards
and we are proud to have earned excellent reviews from
present and former employees on Glassdoor.

Given the critical role that our people play in Alpha’s long-term
success, we place great emphasis on ethical conduct and high
professional standards. We stress these as part of our core values
in Alpha’s Employee Handbook, which provide all employees
with a clear understanding of the ideals that we aspire to in all
areas of our business. We publish clear policies for our people
on anti-bribery, confidentiality, IT security and acceptable use,
whistleblowing and anti-tax evasion, and we encourage them to
question and report anything that raises concerns. Our annual
performance reviews include an assessment of professional
integrity and compliance with Alpha’s policies.


===== page 57 =====
55

Annual Report 2021

Our core values define who we are both
as a company and as professionals:

Woes accountability ty

fdeliveryRawerownanditake]
responsibility,fomoutcomes)

(Ouncompany providesta

meritocratic, sociable and

. supportive environment oCQUEES
Wao proactive omQCEQeEP . 6
erp eS sth stiple ti
etamhopaemmleniesyrane | - . ‘We puemitits deep expertise Maen (tobe recognised.as the bestiplace.to

experiencerorfindlsolutions. Thaany eipsetetet eres

Work imounmndustry,

‘Everything we do is defined by
ing, i» we hold ourselves

W Ut id,
to the highest standards

of transparency, honesty {| Gitey responsible
and personal integrity

“We are a tight-knit group of consultants who want to
enjoy their work, achieve every success for the company
and deliver the best results for clients. Together, we share

-in our achievements, work hard and continue to learn
from one another as a global team.”

Alpha employee



===== page 58 =====
56

Annual Report 2021

Role in Society

Looking After Our People continued

Experiences

Sarah Andrews
HR Generalist, Axxsys

joined the Alpha Group in June 2019, when Alpha
acquired Axxsys Consulting, where | have been an
employee since 2008. The acquisition has undoubtedly
been an exciting time in Axxsys’s history.

| was part of the team involved in the integration of
Axxsys into Alpha. Being a member of the integration
team connected me with many of the Alpha community
from day one, including senior management, finance, HR
and legal teams, and it was abruptly clear how driven,
focussed, and supportive they were. My first impressions
were that of a friendly, hard-working yet approachable
and energetic team, where every success is celebrated

Whilst | manage the HR and operational/administrative
division within Axxsys for our offices in London,
Copenhagen and Toronto, | am also part of the wider
Alpha HR network where, as a group from locations all
cover the world, we come together frequently to share ideas,
act as sounding boards, and generally encourage and
support each other on a regular basis. Being part of this
broader team has given me a brilliant insight into the Alpha
culture and its unique people, and it is also a great
opportunity for me to continue to develop my skills

and talent.

Ihave also been working closely with other members
of the Alpha team on data protection governance and
Ihave taken a lead operational role for Axxsys. There is
an ever increasing focus on this topic and we have been
developing our processes, information security measures
and internal training accordingly. In the context of the
last year, and with so many of the workforce working
remotely, it has been more important than ever to have
embedded good practices

As a firm, we are growing rapidly, and it’s a very compelling
journey to be part of. | look forward to learning more from
my colleagues and contributing to its success in the
coming years

Recruitment

Alpha is seen as one of the most exciting and rewarding
companies to work for in our market, thanks to our excellent
reputation and impressive track record. We receive many
unsolicited approaches and attract large numbers of applicants
to join Alpha.

In hiring, we focus on finding extremely talented individuals
who show strong commitment and the desire to succeed, and
we review our recruitment processes continually to ensure they
are thorough and effective. During the past year, in light of the
pandemic, we paused much recruitment but continued to make
strategic hires, receiving excellent feedback from candidates
on their experience of engaging with us. Having removed the
business protection measures, our in-house recruitment processes
are now fully re-mobilised in the second half of the year.

Receiving the offer of a role at Alpha is seen as an achievement
in our industry. This is not an easy company to join, but once
on board, our employees are provided with all the specialist
knowledge, support and training that they need to thrive.

Developing Our People

Alpha has a meritocratic culture and prides itself on being an
organisation in which people treat each other as equals and
work closely on first-name terms. We reject “up or out” policies
practised at some other firms. This enables high-performing
team members to advance their careers much more quickly

at Alpha than elsewhere. All promotions are based on our
assessment of individual merit and performance.

Career development and training are essential elements of our
support structure, and we have an established mentoring and
employee oversight framework that covers our people at all
levels and across all regions. We recognise the importance of
helping our people to develop their careers and support this
process by assigning everyone a mentor, with whom they are
encouraged to discuss their aspirations and development needs.
As part of our feedback system, overseen by the HR team, all
employees receive regular feedback from their mentor and
project leads, alongside annual performance reviews

We invest in training and development programmes to build our
people's consulting skills, specialist delivery qualifications and
industry expertise. In addition to internal training resources and


===== page 59 =====
57

Annual Report 2021

curricula, employees receive five days a year training allowance
to use on external training qualifications. These include industry-
leading certifications from professional organisations such as
the Chartered Financial Analyst Institute, the Chartered Institute
of Securities & Investment and the Chartered Alternative
Investment Analyst Association.

Our training programmes extend across the company, with all
directors receiving guidance and training appropriate to their
role on appointment or promotion. This includes topics such as
culture and behaviours, proposition and knowledge management,
account management, sales and commercial management,
service delivery and engagement management.

We encourage all employees to take an entrepreneurial and
proactive approach to their career development by identifying the
training that they feel will be most relevant and useful to them
in their role. However, alongside these formal training initiatives,
we also ensure that employees gain unique knowledge and
practical experience by working alongside more experienced
colleagues and attending meetings with some of the most
senior and influential! people within our client organisations.

We have an excellent record of developing our people and
promoting from within. Several graduates from our first intakes
in 2012 and 2013 have gone on to become directors, which
increases transparency and confidence in our commitment to
career development. We want everyone who works at Alpha to
have an inspiring and fulfilling career here, with the support of
our training programmes, on-the-job learning opportunities
and commitment to progression on merit.

Operations, Support and
the Working Environment

Our consultants deliver many of the industry’s most complex
and challenging projects. We put considerable thought and
great effort into making sure that they have the tools and
support that they need to perform at their best.

We have invested in a robust, secure, cloud-based IT infrastructure
that enables our people to work and collaborate effectively,
wherever they are. This allowed us to transition seamlessly to
remote working following the COVID-19 outbreak, as described
further in the “our response to COVID-19" section later in this
report. As Alpha has grown, we have expanded our central
operations team in line with our increasing scale and reach.

Lana Baker-Munton
Global Recruitment Lead, UK

| joined Alpha back in 2015 on the UK graduate recruitment
programme. | didn’t know it at the time, but the following
six years would be such a wonderful experience!

| spent the first 18 months working on consulting projects
from our London office before seconding to New York,

here | spent two more years working across New York,
Chicago and Baltimore. | feel very lucky to have had the
opportunity to work and travel across cultures - and am
very grateful to Alpha for allowing me to do so!

| honestly think one of the best things about Alpha is
that every employee has the opportunity to genuinely

contribute to one of the business management functions
Since my very first week at Alpha, I've worked on projects

relating to recruitment, training, people and talent. One
of the highlights for me was setting up the inaugural US
graduate recruitment scheme back in 2018!

Throughout my three and a half years in consulting,
| discovered that | was truly passionate about the world
of people and talent and was keen to pursue that full
time. Upon my transition back to the UK in 2018, Alpha
supported me in a move internal to the business operations
team where | ran the UK recruitment function and worked
with the Chief Operating Officer on people and talent
initiatives. | now manage the global recruitment function
~ and have recently supported such business projects as
managing the global offices throughout the pandemic.

It's been such a journey since | joined in 2015 - and |
feel lucky to have joined a company that has not only
allowed me to grow professionally, but also supported
me personally throughout. Alpha really is a special place
= which, luckily for me, makes my job easier in recruitment!



===== page 60 =====
58

Annual Report 2021

Role in Society

Looking After Our People continued

Monitoring and ensuring the wellbeing and satisfaction levels of
our people is hugely important to Alpha as an employer. We review
and support our employees’ wellbeing from the day they join
and throughout their time at Alpha through regular surveys,

a broad and active support framework overseen by our internal
HR team, one-to-one mentoring and the work of our internal
wellbeing champions, who are trained in mental health first aid.
These systems proved indispensable during the COVID-19
pandemic, when employees had to accommodate huge and
sudden changes to their work and personal lives, with all the
potential for stress that came with them.

Our people are our greatest strength

Our clients recognise the quality and experience of our
people. It is thanks to the exceptional calibre of our
global teams that we retain very strong recognition in
the market and loyalty across our client base.

The most talented consultants in the industry join
Alpha for its leading industry reputation, the invaluable
experiences that they gain working on impactful industry-
defining projects, a highly competitive compensation
package and the unique, inclusive culture that places

people at the heart of the business.

&

Attracting the best talent

consultant

headcount

growth since
IPO

total headcount consultants
including
business

operations

Director hires and promotions

FY 18 FY 19 FY 20

Sharing in Our Success

Alpha offers a highly competitive compensation framework to
attract and retain high-performing people at all levels. We aim
to motivate people financially, culturally and through other ways
of recognising and rewarding outstanding performance by
individuals and teams.

As an employer, Alpha differentiates itself from
competitors in the following ways:

* Our reputation as a leading consultancy in our industry;

* Acompetitive compensation package, including
participation in the Company's differentiating profit-
sharing scheme (or cash bonus);

* A strong corporate culture that places people at the
heart of the business;

* Opportunities to gain invaluable experience by working
in small teams on high-profile, industry-leading projects,
and to take on additional responsibility at an early stage

* Comprehensive training, development and feedback to
build consulting skills and specialist knowledge;

* Progression based on merit, with no set time at any level;

* An open, diverse and inclusive environment with a strong
employee support framework;

* Encouragement to contribute entrepreneurial ideas to
develop Alpha's business;

* Acomprehensive training and development programme
that develops employees’ skills and expertise:

* Opportunities to take part in and contribute to managing
the business; and

* Management incentives that celebrate success and
provide rewards to retain and incentivise the directors
and senior leadership team.

We recognise the huge contributions of our employees in various
ways including events during the year to celebrate success,
company milestones and the achievements of different groups.
During normal times, these include in-person promotion
celebrations, mentor-mentee socials and peer group outings,
as well as larger events such as Christmas parties, year-end
celebration dinners and international summer conferences.
Recognising success is an essential part of Alpha’s culture:
we have “shout-out” processes to enable anyone in the
organisation to highlight individuals and teams that have
delivered outstanding performances of all kinds.


===== page 61 =====
59

Annual Report 2021

Running the Business

We encourage all our employees to get involved in managing
the business, enabling them to contribute directly to Alpha's
success and to develop their interests and talents further. Our
people take part in a range of business management activities
including CSR, diversity and inclusion (“D&I”), IT and infrastructure
management, marketing and business development. Alpha
consultants also contribute to the delivery of internal change
projects, enabling them to share their insights from client
engagements and contribute to the design of Alpha’s
infrastructure, adoption frameworks and processes.

The global consulting teams are also directly involved in
recruitment and the interviewing of candidates. This means
that our people can contribute directly to the growth of Alpha
and the addition of new talent, expertise and ideas to the
Group. We receive excellent feedback from candidates about
their experiences during the interview process, and that the
interviewers are regularly the winning factor in them deciding
to join Alpha.

Employee Feedback

Regular communication and a free flow of information and
feedback throughout the Group are essential to encouraging
strong employee engagement. This, in turn, helps to create
the collaborative, open working environment that underpins
our success.

We want everyone to be aware of the Group's progress, issues
under consideration and key decisions and to be able to
contribute to these discussions so that they feel informed

and invested. Our Global Chief Executive Officer takes part in
a video interview every month, answering questions submitted
by our employees and, alongside this, we hold monthly
company meetings for all our regional business units, which
ensure a regular management cascade of information about
business activities and news, as well as events and plans of
strategic importance.

We also monitor our employees’ satisfaction and opinions about
working at Alpha via an annual survey, which enables everyone
to provide anonymous feedback. Employee feedback has led to
many new initiatives, ranging from changes to internal policy and
communications, technology and productivity improvements,
to creating further variety in Alpha’s social agenda.

Enabling effective collaboration across our global teams is also
vital, both to our service proposition and to promoting employee
engagement and satisfaction. Our internal digital collaboration
platform, launched in 2017, is used extensively for social
interaction as well as internal training, policy updates, access
to expertise across the globe for project delivery and to share
news of successes from around the Group.

Tara Al-Azawie
Senior Manager, UK

| joined Alpha from a digital consultants as | was looking
to utilise my digital specialism with asset and wealth
managers. | had heard about Alpha from previous

colleagues and the culture was the big draw.

The culture is based on collaboration and trust. | was

~impressed to learn that Alpha has a readily available set

of project methodologies and best practices - and you
are actively encouraged to work with colleagues to learn
about previous projects, and use this in your own
delivery. This collaborative approach, where everyone
has a voice, empowers staff across the business and
enables clients to receive the best quality of outputs.

Aside from client work, | lead Alpha’s internal marketing
content and social team. We have developed an engine
of content creation that has successfully built out our
thought leadership capability and raised Alpha’s profile
with clients. It has been great to be able to lead such a
key part of Alpha’s marketing efforts.



===== page 62 =====
60

Annual Report 2021

Response to COVID-19

Alpha was able to respond quickly and effectively to the
pandemic, thanks to our global, cloud-based technology
infrastructure, operational flexibility and the incredible

resilience and professionalism of our people.

Our absolute priorities in the face of COVID-19 were to protect
our people and do the best possible job for our clients. The
transition to remote working was quick and seamless in terms
of technology and processes, enabling us to continue delivering
in-flight projects and agreeing new engagements. However,
remote working placed an entirely new set of demands and
strains on everyone who works for Alpha and we therefore
needed to ensure they had the support that they needed.

We ran regular surveys to discover the range of issues that were
‘on employees’ minds as a result of remote working and the
pressures of balancing professional and personal commitments.
We also conducted a series of in-depth focus groups to gain
better insights into the challenges facing our people. Throughout
the pandemic, our major concern has been to identify those who
were experiencing difficulties and provide effective support.
This led us to focus on three key areas:

* Employees’ mental health and wellbeing, which we already
monitor continuously through our HR-led support framework
and the wellbeing team. We also published guidelines on
remote working patterns and practices to help employees
structure their time and gave our senior team guidance on
how to communicate on this topic.

* Social events: we wanted employees to continue engaging
with each other even though the normal social life of the
company could not continue. We offered ideas for events
that the teams could organise remotely or within local
restrictions, as well as organisation-wide events such as
virtual parties to celebrate the festive season and monthly
company meetings.

* New joiners: we paid special attention to those who joined
Alpha during this period and had no opportunity to meet their
colleagues in person. We concentrated on areas including
onboarding, training, social contacts and ongoing support,
trying at all times to help them absorb the Alpha culture,
avoid stress and adopt sustainable ways of working.

Throughout this period, we have prioritised regular, two-way
communication, with Alpha’s Global Chief Executive Officer
taking part in regular video sessions to answer questions from
the team. Our employees have responded magnificently,
supporting each other with social and community events such
as virtual coffee catch-ups, online pub quizzes, board games,
book club and Friday drinks, sharing their hobbies with others
and setting up online communities around their interests. Thanks
to their engagement and strong team spirit, we were able to
adapt and thrive through this extraordinarily difficult time.

Anna Skylakaki
Senior Manager, UK

We responded super-fast to make sure everything was great
from a client perspective, but | got involved to think about how
we could go from coping with the new situation to actually
thriving as a team, working with our social and wellbeing
business management teams, and starting some new initiatives.

One thing that the employee surveys crystallised for me was

that there were people who absolutely loved the flexibility of
working from home and there were others who were struggling
So, the question became: how do we make sure that the

people who are not doing so well are looked after and that
work doesn’t add to their problems? And, since we're a hugely

sociable company, how do we hold on to that?

Personally, the flexibility that working from home has given
me has been one of the best things about this period but it’s
also challenging for people because the normal boundaries
around the working day are blurred. We have had to focus
on equipping people to feel confident in how they manage
their time. At the moment, we are thinking a lot about how
we can retain as many of the benefits of that flexibility as
possible as we return to a more normal environment.


===== page 63 =====
él

Annual Report 2021

“The culture is based on collaboration and

trust. This collaborative approach, where
everyone has a voice, empowers staff
across the business and enables clients
to receive the best quality of outputs.”

Alpha employee


===== page 64 =====
62

Annual Report 2021

Role in Society
Diversity and Inclusion

Ensuring that our team reflects the communities in which
they operate is the ultimate aim of Diversity & Inclusion at
Alpha; our programme was launched in 2015 to accelerate

progress towards this outcome.

Diversity & Inclusion Programme

Our commitment and social responsibility to be a diverse, open
and inclusive organisation has long been clear. This is now
augmented by an increasing body of research that highlights
the strong correlation between corporate diversity and
long-term value creation.

At Alpha, operating in an industry with notably low levels of
diversity, we have long recognised that increasing the
representativeness of our team will require a variety of changes
to our culture, policies and processes. And, only by committing
to delivering them together, over a sustained period, in a
well-considered sequence, will we make meaningful progress.
With that in mind, during the formative stage of our Diversity &
Inclusion (“D&I”) programme, we worked primarily on establishing
a culture of inclusivity from the bottom up.

Charlotta ite
Analy stauiy

During}the summerofimy firstyearat,WanwicklUniversitys
Pwhichlwastruntinfoarinershipgwithithe Social| Mobility]
[[oundation¥Attthisistagerormyslifeiididinot|knowawhal
[wanteditofdofoutli|wasisurelthat|iwanted}tohwork\forg
WWinistresearchinaithesfirmsand]|throughoutitheintewiew]
[process¥Alphaaimostisoundedhtoogood lojbextrucy
Imyidesire}to.getjontoltne Alphalgraduatelschemey

(Yessithanithreelyearsiiateryalphalhasjalmost{doubledjin}
(Sizelandfoniy{continuesttojgrowsuoiningrastalgraduatesin}
{tnelmidstfoffalpandemicwasmotiwhatll Koanyonegcould)
(haveJanticipated {ioweverSitfhas|beenlanfamazing]
(experience: soffazvand]i{cant{quite believe howimuchy
liao temidiexy Man Abncp isgac gs
Bear yresponsioiityt trealystirue Outsiceor prolect)
bworkAamiinvolvedinraising awarenessaboutland)
[mprovinggouy mernallSocial| Monit ongous ioe)
inctworks)grunningjassessmenticentrestas parlor ine)
(oraduatetrecruitmentieamand|havecoswrttensal]
Pericle onfour.202i{dataoperatingimodelstresearch

[Evenjthoughimostrotimylinteractions\nave beenthroughy
olscrcensitisnt{hardtorget[attee|of/Alpna sisupportivey
{collaborativelandifunyculturedi[cannotythinktofanywhere)
felsell| wouldjrather{startimyicareerand)|ook}forward}to}
Pwhatithelfuture holdsfogbothimyselffand/Aiphay



===== page 65 =====
63

Annual Report 2021

Our progress has been made possible by the six D&! networks,
established and run voluntarily by 40+ members of our team,
focussed on key areas: Ethnic & Cultural Diversity; Social
Mobility; Gender Equality; Wellbeing; Disability Confidence and
Pride. Additionally, while, initially, the programme was mainly
led out of the UK, where we are headquartered, over the last
12 months we have worked to globalise our D&! programme,
with formal representation now in place across all the regions
in which Alpha operates.

The voluntary commitment of the team driving our network-led
initiatives (the highlights of which are detailed on the following
pages), and wide support for the programme, is evidence of
progression made in embedding a firm-wide culture of
inclusivity. We recognise that now is therefore the time to
progress to the next stage of our journey.

Building on this culture, we have begun the process of refining our
approaches to talent acquisition, development and assessment:
a crucial step to increasing the representativeness of our team
across all levels. We are actively reviewing how our existing
governance needs to be modified to reflect this shift in focus.
As a result, we have introduced new business management roles
across all Alpha regions that will coordinate the production of
region-specific cross-network D&l strategies that address
local needs, accounting for local laws and cultural practices.

Recognising that changes to embed talent management
processes necessitate senior representation and support, we
have also begun piloting director-level network sponsorship in
the UK. Refinement of existing talent management processes will
also require close collaboration with other teams across Alpha.
We are therefore additionally piloting the introduction of new
dedicated roles in D&I and recruitment teams to facilitate this
collaboration on joint initiatives, with the intention to roll out a
similar approach to other areas if the pilot proves successful.

Fabien Lortal

Senior Manager, Europe

| joined Alpha France in 2017 after 10 years of working
for a software vendor in the asset management space.

As an engineer by background, | have always been curious
about new technologies and how to best match them
with my industry. Alpha has given me the opportunity to
help our asset and wealth management clients improve
their operational models with this guiding principle.

Alpha allo
collectively sI

consultants from many countries to
pe a unique vision for the asset and

ealth management industries and to build thought
leadership on key topics. In this context, | was excited

“Yo drganise a conférence on “machine learning” applied
to asset and wealth management, followed by a roundtable

with industry leaders

Alpha is also fostering innovation through the “Innovation
at Alpha” initiative, which provides consultants a platform
to accelerate ideas, leveraging Alpha's management

guidance and expertise. T

of top-skilled people, with different backgrounds and

Alpha team is a group

riences — all animated by a strong entrepreneurial
spirit and contributing to an inspiring work environment!

Diversity and inclusion is at the core of Alpha’ culture
and organisation, and | am glad to be part of the
dedicated programme and governance in place working
with Alpha’s leadership on D&l initiatives. Being the D&l
Lead for Europe, | am acting as a point of contact for
lIbeing and parental

to monitor

my region on topics such as w
support. For instance, | help define surv

being, work-life balance and aspirations within the
Alpha team. As a young dad, | pay a close attention to
balance topic,

and definition in this time of the pandemic.

the work-| hich needs extra focus

Ihave found at Alpha both the inspirational ground to
thrive as a consultant and as a dad!



===== page 66 =====
64

Annual Report 2021

Role in Society

Diversity and Inclusion continued

Equality, Diversity and
Inclusion Commitment

Alpha is an equal opportunities employer and it is Alpha’s policy
to ensure that all job applicants and employees are treated
fairly and on merit regardless of race, ethnicity, nationality,
gender, sexual orientation, religious belief, political opinion,
age or disability.

The core principles of
Alpha’s D&I policy are:

Educate and involve people from all backgrounds to
understand and promote gender, sexual orientation,
disability, cultural and socio-economic diversity
through the organisation;

Retain Alpha’s meritocratic culture of rewarding
talent regardless of what makes them unique,
whilst continuously challenging our understanding
of meritocracy;

Improve the diversity of both our applicant pool

as well as the Alpha team at all levels;

Support external initiatives that raise the profile

of under-represented groups in business;
Contribute to a positive environment for

" underrepresented groups at Alpha.

Alpha’s commitment to a positive policy of promoting equality
of opportunity and diversity, providing an inclusive environment,
and eliminating any unfair or unlawful discrimination applies to
all offices, all business areas, all levels from graduate to the
Global Chief Executive Officer, and at all times.

Michelle Dadzie

Assistant Management Accountan

| joined Alpha because | wanted to work within a
hard-working environment. | was extremely excited and
highly motivated to join such a fast-paced impressive
business so early on in my career. The finance team is
made up of several impressive individuals and it has
been an honour to learn and work alongside them over
the past years. Throughout the two years, | have also
been promoted to assistant management accountant
and have seen my knowledge and accounting
capabilities grow exponentially.

1am very interested in diversity and inclusion and, at
Alpha, | have had the opportunity to co-lead our Ethnic
and Cultural Diversity committee. During our first year
as a committee, we held a panel event to celebrate
Black History Month. This panel event included a blend
of professionals across industries and really captured
the black British experience — | was so pleased to have
the opportunity to take a part on the panel.

We have also held quarterly celebrations evenings for
religious events, conversations on racial tensions and
allyship - and the list goes on. It has been a real
pleasure to combine my work with my passions and my
experience with Alpha thus far has helped me to grow
into the woman | am today. | look forward to the growth
and success of Alpha in the coming years.



===== page 67 =====
65

Annual Report 2021

Ethoicls\culturalowversitviar COpl stabs Mnctwordaia pial
Prates\committeditoyenseLngisucces Mow piatemplovecs)
acrossFallfethnicWculturallandireligioustbackgLouncsitrOughy
initiativestandiactivities\tnatidhivexequalltVicnchaclusivityy

Over tie PAS een he FAD teem hes comers) 8 aaeitieels
offrclevantltopicslandiinitiat ves@inistinclucedirespondin god
thefchallenginglocalia chor deventstoig2 02s BWithISupporty
Pecourcestan claw areness\suchastamcOnversatlOUSMVty
[EC Dp oor ammesthaypromotediopenidialoguexongt hen Opicl
Colfraciaiitensionstan dither JevelOpmenvoutesourcciquides)
inpelationstozallyshipwantaBlackiracisiandpantie Semitisiny
Bele CbInetworktalsovlectaninitiativelt kexpalGane)

feestatusestthatfarcluse Olona phaismatennalicollaborationy

 pietitenm to casresem cite petites and peMams Chery
thebworkingiday gi ncludingiocaycratiney

Shishycarsthese Goinetworkihastalsolieviewediitsysttatcgyy
aad epdenas fs camtel cjsctives, Taso ceactives ance

° Wepine chutelhy dete ane iene prageSs,
° Wkhoadion Gali appats chute miy

(Carcemlogressiong
tM Ofeducatcyoniculturallandyreligioustconsideratlonswwit hy
ieagends % traw we warts

PB olen Gagenwithiindividualswaroupstandporganisations) :
Puithinttnerw i dedindustryzandicom munityatone| Ds OLCLiVe)
felmoretdiversemworkforce sand] |

RM Xeliveincicasedtcnowledgexoqceyge COOpICS LoCo a a
fthefcreatiofoficontenttroginte:palrandrexternalkaudicn cosy

Wo ae cise axcitad t be teenesing eur cites en
loderstandingivesipracticczacrossit Dem ndusti yan kecnsy}
foffethnicityadata@careeiap ro gression andithesworkplace@ Vc)
fookonwardtollmplementin kal angcromiurtheminitiatlves)
fandfeducatipalisessionstossuppouinoettcmthelcedsy i
[concerstanduinterest Komi noritygethnicityzancrcultural
Gaps & Alsi,

Social Mobility
Biefcociallmobilityyteambworkstoxcreatexequalloppostup tics)
fan dfaninclusivetenvironmenttinwhichipeople|cantaccess
fandlexcelbwithingthelfinanciallsemicestand.consulting i ndustyg
eeseclonfpotentalanceo (yt respectiveroroackarouncy

intthelUKawelhavelnowsbeemworkinghinipartnershio\withthe)
Griten Test ey Gree ES Tip Shit Test Bo gioaig,
feducationallchantyidedicatedItoimproving]sociall mobility
andlaccessttolthetmosticompetitive| ndusiesdOvertne}
pasthy cartwelhavelworkedloniceveralinitiativesywiththeny
[ocludinglpanticipationtiniineigvituallsummenconferenceyiow
Studentstfromliowegsocioeconomictgroupssnosting}several]
Students{ogougannualeConsultingh Oudmasterclass yang)
providingymateriallfotheignewonlinerplatformmfogstudents)
fodrawfuponyWeshaveralsopartneredwithythessociall Mobility]
fooundationtagainitofprovidelmentoringltolundergraduates}
fromfeconomically{disadvantagedIbackgroundstandnave)
[collaborateciwithiBrightNetworkmarcarce@ouented inet work)

fof[universityistudentsyancigraduatestintneUKfontnelg
Phaugurallsociallobility[panel gl nefpanelisidesigned}toy
fassisttunder graduatetstudents\f move gsOcioeconomnic]
foackgroundstintapolying\iogtolcsy

PA phalrancelliasipantneeonwitharoxitelsincey2 OL Saaroxitcy
feYatchartyprovidingimentoringgeducationalcupportangy
(Carcefadviceli ony oungipeoplesiromdisadvantaged)
backgroundsaWelnavercontinued,onvorkawittythemporprovice)
[mentoringtoyyoungipeopleaiiuniversitoutnerstanlogtnely
(CarcersNandwwelbavermalntainedyinisyengagementin ough)
ther OVIDS| Joandemicloyidigitallmeansy

(internally welcontinvey opocustonlcalsingfawareness)
Gg toca tae? easton, The Soak) Monthy
feanyasocolaborateswwithqver custoineamtemalea sy
exces wean and tetany, % naw Ten ALAS
[oracticestarersupportiverandiundegcontinuallassessment}
TTPO CeMpacssts actity tors,



===== page 68 =====
66

Annual Report 2021

Role in Society

Diversity and Inclusion continued

Bqualigy

tinfthellastfyearfalphalnastcontinueditoformalisesits}
companyand,within ounwidenindustryslo.maximise,ounreachy
Ew ithinya phaliniparticularzandjtoyincludesas|manyipeopleasy
ipossiblefiniconversationstonigenderidiversityatheGenderg
[Equality](sGEg)icommitteercreated|the|GEinetwork nis}
fandlopinions.ttowdiscussttnemlinarsafe¥supportiverand]
[inclusivefenvironmenty

pr hroughoutithelyeargthe,GE(committeelhastiedionyalr ange)

fotjimportantinitiativesgincludingy

fem nternational\Women s[Day {tisjyeartasjaremindegtnat]
fwercamalschooser ochaliengetneinequall wancioenced
fbiasithatiwomen}iacesthesthemenvaskchooseltoy
challenge gl injinetwithithisyalpha sxGElcommittee hosted]
B lunchland learnsguchared|informativelpostsjandiran}
[GE sfocussed{coffeestand{quizzessimescommittee]also}
(coordinatedJawirtualjglobal[panelffoyinternational]
Women s]Day¥fomwhichyditterentiwomentacrossitnc]
(organisation(aneo)avoul|nenprcressionalexpenences]

Pe nternationallMen s|Day ttorcelebratelinternational|Men s}
day thelGe{committeetcollaboratediwithhiRitorraise)
fawarenessjaround/Alpha sishared|parentallleavepolicyy

We were delighted that¥as'a'directiresultfofthese.sessions§
ithe ,conversationfonithisitopicgnastincreasedjsignificantly
fm Gender equality Gifilliststo.celebratesthelfestivetscasong
the WKiGEiteamtrialled putting togethenayfunrlistofgendey
tinclusivestoysiforfcolleaguesltoxconsidegaddingitoitneirg
sThe-celebration ideajwasrreceivedtextremelyy
fwellland]thelfinalliist{includedlay<amalayparristaction)
ffigureygendeyneutralidress-upidolistand|oooks\featuring]
girisyas\thesherorotithelstory’

FAsTparttoficonsideringlhowsitycancontributeltorraising)
Ewareness-andiimproving.genderimbalancelinthe|wided
fcommunityathe GEfcommittee.collaboratedfomaypieceoy
fthoughtjleadershiptabout}thebenefitstorgenderdiversityy
linthejwealthimanagementiindustry @l helpiecediscussed]
fhow[progressyinithistareaycanyresult[intincreased}returns\forg
fwealthimanagers¥inyadditionstorreflectingitherpriorities\ofg
regulatorslregarding)diversityiwithingfinanciallservicesy

ai nexGE{committeeralsofcontinued]its\dialoguelwithwiderg
[Daifteamstas\welllasiLiRwand)seniowleadershipjteamsein}
ithelyeargthis}collaborationfresultediinreviewfandimaking]
[somefenhancementsitovalpha stinternallsuccessiframeworky

toyensurestheyuse,otygenderaneutrallwordingland}recognition
foffskilistthat{can[befassociated}withfalligendersy

| Wallloaiing

aSTanrer ployer SwelarcicommittegqtonprovidinglaMopeny
Bupporivfacckcolacotvevene onan ogelougeecorc)
Aa tneS Wo tela Get he kedined wallbaig acu
cep Se cree taty ta Coban existe Stang
fesureyougerents\cevclonmoenchenmcoug ony
(Cafenned team, end mnacting tho chatongs ce tas

Beorowing}ousinessy

wellbeing] stalkeyyareatoiffocusiogAlpnaQoutLt ni s\2s)
deen oanticulariyimoontaniicucngitneypastycarqwitoug

| ctiend cia ecpatarany tho toteton, wnestetity and

Raines Seupin eben by tro COVEO pendeanta,

(euilsinggonexstinginitiativesswelnavetmonitored]ang]
frespondediiostatmeecstinrcuontecuiammelberappelsc}
Surveys\providedjadditionallpeegsupportjvialwellbeing)

(championsitranedinymentalfneattniirsttadgandlottered)
(requlagresliencecoachNGWvOrRen ODS Vem aveqenCouraGeU]
openranciirequen{cisloguersooutwvelloe NORTOUGhy
(organsechpancievensiancymorey informally wviaqwelloe ng]
[coffeeimectingstandionline}forumsy

BT nistycarnastalsorprovidedJantoppontunitystoreassess[oul
Pworking}patterns¥injtesponsestolthelcurrent{sitUatlon with)
Bulpetacibaw culayga, aw uihaqeata
[potentiallworkplaceJofftheltutureqwelhavetalsofdevcloped]
Come}guidelinesyiogromote\workinggwnichyaimtoyempowerg
Statftolsetferfectivelboundarestaround\workinginourstand)
fuseforftechnology\Welseettinisyastan|importanopponunityy
fofhelpfouteams|belnappier tnealthieandymorezerfective}
ewenlmmbgam



===== page 69 =====
67

Annual Report 2021

Dikebitity Coniickanas

Pa alpnaQweyarecommittedyobeingiadisablitystrendy]
forganisationfensuring thatfall ou employees feel supported]
[includinglrecruitmenttand|Boperate withoutlanyfuntaigorg

eM Disability, confidence accrecitation. Alpnavs’proud to.bea

[Disability Confidentemployer (accreditation|evel.2)[and]
°

champions groups he disability=confidence champions

eresecioatecpopacsmoyawarcneseytroughy internal an}
{intthelpastyear\we sawiAlpna raise over.£400 forthe)
Paizveimenssocie\inrouchyaniinternall jorgan'seogrun)
frondementiagchallengezas welllasaylunchvandliear ng
fonneurodiversity,delivered|by Employability four chosen]
Uiipartner for this, D8 networks Our disability, confidence)

Pendlemponern seca oqo ogee one cus eeae]
ine eonvellorentstioneaoence yogi mneconter toy
fusing heropportunityol oneratinayemoteyytoexperiment)

Feccess Sevanc) mpsctill coi necevapnaranc loreal

{ASIpartlotthisfobjectiveyinutne)pastyyearthel pride}
Inetworklhas/organised{anumberofimportantievents]
fand.conversationsyincluding |
fi losted/alremotewvirtuallpride celebration fouaipha)
La ield[a global/Pride panelleventyto.discuss'Alpha’s}
GBT Zemployeesqpersonal experiences across.ourg
llocations:}

[created an’Alpha'pride pledge,to encourage employees
toeducate.themselveston|UGBTaahistoryand)issuesy

[discuss themwith\colleagues'and family{and support]
U'GBTatcauses both financially,via\donationsfand

Girectlysthroughadvocacy van]

°
FrunclionncludinglinteniewerMnineu iano vaverciso)

fe Data-led insights:tin ordersto bette,ascertain\where.
werareseckinatowdevelopcatslec] signs gL icy aim |
|

frocussingfon NBT topics|undenthe) ride umbrellagwhich)

Reflecting an-ongoing emphasis on fostering awareness
community.and solidarityythe pride,team,willlalso.be
formalising’Alpha's UGBTweducatiomcurriculumsfoy

eurrenemployeestandnew,joiners



===== page 70 =====
68

Annual Report 2021

Role in Society

Community & Corporate
Social Responsibility

We understand the importance of ethical conduct
and social responsibility to the communities and
the environment in which we work. At every level of
our governance, we promote a culture that values
human rights, environmental awareness and high

corporate standards.

Corporate Social Responsibility Objectives

A key component of the role we play within society are our
corporate social responsibility ("CSR") objectives. We are

committed to conducting the business in an ethical manner and
engaging in activities that maximise the benefits and minimise the
downsides of our economic, social and environmental impacts.

Alpha’s vision is to be a socially and ethically responsible firm
that gives back to the wider community and makes a tangible
positive impact to offset our residual effect on the environment.
Furthermore, we aim to combat and prevent modern slavery,
human trafficking and exploitation throughout our business,
supply and procurement chains. Alpha’s internal CSR team
supports the work to ensure that the vision is met and that the
wider Alpha team remains informed on opportunities to contribute
to the global effort.

As a firm, we believe that Alpha’s experience, values and
skillset can and should benefit the wider community. Alpha’s
internal CSR team has worked with Heart of the City, a registered
charity based in London, to define and implement its global
CSR policy.

The chosen priorities of the
CSR policy are:

Minimising our impact on the environment;
Promoting a good work/life balance: encouraging
flexible working patterns, offering a cycle-to-work
scheme, parental leave allowance;

Working with ethical suppliers and local businesses;
Commitment to the delivery of modern human rights;
Ensuring that our employees can participate in
voluntary charitable and community-based activities:
partnering with social mobility foundations and
providing a Charity of the Year programme;
Identifying pro bono consulting and project work that
our teams can support on a voluntary basis; and
Providing a framework for charitable fundraising and
payroll giving.


===== page 71 =====
69

Annual Report 2021

Pillars of Alpha CSR

CSR at Alpha is currently managed through two key areas:
community and sustainability. Both pillars are managed
through a global CSR structure, including a global CSR
Steering Committee.

The community pillar focusses on making visible positive impacts

in the community through fundraising, pro bono consulting,
volunteering and networking. Examples of our work in this
area include our Charity of the Year programme; community

engagement; encouragement of employee volunteering; support

for local businesses and employees.

The sustainability pillar prioritises creating awareness of
environmental concerns and contributing to its protection.
Example of our work in this pillar include Alpha’s carbon
footprint offsetting initiative, energy efficiency programmes
and waste reduction efforts.

CSR Activities during COVID-19

Community and corporate social responsibility have always
been very important to Alpha's leadership team, employees

and the organisation as a whole. The global Alpha teams were
very sensitive to the new challenges that COVID-19 posed for

charities and benevolent efforts at large, and they adapted

their CSR activities in response to the constraints and impacts

of the pandemic.

Our teams recognise that many charities have been affected by
COVID-19 due to fewer donations, less in-person volunteering
and fewer fundraising opportunities. Alpha continued to maintain

a very strong relationship with its Charity of the Year partner,
Ocean Generation 75, using multiple approaches to enhance

awareness of the subject and develop its contributions, while

supporting the charity remotely.

These CSR efforts have included:

* Creating a “housecup challenge” both to encourage internal

collaboration and socialisation within Alpha (following the

Given the reduced opportunities to volunteer in person, the
Alpha CSR team worked with Ocean Generation to create an
agenda that focussed on education, action and awareness.
The resulting set of activities and discussions have challenged
our behaviours with respect to plastic usage, thus developing
awareness around the goals of Ocean Generation; and
Identifying and providing pro bono work 100% remotely,
across a Series of important and meaningful projects for
Ocean Generation at a very challenging time for the
charitable sector.

transition to working from home), and to support the Charity
of the Year programme. Participation in the housecup challenge
was donations based, to facilitate ongoing financial support
for the charity; -

E

Léo Lamendour
Senior Consultant, Europe

joined Alpha in May 2019, relocating at the same time
from Luxembourg to Switzerland. | was already working
in management consulting but | wanted to specialise in
the asset management industry.

What impresses me at Alpha is the capacity that we
have to very quickly answer and address our clients’
most complex issues and questions ~ leveraging expert
knowledge from the across the different Alpha offices.
Having that expertise within a management consultancy
is truly beneficial and represents real added value
compared to competitors.

| also had the opportunity to join Alpha’s global CSR
team, representing the Swiss offices and being involved
with the Charity of the Year programme, as part of
which employees nominate and select a charitable
organisation that they would like to partner with for the

year. My involvement this year saw me organise

different activities and events that we launched in order
to raise awareness for Alpha employees about the
charity's work and support the fundraising programme.

My experience with Alpha has been very positive and |
am looking forward to contributing to the future growth
of the firm as we continue delivering high quality
programmes for our clients and develop our market
coverage in the DACH region

25 Alpha chose Plastic Oceans (UK) as its Charity of the Year partner, which officially became known as Ocean Generation in the same year.


===== page 72 =====
70

Annual Report 2021

Role in Society

Community & Corporate Social Responsibility continued

Modern Slavery

Alpha is committed to combatting and preventing modern
slavery, human trafficking and exploitation. We have in place

procedures and policies throughout our business; supply and
procurement chains to support this; a statement of which can

be found on our website at alphafmc.com. These processes
are reviewed annually and the Modern Slavery statement is
ultimately approved by the Board.

Governance

The Group Coordination Committee oversees the cultural
framework and is responsible for reviewing operational

processes for managing social, environmental and ethical risk.

The Group Coordination Committee includes representatives
who have oversight positions within the internal Alpha CSR

and Alpha D&l governance, including the Global CSR Steering

Committee and Global D&I Steering Committee.

All members of the Group Coordination Committee, including the
Global Chief Executive Officer, are committed to this framework
and ensuring that it is embedded within the business globally. Its
principal methods for promoting social, environment and ethical

responsibility are the Employee Handbook, communications
to staff on the topics of culture and integrity, sponsorship of

the D&l programme and supporting the wide-ranging interests

of the global CSR teams.

The Group Coordination Committee reports to the Board of

Sophie Barker-Taylor
Senior Manager, APAC

| joined Alpha a few years into my consulting career,
looking for a new challenge and somewhere | could
make an impact. Joining the Alpha Asia team felt like
the right move and | am lucky to be based in Australia
where we are building on successes from some
well-established global client relationships.

From the start, | was given the chance to get involved
in a number of initiatives, from supporting delivery of a
pro-bono project for our Charity of the Year programme
to inputting into our first annual carbon calculation.

the opportunity to meet, work with
and learn from colleagues across the globe.

Recently I've been asked to lead our diversity and inclusion
efforts for the region
excited about. How you approach D&l can impact your

ich is something that I'm hugely

business in so many ways, with it being linked to company
performance, reputation, staff satisfaction and retention
On a personal level, being a part of creating an

environment that enables everyone to thrive and succeed

is incredibly rewarding. It is a great opportunity to be a

part of Alpha’s journey in this space, learning from work
we've done globally and building a strong foundation for

Directors so that the Board can assess the state of corporate
culture and integrity and ensure that any significant risks to the
longer-term success of the business arising from such matters
are adequately addressed. The Board is committed to maintaining
appropriate standards for all the Group’s business activities
and ensure that they are set out in written policies, including
the Employee Handbook and the Modern Slavery Statement.
The Board believes that the business values of collaboration,
accountability, proactivity, integrity and responsible conduct
are consistent with the Group’s vision and fully support its
ongoing growth.

the Alpha Asia team.

| had high hopes when joining Alpha and can honestly say
that I've not been disappointed. The mix of challenging,
yet rewarding, client work and opportunities to help
carve out the culture and credentials for a young and
growing Alpha region is very fulfilling. | feel like I'm making
a difference for my clients as well as for the fantastic
colleagues that | get to work with across the world



===== page 73 =====
‘seeds. A <9 ee a bial
Rainforest Trust's missions to purchase and protect threatened —
rainforests_and,save endangered wildlife through community
sengagament™ne local partnerships. Since their creation in 1988,

ve Bafeguarded over 34 million acres of land.
aren

Charity of the Year

Every year, we partner with a charity chosen by our employees
through our Charity of the Year programme. By focussing on a
single global charity, we are able to maximise our collective
impact. We have worked with a range of charities in the past,
including the Lucy Faithfull Foundation, a UK-based, globally
linked child protection charity that focusses on the prevention
of child sex abuse, and SOS Children’s Villages, a global charity
.that supports orphaned and:abandoned children in 125 countries
by creating safe spaces for them and working holistically to
support them into adulthood.

For 2019, we partnered with Médecins Sans Frontiéres (“MSF”),
an international non-governmental organisation best known for
its projects in confliot zones and courilries affected by endemic
diseases. We held a number of fundraising activities for MSF such
as fun runs, pub quizzes, an employee payroll giving campaign,
baby photo competition and sports challenges. Furthermore, we
hosted and participated in “missing maps” events where we
mapped parts of the world that are vulnerable to natural disaslers,
conflict and digeases epidemics. We had a great partnership
with MSF and raised close to £28,000, which contributed towards
their fantastic mission of providing impartial and independent
medical care where it is needed most.

For 2020, our choice for the Charity of the Year partner of the
year strongly reflected hot topics around global warming, plastic,
pollution and the environment in general. Our partner was Ocean
Generation (formerly known as Plastic Oceans UK), which is a
UK-based organisation aiming to empower an inclusive global
movement to tackle ocean threats through science and
storytelling. 2020 was a difficult year for charitable organisations
{oF a Tumber of reasons, and fundraising activities were especially
challenging. We are extremely proud to have made a significant

impact for Ocean Generation by raising over £17,000 and
undertaking four pro bono projects across our global offices,
covering M&A due diligence, digital transformation, CRM
implementation and testing of Ocean Generation’s Plastic
Intelligent Framework, which aims to change human habits
linked to plastic pollution. We had a truly phenomenal partnership
with Ocean Generation, and our team’s ability to adapt and

~ deliver to the highest standards despite a global pandemic

really shone through.

For 2021, we are extremely excited to continue
making a positive impact on the environment, as

we have partnered with Rainforest Trust, which is an
organisation that purchases and protects the most
threatened tropical rainforests, saving endangered
species through partnerships and community
engagement. We are looking forward to learning

i help lo protect nature and
continue to apply our skills through new exciting pro
bono projects in partnership with Rainforest Trust.

more about how we c.



===== page 74 =====
72

Annual Report 2021

Role in Society

Community & Corporate Social Responsibility continued

“Our partnership with Alpha has been the perfect
example of a charitable business partnership,
connecting core business skills, fundraising and
employee engagement. During our charity of the
year partnership, teams from Alpha supported
Ocean Generation with vital pro bono professional

COCce allt support as well as raising awareness and funds
which allowed us to put our strategy into practice.
IGIENIEIRTATIIOIN| We are very grateful to everyone at Alpha for their

support in helping us to take Ocean action to the
next level.”

Richard Hill, CEO of Ocean Generation



===== page 75 =====
73

Annual Report 2021

oshnatAloorg
Davelepar, UG

(icined/Alphalin’pril]2020]inthelmidst{of,the, COVID a1
[pandemictand}havesspentythe majorityjolimy,careerat
fAlphanthislwas almostimpossibleQ soombecameyinvolved]
inyvariousraspects ofthe company sbothrelatedjtoymy,roley
linttechnologyyandjinithewideabusiness¥Alphais\keen
froveveryoneltorgetinvolved|njousinessimanagement
fareas\thatialigniwithytheigindividualinterestsqwhetherthaty
[stangexistingjousiness}management}groupsouiouncing}
Plcrounsouyougowmrnsymeans|pcopleacrossrallo}
[Aipnaycometogetmentorachieveycommonygoaisinatltney)
thoid/personalitolthemny

[ioined|the, CSBicustainabilityteam after, getting involved]
lingalcompetitionthatjthelteamwasrrunning foycharityy
[cSplistamincreasingly,importantipartiofymostibusinessess
including at/Alpharandogourinvestorsgsince joining) last]
fyeai \welhave[beenlablestovoftsetyi 00 %folfouncarbony
femissionsiiromatne previousyyeariinitheUKawe partnered)
Bvith}Treeslfor Cities|tofplantfastmany atresia) t}tookto}
imaketAlphalUK{carbonineutraly

iWejworklwithrourcolleaguesiin|EuropeqNorthAmerical
fanclAPACTtoccalculatesoun global footprintand offsety
femmissionsrregionallyyiheCSRiteamlissapartofAlphay
Wwhereliiieel Imakelafundamentaliditferenceland]iim}
fexcited)toseeithelimpactsithatlougteamimakelinithe)
qarhiva,

ichanlottelCloses Smithy
Santer Manager Nest Amantea

[Sinceljoiningrasiayg' aduateyonesoistnelaspects|l|navc}
GmiaxiutweAabtocaIytons
[involved|directlyjinjthelbusinesslandjthe|speediatjwhich}
[seantcanjocy akensrommougntsonre}pace oyu]

(navelbeentinvolvediwithtAlpna scSRiteam|since}
fioiningland/seeniitsfevolution}from{localifundraising}and]

frecyciingjinitiativesitojhavelarglobal|charityjoythe\veag
fand{carbonoffset[programmey

Pore focus}arealioginisyyearsinowsAlpna\canbest
Eccressytsenyronmentallimaactyastyeaqecceroon)
Orson plonmineUk ecynowmocentoleoulclobalyy
foffsetting¥Alpha'sitotalicarbonfemissionswwith}
faccredited[regionaljparinersjiniNortAmericayeurope)
fandiAsiayWithlarcarbonjofiset{schemeestablishedathe]
frocus|nowllieslinfensuring)thatithe processiisvasrefficient
fand[robustlas'possiblelandjexploring|howawe,build
sustainability. beyondycarbonlofiseisaa intolourg
feverydayfandjofficellivesy

fAs\sustainabilityibecomesiincreasinglyimportantito our
{colleagues clientsand)investorsylamlexcitedito.see}
[whatystrategiesiwercanidevelopastan organisation to
ensure Alphalistatithe frontlotiadcressingiits)
fenvironmentalimpact4



===== page 76 =====
74

Annual Report 2021

Role in Society

Environment and
Sustainability

Considering and minimising our impact on the environment
remains one of Alpha’s chosen priorities. This year, we have
increased our focus to ensure that we continue to iterate,
improve and meet our environmental commitments.

Environmental Focus

The Group recognises that having a business model that takes
climate change into account is important to our employees,
clients, investors, and ensures business sustainability. Adopting
environmentally sustainable behaviours is crucial to mitigating
risk and ensures that our business remains effective and
profitable in the long term. Our corporate social responsibility
approach focusses us on taking part in activities towards a
sustainable future, while ensuring the Group's long-term
performance, stability and success.

The three key tenets of Alpha's
environmental work and focus are:

* Raising awareness: increasing awareness within
Alpha of our current global carbon footprint and
plastic usage, and changing behaviours to become
more environmentally aware;

Reducing our footprint: developing and promoting
guidelines to reduce our carbon footprint, whilst
ensuring there is limited or no impact on client
relationships and delivery; and

Carbon offsetting: offsetting all our carbon
emissions globally, using recognised and certified

offsetting projects

As part of our CSR ambition to have a positive impact on the
environments and communities in which we operate, we remain
committed to reducing our carbon footprint and striving for
sustained carbon neutrality. During the year, our work in this.
area was aided by the formalisation of the Sustainability pillar of
our CSR business management area, as well as through strategic
additions to Alpha’s newly launched ESG & Responsible
Investment practice.

Our employee-led selection of Alpha’s charity of the year has
resulted in environmentally focussed charities being supported
for two consecutive years: Ocean Generation in 2020 and
Rainforest Trust in 2021. This voting pattern has highlighted
even further the interest our employees take in this area.

In the year, we were also delighted that EcoVadis has awarded
Alpha a “Silver” rating in France and a “Bronze” rating in
‘Switzerland, This further demonstrates the strengths of our
CSR initiatives and encourages us to continue our efforts in
progressing our CSR policy and sustainability goals.

ecovadis

Sustainability
Rating

ecovadis
[Sustzinabitty



===== page 77 =====
7S

Annual Report 2021

Ensuring an Environmentally
Friendly Workplace

We continuously review and adjust our policies and procedures
concerning all offices, with a particular focus on minimising our
impact on the environment. This includes:

* Compliance with ali relevant national legislation as a
minimum standard;

« Recycling where possible and encouraging paper re-use
and recycling across all of our offices;

¢ Environmentally friendly re-use and recycling processes
for our technology;

* Supporting remote working where appropriate and
ensuring our employees are effectively set up to do so;

* Reviewing our use of electricity globally and reducing use
where possible; and

* Continuously reviewing our office space to ensure that it is
being used effectively and efficiently.

During FY 21, our efforts as a Group to develop office strategies
to reduce carbon emissions were impacted by all teams being
asked to work from home in light of the global COVID-19
pandemic. However, this period has enabled Alpha to focus
further on its provision of an efficient IT network together with
communication and video conference tools that can support
the reduction in business travel, providing technology and
benefits that can be carried forward.

The pandemic also enabled us to consider how our old
technology devices can be re-used and, in the past year, we
have started donating laptops to schools in and around London,
with a view to rolling this out across other Alpha locations.

We will continue to consider and implement practical energy
efficiency, reduction and waste minimisation measures across.
the Group's global operations.

Energy Consumption and GHG Emissions

Due to Alpha’s business model and services, our carbon
emissions are lower than for some sectors, however we take
our environmental and community-level responsibility seriously.
In order to better understand Alpha’s environmental impact,

in FY 19, we undertook an exercise to calculate Alpha’s
carbon emissions for the first time. This was based upon our
UK operations, with the UK as our geography with the largest
revenue and headcount.

This year, we broadened our carbon emissions calculation and
offset efforts, with the aim of offsetting all carbon emissions
calculated for the Group across our global operations. We
achieved this aim for FY 20 and will maintain it for FY 21 and
beyond by continuing to employ energy efficient strategies,
progressing a 100% renewable energy goal and offsetting
emissions that we could not otherwise eliminate.

Overleaf are Alpha's carbon emissions for FY 20 and FY 21
from travel as well as energy consumed in offices. We use
methodologies such as the GHG protocol and SECR requirements
to continually inform and refine our calculation methodology.

For FY 20 and FY 21, we calculated our scope 2 emissions
using energy consumption figures provided from our office
suppliers. For scope 3 emissions, we used expense data
relating to business travel and commuting to identify passenger
kilometres and mode of transport. We applied assumptions
and reasonable estimates where specific data points were

not available.

Going forward, we will continue to focus on improving the
quality and completeness of our data and have already taken
steps to improve our data capture for travel and commuting.
To increase the completeness and accuracy of our emissions
calculations, we will also consider using the services of external
providers where appropriate to audit our approaches, and are
looking to establish specific short, medium and longer term,
including potentially science-based targets, around our
environmental impact and carbon reduction activities.


===== page 78 =====
76

Annual Report 2021

Role in Society

Environment and Sustainability continued

Greenhouse gas emissions are reported using the following parameters to determine what is included withing the reporting boundaries:

pe Description
Scope 1 Direct energy emissions - of which the Group does not have any to report at this time.
Scope 2 Indirect energy emissions includes purchased electricity and heat throughout the Group's operations.
Scope 3 Other indirect energy emissions that occur in the Group's value chain through business travel and transportation.

Some of the Group’s highest carbon-emitting activities related to business travel and have been decreased
materially as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and the consequent reduction in travel.

Streamlined Energy and Carbon Report (“SECR”)

Alpha has used the UK Government GHG Conversion Factors for Company Reporting to convert activity data such as kWh
consumption and distance travelled into total CO2e emissions.

FY 21 tCOze FY 20 (COze
Scope Activity Total UK Global exc. UK Total UK _ Global exc. UK
2 Purchased Heat & Electricity 13.4 3.0 10.4 61.4 25 58.9
3 Business Travel & Commuting 21.3 7.0 14.3 1,056.2 511.9 544.3
Total 34.7 10.0 24.7 1,117.6 514.4 603.2
FY 21 mWh FY 20mWh
Scope Activity Total UK _ Global exo. UK Total UK _ Global exc. UK
2 Purchased Heat & Electricity 245.9 191.8 544 380.7 296.2 84.5
3 Business Travel & Commuting n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a na
Total 245.9 191.8 544 380.7 296.2 84.5
FY 21 FY 20
Intensity metric Total UK__ Global exc. UK Total UK Global exc. UK
£m revenue 98.1 53.5 44.6 90.9 51.4 39.5
tCO.e per £m revenue 0.4 0.2 0.6 12.3 10.0 15.3

Notes to the table:

(1) Alpha does not have any offices where it owns or controls the boilers, but rather purchases heat from each building's
management, hence consumption of grid-supplied gas is classed as scope 2 emissions and the associated conversion factor
has been used.

(2) For FY 20, the UK government's published conversion factors for 2019 were used (gov.uk/government/publications/
greenhouse-gas-reporting-conversion-factors-2019). Similarly, for FY 21, the 2020 conversion factors were used.

(3) For the UK, usage of purchased heat and electricity has decreased compared to the year before, but emissions have increased.
This is due to a new co-working space, which is powered by non-renewable energy, being included in the FY21 figures.

(4) Alpha's office providers in Europe and APAC were unable to provide detailed FY 20 usage information for electricity/heat;
Alpha therefore used an assumption based on usage per FTE in order to calculate energy consumption in these locations.
For FY 21, the majority of Alpha's office providers globally were able to supply this detailed usage information and a number
confirmed that their electricity and gas was obtained using renewable energy, hence the FY 21 scope 2 emissions are
materially lower.

(8) The 78% net decrease in scope 2 emissions despite more offices being included in the calculation for FY 21 can be attributed
to the impact of COVID-19 on Alpha’s operations globally. This included the reduction in business travel as a protective measure
applied for all employees during the pandemic.


===== page 79 =====
77

Annual Report 2021

FY 20 Carbon Offsetting

Following the exercise of calculating Alpha’s carbon emissions
for the financial year ending 31 March 2020, we undertook a
process to offset our carbon footprint after reducing our emissions
where possible:

« Inthe UK: we partnered with Trees for Cities, a UK-based
charity that offsets to a strict protocol that aligns with the
core principles of and is validated by ISO 14064.2 and
ISO 14064.3. Working with them, we successfully became
certified by Trees for Cities to being carbon neutral, based
on the calculations above; and planted 2,687 trees this year
to offset Alpha UK's carbon footprint.

* In North America: we chose to offset using the Crow Lake
Wind Power project in South Dakota, which is the largest
wind power project owned by a co-operative in the USA.
108 turbines harness wind power to supply up to 129,000
homes with clean electricity, replacing energy generated
using fossil fuels. The project adheres to International and
Offset Alliance (“ICROA”) approved standards.

* In Europe: we chose to offset emissions by partnering with
CO2balance, an organisation working with local groups and
NGOs in Rwanda to deliver clean, safe water by identifying
and rehabilitating broken down boreholes through 12
micro-projects. The Safe Water Access project has been
developed under the Gold Standard Foundation, which
ensures that carbon offsetting projects follow best practice
in sustainable development and impacts are verified.

The project adheres to ICROA approved standards.

* In APAC: we chose to offset emissions through a project in
Cambodia that sells locally-made ceramic water purifiers.
The project reduces emissions through removing the need
to boil water and thus alleviating pressure on Cambodia's
forests, whilst also providing clean water to communities.
Over 400,000 filters have so far been distributed.

Having recently completed the exercise to calculate Alpha's
carbon emissions for FY 21, we are initiating the process of
offsetting our remaining footprint; the approach to which we
shall report upon in next year’s Annual Report.

As Alpha continues to grow in headcount and geographic reach,
we will iterate and roll this approach out globally. At the same
time, we are investigating and implementing other initiatives to
raise awareness and actively participate and help with the
climate change challenge that the world is facing. We believe
that these initiatives will further establish Alpha as a risk-aware,
forward-thinking and responsible organisation for our investors,
employees and other key stakeholders.

By order of the Board.

Euan Fraser
Global Chief Executive Officer
24 June 2021



===== page 80 =====
Corporate Governance

80 Board of Directors

82 Meet the Director

84 —Chairman’s Introduction

86 Corporate Governance Code

88 Corporate Governance Report
96 Nomination Committee Report
100 Audit and Risk Committee Report
104 Remuneration Committee Report
110 Directors’ Report

114 Independent Auditor's Report

ey

’

oe
fa

The power of
our people to
demonstrate

integrity


===== page 81 =====


===== page 82 =====
80

Annual Report 2021

Corporate Governance

Board of

Ken Fry

Independent Non-Executive

Chairman

Committee Membership

Euan Fraser

Committee Membership

Directors

John Paton
Global Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer

Committee Membership

®) CHAIR CHAIR

©

Penny Judd

Senior Independent
Non-Executive Director

Committee Membership

Jill May

Independent
Non-Executive Director

Committee Membership

CHAIR

@@O®

Committee
Membership Key:

Member of the

Audit and Risk Committee
Member of the
Nomination Committee
Member of the

Remuneration Committee


===== page 83 =====
81

Annual Report 2021

Ken Fry
Independent Non-Executive Chairman

Term of office: Ken joined the Alpha Board as a Non-Executive Director in 2016
and was appointed as Non-Executive Chairman of the Group in February 2018.
Skills and experience: Ken waa Global Chief Operating Officer at Aberdeen
Aeot Managomont for nearly 10 years and has over 30 years’ exporience in
financial services. Ho hac concidorablo oxporionce integrating acquisitions
within tho invostmont management industry and a strong technology and
operations background, having undertaken many transformational projects
during his career. He directed the integration of major acquisitions while at
Aberdeen Asset Management, including assets acquired from Deutsche
Asset Management, Credit Suisse Asset Management and Scottish Widows
Investment Partners.

Ken maintains a wide notwork of contacts within tho financial corvices industry
globally. He regularly attonde conforoncos and discussion forums to koop
abreast of industry issues and meets with a range of clients, employees,
advicore and institutional investors. He also advises on M&A strategy within
the investment management and wealth industry.

External appointments: Ken is currently a director of Wealthtime Limited
and Novia Financial Limited.

John Paton
Chief Financial Officer

Term of office: John joined Alpha as Chief Financial Officer in February 2018.

Skills and experience: John is a chartered accountant with 25 years’ finance,
banking, corporate finance and accountancy practice experience. He joined
Alpha in 2018 from HSBC where he worked in both the Global Banking &
Markets and Commorcial Banking divisions in London, lattorly as a director in
the UK Banking team. During this and previous roles he gained experience of
acavisitions and debt and equity financings. John started his career at KPMG,
working across financial services audit, risk management, financial reporting
governanco, rick and internal controls, and systems implomentations. He is
a membor of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland, graduated
LLB (Hons) from the University of Aberdeen and holds an Executive MBA from
the University of Bristol & Ecole Nationale des Ponts & Chaussées, France.

John's role involves deop knowlodgo of the Croup’s managomont, finanoial
and operational activitics, as well as important corporate and statutory
responsibilities. John also maintains a detailed view of industry. financial
and regulatory changes and ctays updated through dialogue with advisors,
regular technical reading, online courses and attonding rolovant ovonte.

External appointments: None.

Jill May
Independent Non-Executive Director

Term of office: Jill joined the Alpha Board as a Non-Executive Director in
July 2020.

Skills and experience: Jill has over 20 years’ experience in investment
banking, with her oxocutive career spent working in corporate finanoe for
SG Warburg & Co. Ltd (1985-95) and senior positions in Group Strategy at
UBS, where che was a Managing Direotor from 2001 to 2012. Sho was a Pane!
‘Member (2013-18) and a Non-Executive Director (2013-16) of the Competition
and Markets Authority (CMA) and a Non Executive Director of the Institute
‘of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales (ICAEW) (2015-19).

Jill maintaine a wide network of contacte in financial corvices and regulation
and attonds various conferences and events covering relevant industry and
governance matters.

External appointments: vill is currently an External Member of the Prudential
Regulation Committee at the Bank of England and a Non-Executive Director
of Standard Life Investments Property income Trust Limited, JP Morgan
Claverhouse Investment Trust plc and Ruffer Investment Company Limited.

Euan Fraser
Global Chief Executive Officer

Term of office: Euan has served as Global Chief Executive Officer of Alpha

since 2013.

Skill and experience: During his tenure as Globat Chief Cxecutive Officer at
Alpha, Cuan has led the Group through two private equity transactions, public
flotation on the London Stock Exchange's AIM market in 2017 and the
acquisition of Axxay3 Limited and Obsidian Solutions Limited in 2019, and
of Lionpoint Holdings in 2021. He was Chief Executive Officer of Alpha UK
from April 2011, where he established both Alpha's M&A Integration and
Operations & Outsourcing practices. Euan joined Alpha in 2004 and has
‘over 20 years’ financial services experience, having previously worked at
Merrill Lynch and KPMG, where he qualified as a chartered accountant.

In his roto a9 Clobal Chiof Executive Officer, Euan has to understand and
manage tho interests of a range of stakeholders, including employees, clionts,
‘competitors and investors. Euan maintains a number of strong industry
relationships, which involves sharing of knowledge and perspectives on
‘current themes and topics.

External appointments: None.

Penny Judd
Senior Independent Non-Executive Director

‘Term of office: Penny joined the Alpha Board as Senior Independent
Non-Executive Director in February 2018.

Skills and experience: Penny previously held the roles of Managing
.ctor and EMEA Head of Compliance at both Nomura International pic
and UBS AG.

Penny has a strong public markets and financial services background, with
‘over 30 years’ experience in compliance, regulation. corporate finance and
audit. She is a qualified chartered accountant.

Penny maintains a wide network of contacts in financial services andl
regulation. She attends various conferences and events covering relevant
industry and governance matters, and regularly meets with a range of
advisers and institutional investors in AIM and main market companies.
External appointments: Penny is currently Non-Executive Director and Chair
of the Audit Committee for both Trufin plc and Team17 Group ple. She recently
stepped down as Non-Executive Chair of PlusS00 Ltd,

Nick Kent
Board Adviser

Nick founded Alpha in 2003, managing the business through a significant
chapter of growth and expansion, and served as a Non-Executive Director
of the Alpha Board from 2013. Nick stepped down as a Non-Executive

rector in September 2020. He continues to support the Group as an adviser
to the Board.



===== page 84 =====
82

Annual Report 2021

Corporate Governance

Meet the Director:

Jill May

What drew you to Alpha?

Alpha was interesting to me as an international, listed, but clearly
entreprencurial business with a great reputation in an arca with
which | was not directly familiar -- financial markets consulting.
| have non-executive board positions at investment trusts and
4 property company though, and | am therefore familiar with the
dynamics of the asset management industry. Alpha affords me
the privilege of learning more about consulting to the industry
~ the key drivers, incentives, challenges and reasons for the
company’s success.

1am especially impressed by its resilience and performance during
this past year, in the face of unprecedented circumstances. Alpha
leveraged its strong organisational, technological and cultural
frameworks to respond swiftly and decisively in looking after its
people as well as supporting the business more widely. It was
especially reassuring to learn that many of the additional
support and wellbeing initiatives that were put in place during
the early days of the pandemic were designed by Alpha
employees — demonstrating what a responsible, collaborative
and social team Alpha has.

Importantly, Alpha is also an ambitious and acquisitive company
— my early background was in M&A and it will be interesting to
see how Lionpoint and the other recent acquisitions contribute
to Alpha’s future success.

How did you end up becoming a NED?

| had an interesting and varied career in banking for some 30 years
in total — including, latterly, living through the financial crisis, which
was a shocking experience. | had promised my family and myself
that once | turned 50 | would try my hand at something different.
| had no carefully designed strategy as to what that might entail
- and very much relied on serendipity and the philosophy that
‘one learns something important from and can build on evory
new experience. 7
joined tho Compotition and Market Authority shortly after leaving
UBS as a Panel member and NED, which was fascinating and
gave me some exposure to working in the public sector, which
is very different to banking! Additional regulatory roles followed,
but | was keen to balance these new public sector career

opportunities with a foot in tho commorcial world, which | considor
to be my natural area of focus and interest. | was lucky to be
appointed to a JPMorgan investment trust board in early 2017
and additional board positions followed swiftly thereafter. It is
a roal priviloge to work at board lovol in both tho private and
Public sector.

It has been a year of significant challenge
and changes for all people - what do you
think are the key lessons that businesses
can and should take away?

The past year has tested and challenged every single business
and person as no one had anticipated the COVID-19 crisis. As
a consequence, no one was well prepared for it. It is to the great
crodit of Alpha and many othor businesses, their managomente
and their employoos that cuch hugo chango in working practices,
at zero notice, and, in the face of staff sickness and caring
responsibilities, should have been possible with so little
operational disruption.

Businesses will realise that there is no necessity to have overyono
in the office at all times - far more flexibility can be afforded
many employees with an improvement in health, productivity
and with lower cost ac como office space and promisos may
no longer be required. Having said that, | think there will still be
a significant number of people, very much including me, who
still prefer an office environment, notwithstanding the commute,
to the relative chaos of a family home. These new ways of
working will potentially be a challenging area to manage and it
will be important to keep a careful eyo on diversity and wollboing
- and to ensure that, whether people are at home, in the office,
or ina hybrid working arrangement, that opportunities for
advancement and recognition are equal.

Businesses must also learn from the pandemic and plan for other
huge disruptive events - one of my great concerns is the climate
crisic and the magnitude of change and dicruption that virtually
all businesses will face going forward. | know that Alpha puts
a groat omphazis on its role in society, within the communities
and the environment in which it operates — and | look forward
to seeing its progress as Alpha continues to develop its CSR
strategy and executes on its aims.


===== page 85 =====
“Alpha was interesting to me
as an international, listed,
but clearly entrepreneurial
business with a great reputation
in financial markets consulting.”

Jill May


===== page 86 =====
84

Annual Report 2021

Corporate Governance

Chairman's

Introduction

The Board recognises the benefits of a robust
governance framework and remains committed
to strong corporate governance, appropriately
aligned with the Group's priorities to manage risk,
promote a responsible corporate culture and

deliver a strategy for growth.

An Introduction from the Chairman

As Directors of the Board, we understand that an engaged
Board and an effective committee structure facilitate the good
governance of the entire Group. As such, we have developed our
governance structure to support the Group's continued success
and growth. The Board has an Audit and Risk Committee,

a Remuneration Committee and a Nomination Committee,
each with formally delegated duties and responsibilities.

The structure of the Board and its Committees with the
executive management of the Group is set out on p. 92.

The role of the Chairman is to lead the Board and be responsible
for its governance, performance and effectiveness. The Chairman
sets the tone for the Company and ensures that the links
between the Board and the executive team, as well as between
the Board and the shareholders, are strong and efficient.

Compliance with the QCA Corporate
Governance Code

In recognising the importance of high standards of corporate
governance, integrity and business ethics, we continue to apply
the Quoted Company Alliance Corporate Governance Code
(the “QCA Code"). A description of how the Board complies
with the principles of the QCA Code is provided overleaf. Alpha’s
Corporate Governance Report on pp 88-95 sets out further
information about the Group’s governance framework and how
the Board applies the recommendations of the QCA Code.

The Directors recognise the need to continue to develop the
corporate governance structure and processes in ways that
reflect the evolving requirements of the Group's shareholders,
employees, clients and wider stakeholders. In doing so, the
Board can also ensure that the governance framework supports.
the growth and strategic progress of the Group. The Directors
and | are fully committed to maintaining our compliance with
the principles of the QCA Code and providing clear disclosures
relating to the changes and developments that we make.

FY 21 in Focus

The challenges presented by the COVID-19 pandemic,
including social distancing measures, travel restrictions and
the requirement for COVID-safe working environments, have
obviously impacted the Board’s activities during the year.
However, our positive culture and robust governance framework
ensured that we responded quickly and adapted to remote ways
of working, thus enabling the Board to continue supporting the
executive team in making important decisions.

Our statement setting out how the Directors have discharged
their duties under Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006,
which includes a description of how the Group has engaged
with its key stakeholders, is set out on pp 34-36.


===== page 87 =====
85

Annual Report 2021

The Group operates an open and inclusive culture, and this is

reflected in the way that the Board conducts itself. Prior to the
COVID-19 pandemic, the Non-Executive Directors attended the
Group's offices and other Group events. It is intended that this
practice will continue once travel and group meeting restrictions
are fully lifted and the Alpha offices are again open.

With a relatively small employee base, the Board is able to
promote and assess the desired corporate culture across the
Alpha Group through its engagement and discussion with
employee representatives, review of relevant policies and
decision making at an executive level. The Group's culture and
values are described in the Role in Society report on pp 54-77.

The Directors believe that the Group's culture, together with

a strong emphasis on integrity, business ethics and good
corporate governance, ensure our ability to execute the strategy,
to deliver the right outcomes for the Group’s clients and to
deliver value for our shareholders and other stakeholders.

Ken Fry
Chairman
24 June 2021


===== page 88 =====
86

Annual Report 2021

Corporate Governance

Corporate Governance

Code

The QCA Code requires the Group to apply the 10 principles of corporate governance as set out below and to publish certain
related disclosures in the Annual Report, on the website, or a combination of the two. The Group has followed the QCA Code’s
recommendations and has provided disclosure relating to all the principles in a corporate governance statement on its website
investors.alphafmc.com and, as well, summarises compliance with the principles in this Annual Report:

Section 1: Deliver Growth

Links to the foll

Principle 1:

Establish a strategy and
business model that
promote long-term value

The business model is premised upon delivering growth
through the cross-sell and upsell of its high-quality service
offering to existing clients, and selling its services to

new clients.

The Group’s business model
and strategy are described in
the Strategic Report on

pp 22-33.

for shareholders, The strategy is to continue to grow in both existing and
new jurisdictions by developing the service proposition.
In seeking to implement its strategic aims, the Board takes
account of the expectations of the Group's shareholder base
in addition to its wider stakeholder and social responsibilities.
Principle 2: Good, consistent engagement with shareholders is given The Group's approach to
Seek to understand and a high priority by the Board. The principal methods of shareholder communications is
meet shareholder needs. communication with shareholders are through regular described in the Corporate
and expectations. direct executive-level engagement at meetings and Governance Report on p. 95.
capital markets events, the Annual Report & Accounts, q ,
the interim and full-year results announcements, the Ore cio Chie ete
Annual General Meeting ("AGM") and the Group’s website Officer act as the main point of
investors.alphafme.com. contact for shareholders
The Chairman and Non-Executive Directors are available (company.secretary@
to meet with shareholders, if required, to discuss any alphafmc.com).
items of importance.
Principle 3: The Board, supported by the executive team, upholds The Group's community and
Take into account wider acommitment to operating a socially and ethically corporate social responsibility
stakeholder and social responsible company. disclosure is provided as part

responsibilities and their
implications for long-
term success.

Engagement with stakeholders and wider communities
ensures alignment of interests and facilitates good
decision making.

of the Role in Society report
‘on pp 68-73.

The Group's engagement
model with clients and wider
stakeholders is described in
the Strategic Report on
Pp 34-36.

Principle 4:

Embed effective risk
management considering

both opportunities and threats,
throughout the organisation.

The Board has overall responsibility for the Group’s risk
management framework including internal control and risk
management systems. In executing this role, it regularly
considers and reviews the risks and opportunities facing the
Alpha business.

The goal of the Board is to set policies that seek to reduce
ongoing risk as far as possible, without unduly affecting the
Group’s competitiveness and flexibility.

The Group's risk management
framework is described in the
Strategic Report on pp 40-44
and in the Corporate
Governance Report on p. 94.



===== page 89 =====
87

Annual Report 2021

The Group believes that the Board’s composition brings a

The Board’s composition and

Maintain the Board as a desirable range of skills, personal qualities and professional operating framework is
well-functioning, balanced credentials. Suitable Board operations, access to advice and _—_ described in the Corporate
team led by the Chair. administrative services, effective induction of new Directors Governance Report on

and a regular performance assessment also ensure Board pp 88-91.

effectiveness.
Principle 6: As an AlM-quoted provider of specialist consultancy Biographical details of the
Ensure that between them the _ services to the asset management, wealth management and _ Directors, including relevant
Directors have the necessary insurance industries, Alpha’s Board needs to represent a experiences and how skill sets
up-to-date experience, skills range of skills and competencies. The Alpha Board includes are kept up to date, are provided
and capabilities. experience in public markets, financial services, governance —_ on p. 81 of the Corporate

and audit, the consulting sector, and business operations. Governance report.
Principle 7: The objectives of the Board are to approve the Group's The Board's evaluation
Evaluate Board performance strategy, budgets and key corporate activities, and to framework and FY 21
based on clear and relevant oversee the Group's progress towards its goals. evaluation process is described

objectives, seeking
continuous improvement.

The Group has a process for evaluating the performance
of the Board, committees and individual Directors in
respect of those objectives.

in the Corporate Governance
Report on p. 94, and in the
Nomination Committee
report on pp 97-98.

Principle 8: The Board is conscious of its role in fostering and The Group's culture and values.
Promote a corporate culture safeguarding a culture of inclusion, responsibility and are discussed in the Role in
that is based on ethical values openness. These values are embedded across the Group's Society report on pp 68-73.
and behaviours. leadership and throughout the organisation.

Principle 9: The Group operates an effective, streamlined governance A governance chart is
Maintain governance framework. In this framework, the Board supports the provided on p. 92 and
structures and processes that executive team to develop and execute the Group's. processes are described on
are fit for purpose and good strategy, and key decisions are reached through open pp 88-91 of the Corporate
decision making by the Board. —_and constructive dialogue. Governance Report.

Principle 10:

Communicate how the
company is governed and is
performing by maintaining a
dialogue with shareholders and
other relevant stakeholders.

The Group places a great emphasis on high standards of

corporate governance and maintaining effective engagement

with its shareholders and stakeholders. In addition to the
Annual Report & Accounts, the website is updated regularly
with information regarding the Group's activities and
performance.

The governance of the
Company, which is led by the
Board, is described in the
Corporate Governance
Report on pp 88-95.

The website investors.
alphafmc.com provides the
Group's reports and
presentations, notices of AGM
and results of voting on all
resolutions in AGMs.

Te
a

Hi" i agitate 1a

ri Yrene Fy we “ULES x
oy EBa  e
eee . ;
ee ——



===== page 90 =====
88

Annual Report 2021

Corporate Governance

Corporate Governance

Report

Board Composition

The Board comprises five Directors: the independent Non-
Executive Chairman, two independent Non-Executive Directors
and two Executive Directors. Jill May joined the Board on

1 July 2020 as an independent Non-Executive Director. Nick
Kent stood down from the Board on 1 September 2020; he
continues to support the Board as an adviser.

As a provider of specialist consultancy and complementary
services to the asset management, wealth management and
insurance industries, and an AIM-quoted company, Alpha
requires a range of skills, capabilities and competencies to be
represented on the Board, including experience in public markets,
financial services, governance and audit, the consulting sector
and business operations. The Board is confident that its members
have the appropriate balance of functional and sector experience,
skills, personal qualities and capabilities to provide constructive
support and challenge to the Executive Directors, and to deliver
the strategy of the Group for the benefit of the shareholders
over the medium to long term. The biographies of the Directors,
including a summary of their relevant skills and experience can
be found on pp 80-81.

The Board also recognises that, as the Group evolves, the mix
of skills and experience required on the Board may evolve and
the Board composition will need to reflect those changes.

The Nomination Committee has responsibility for succession
planning and will continue its focus in this area as the Board
and senior leadership team develops.

Ota 8
Oe)

|

(@locenencenNonexecuve Cue mT
[UitcenenceniNonexccuteorecto se)
OY eXecttivesDirectors} a



===== page 91 =====
89

Annual Report 2021

Roles of the Directors

The Group operates an effective, streamlined governance
framework. In this framework, the Board supports the
directors of the Group Strategy Committee in developing and
executing the Group's strategy. Any decision between the
Board and the executive team is reached through an open and
constructive dialogue.

The Executive Directors of the Board are Euan Fraser, the Global
Chief Executive Officer, and John Paton, the Chief Financial
Officer. The Executive Directors have strong knowledge of the
operations of the Group, the interests of its stakeholders, and
its market and financial positions. Senior executives below
Board level attend Board meetings upon request to present
and discuss business strategy and updates.

The independent Non-Executive Directors of the Board are
Ken Fry, Penny Judd and Jill May. They were selected with the
objectives of increasing the breadth of skills and experience of
the Board and bringing constructive challenge to the Executive
Directors. The Non-Executive Directors are also responsible for
the effective running of the Board's committees and ensuring
that the committees support and facilitate the strategic priorities
of the Board.

Penny Judd is the Senior independent Non-Executive Director
(‘SID’). The principal role of the SID is to act as a sounding board
for the Chairman and to serve as an intermediary for the other
Directors when necessary. Penny is also available to shareholders
should they wish to discuss concerns that they feel have not
been resolved through the normal channels of engagement with
the Chairman, the Giobal Chief Executive Officer or Executive
Directors; or for which such contact is inappropriate.

At the head of the Group, there is a clear delineation of
responsibilities between the Chairman of the Board and the
Global Chief Executive Officer. The Non-Executive Chairman
leads the Board and is responsible for its governance,
performance and effectiveness. This includes ensuring that
the dynamics of the Board are functional and productive and
that no individual Director dominates discussion or decision
making. In this role, the Chairman sets the tone for the
Company and ensures that the links between the Board and
the executive team, as well as between the Board and the
shareholders, are strong and effective. Meanwhile, the Global
Chief Executive Officer is responsible for the day-to-day
management of the Group's global operations, for proposing
the strategic focuses to the Board, and for implementing the
strategic goals agreed by the Board.

Board Independence

The Board considers an independent Non-Executive Director
to be free from any relationship that might materially interfere
with the exercise of independent judgement.

The Non-Executive Directors are considered to be independent
and therefore the Board is compliant with the QCA Code on the
topic of director independence. All Directors are encouraged and
expected to use their independent judgement and to challenge
all matters, whether strategic or opcrational.

Appointments to the Board and Re-Election

The Board has delegated to the Nomination Committee the task
of reviewing Board composition, searching for appropriate
candidates and making recommendations to the Board on
candidates to be appointed to the Board. The Board makes
decisions regarding the appointment and removal of Directors.
Furlher details are set out in the Nomination Committee report
on pp 96-98.


===== page 92 =====
90

Annual Report 2021

Corporate Governance

Corporate Governance Report continued

Under the Company's Articles of Association, the Directors have
the power to appoint new Directors during the year, but any
person appointed by the Board since the last Annual General
Meeting (“AGM”) is obliged to retire and offer themselves for
re-election. Furthermore, the remaining Directors are obliged to
offer themselves for re-election every three years. Accordingly,
Penny Judd and John Paton will retire and offer themselves for
re-election at the 2021 AGM. The Board considers that each of
the Directors makes a valuable contribution to the Board and
demonstrates commitment to the Group.

Diversity

The Board values diversity in its broadest sense and is committed
to creating an inclusive culture, free from discrimination of
any kind. When assessing new Director appointments, the
Nomination Committee will consider gender, age, ethnicity,
region and experience, in addition to looking at how to
maintain within the Board the appropriate balance of skills,
independence and knowledge of the Company, its services
and the industry as a whole. Recognising the benefits that
diversity can bring to all areas of the Group and, noting the
recommendations in the reports of the Hampton-Alexander
review*, women currently represent 40% of Alpha’s Board.

The Group has a well-established Diversity & Inclusion
programme, which is run voluntarily by members of the global
consulting team and focussed on key areas of diversity and
inclusion. Alpha is committed to a positive policy of promoting
equality of opportunity and diversity, providing an inclusive
environment, and eliminating any unfair or unlawful discrimination,
which applies to all offices, all business areas and all levels
from graduate to the Global Chief Executive Officer. In order
to consider the effectiveness and priorities of the Diversity &
Inclusion programme, the Board has requested to receive
regular updates on the programme.

Further details on the Group's approach to diversity and
inclusion, including its programme and policy, can be found
‘on pp 62-67.

How the Board Operates

The Board is responsible for the Group's strategy and overall
management. The operation of the Board is documented in
a formal schedule of matters reserved for its approval, which
sets out the Board's responsibilities.

The Board is required to meet at least six times a year. During
the financial year, eight formal Board meetings took place and
a number of ad-hoc calls were held to discuss current issues.
The Board also held a dedicated strategy session in September
2020 and, more recently, in March 2021. The Directors attend
all meetings of the Board, and the committees on which they
sit, and have agreed to allocate sufficient time to the Group as
is needed to enable them to carry out their responsibilities

as Directors.

The time commitment required of all Non-Executive Directors is
currently three days per month, which is set out in their letters
of appointment. During the year, the Board reviewed the time
commitment of the Non-Executive Directors and is satisfied
that each of the Directors dedicates sufficient time to the
Group's business.

The Board and committee schedules are planned in advance of
the financial year ahead, in order to facilitate attendance and
ensure that the appropriate discussion time is available. A record
of the number of meetings of the Board during FY 21, and the
attendance by each Board member is provided below:

Board member Eligible to attend Attendance
Ken Fry (Chairman) 8 8
Euan Fraser 8 8
Penny Judd 8 8
Nick Kent?” 3 3
Jill May?® 6 6
John Paton 8 8

The Board has an agenda of regular business, financial and
operational matters for discussion, as well as a review of each
of the Board committee's areas of work.

®° Refers to the Hampton-Alexander review (UK) into increasing the number of women on boards and in senior leadership positions. The final report

was published in February 2021.
2” Resigned from the Board on 1 September 2020.
2 Appointed to the Board on 1 July 2020.


===== page 93 =====
al

Annual Report 2021

The key activities of the Board meetings during the year included Committees of the Board
the following:

The Board has in place Audit and Risk, Remuneration and
Nomination Committees, each with delegated responsibilities
and duties. The terms of reference for the individual committees
are reviewed regularly and approved by the Board. A report

on the membership, role, and key activities of each of the
committees is set out on pp 96-108. From time to time,
separate committees may be set up by the Board to consider
and address specific issues or objectives, when the need arises.

* Discussed and reviewed the progress of strategic priorities;

* Continued an open dialogue with the investor community;

* Approved the financial reporting, including interim and
full-year results;

* Discussed the Group's capital structure and
financial strategy;

* Reviewed the progress of key client relationships
and engagements across the Group;

* Considered financial and non-financial policies,
including the risk policy;

* Reviewed the Group's risk assessments and risk
management framework;

* Discussed corporate governance requirements
and processes;

* Discussed the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on
business operations, trading and short-term changes
to remuneration;

* Considered that, in the light of the uncertainty caused
by the pandemic, the payment of a final dividend for
FY 20 would not be appropriate and, therefore, agreed
not to recommend it;

* Considered and declared an interim dividend for
FY 21; and

* Considered and agreed in principle the heads of
terms and acquisition of Lionpoint Holdings, Inc.,
subject to satisfactory completion of due diligence
and final negotiation.

External Advisers

The Board members may seek the advice of the Group's legal
advisers, external auditors and the Nominated Adviser ("NOMAD")
‘on matters within the Board or the committees’ terms of
reference, or to provide recommendations on specific corporate
or governance events.

In November 2020, the Company announced that it had
appointed Investec Bank plc as joint broker alongside its existing
broker, Berenberg. In January 2021, the Company announced
that it had appointed Investec Bank pic as NOMAD. The Directors
have direct access to the advice and services of Prism Cosec,
which acts as Company Secretary for the Group.

The Chairman, aided by the Company Secretary, is responsible
for ensuring that the Directors receive accurate and timely
information for the Board meeting. The Company Secretary
provides minutes of each meeting and every Director is aware
of the right to have any concerns documented. In addition, the
Company Secretary ensures that any feedback or suggestions
for improvement of the Board papers are documented and
evaluated for amendment or enhancement with respect to
future meetings of the Board.

Alpha continues
to develop the
corporate governance
structure and processes
in ways that reflect the
evolving requirements of
the Group's shareholders,
employees, clients and
wider stakeholders.


===== page 94 =====
92

Annual Report 2021

Corporate Governance
Corporate Governance Report continued

Board Structure
Alpha Board

Agrees Group strategy
Oversees progress towards strategic goals

‘Shareholder and stakeholder engagement

Chairman of the Board

Leadership of the Board
Reviews performance of the Board Directors

Ensures corporate governance

° ° ° °

Audit and Risk Nomination Remuneration Group Strategy
Committee Committee Committee Committee
Ensures effective systems Reviews Board composition Agrees Group remuneration Defines and proposes
of internal controt and and balance of skils policies any changes tothe strategy
isk ?
risk management Leads the process for Ensures operation of Execution of strategy
ow on . iv
ersees the Group's Board appointments transparent, simple and effective. Monitors and addresses
financial eporting incentive schemes .
Ensures appropriate strategic risk
Appoints and oversees: ‘succession planning Considers alignment of
the relationship with the reward with long-term
external aucitor shareholder value

°

Group
Coordination
Committee

Management of
business operations

Coordination of
commercial activities

Maintains Group
governance structure

Global Chief Chief Chief
Chief Financial Commercial Operating
Executive Officer Officer Officer
Officer
Global Head, Global Head, Global Chief Head of
Alpha Data Asset & Wealth Client Officer & Asset & Wealth
Solutions Management Head of Asset Management,
& Wealth North America
Management.
IK

Key:

e Executive


===== page 95 =====
93

Annual Report 2021

“It has been incredible to see the firm grow towards
500 people, list on the LSE AIM, expand across
multiple geographies, win, and deliver countless
projects for new and existing clients, and launch
numerous important initiatives.”

Alpha employee


===== page 96 =====
94

Annual Report 2021

Corporate Governance

Corporate Governance Report continued

Board Effectiveness

The objectives of the Board are to review, formulate and approve
the Group's strategy, budgets and key corporate activities, and
to oversee the Group's progress towards its goals. The Group
has a process for evaluating the performance of the Board, of its
committees and of the Directors individually in respect of these
objectives. In addition, the Chairman assesses the Board as

a whole regularly to ensure that it is functioning efficiently

and productively.

During the year, each of the areas identified in the previous
Board evaluation in 2019 were considered and the Board
monitored progress regularly. In particular, the Board calendar
now includes more regular presentations by members of the
Group Coordination Committee and others in the wider senior
management team. Additional dedicated Board sessions have
also been held to review strategy in light of business growth.

A formal Board evaluation process was conducted in March 2021
by way of a detailed questionnaire completed by each member
of the Board. The aim of the evaluation was to obtain actionable
views on the effectiveness of the Board, its committees and
key governance areas. The responses were collated, reviewed
by the Chairman and a summary of the results were presented
to the Board for discussion and agreement on focus areas and
related actions.

The conclusions from the March 2021 evaluation confirmed that
the Board continues to function effectively as a unit and in
committees, and that the surrounding Board governance and
operations reflect the culture and values of the Group. Areas of
focus for the coming year include changes to Board process
around reporting and the format and frequency of meetings.
Progress in these areas will be reviewed and monitored by the
Board and Nomination Committee during the year. Following
this process, the Chairman will also hold one-to-one meetings
with each of the Directors as part of the evaluation process.
He also holds one-to-one meetings with the Directors during
the year as required.

Conflicts of Interest

The Company has effective procedures in place to identify,
monitor and manage any conflicts of interest. At each meeting
of the Board or its committees, the Directors are required to
declare any interests in the matters to be discussed and are
regularly reminded of their duty to notify any actual or potential
conflicts of interest. The Company's Articles provide for the
Board to authorise any actual or potential conflicts of interest
if deemed appropriate to do so.

Internal Controls and Risk Management

The Board has overall accountability for the systems of internal
control and risk management. The Audit and Risk Committee
reviews and assures the effectiveness of the Group's interna!
controls and risk management on the Board's behalf.

As part of that duty, the Board determines the Group's risk
management objectives and policies. In this respect, the
objective of the Board is to set policies that seek to reduce
ongoing risk as far as possible, without unduly affecting the
Group's competitiveness and flexibility. The Board believes
that this approach serves the interests of creating sustainable
shareholder value while also protecting the Group's corporate
culture and other stakeholder interests.

The operational functions of the Group are carried out within a
practical and effective risk management framework. The Group
Coordination Committee has executive responsibility for
identifying and managing risk effectively, across the business.
Any material operational decisions made by the Group
Coordination Committee in this respect are reviewed by the Board.

The identified material operational, financial and industry risks
facing the Group are also reported to the Board. A summary of
the principal risks and uncertainties, as well as mitigating actions,
are provided in the “principal risks” section of the Strategic
Report. The Board formally reviews, agrees and documents
the principal risks to the business at least annually.

Processes to embed risk management throughout the Group,
and opportunities to introduce further enhancements, continue
to be reviewed and changes are implemented as appropriate.
During the year, the Board reviewed the Group's risk policy along
with the risk framework and internal controls, and agreed they
were appropriate for the operating context and business model.


===== page 97 =====
95

Annual Report 2021
Engagement Calendar FY 21
March-April April September October November March-April
2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2021
Pre-close Pre-close Annual General Pre-close trading Interim results virtual Investor conference
investor meetings _ trading update Meeting update roadshow, UK & Europe _calls, UK & Europe
June September October February
2020 2020 2020 2021
Preliminary results Private client broker Pre-close Capital markets
virtual roadshow, and shareholder investor meetings briefing

UK & Europe

Shareholder Communications

The Board places great emphasis on maintaining an effective
dialogue with shareholders, which it considers to be integral to
long-term growth and success. It is committed to communicating
consistently and openly with shareholders.

The principal methods of communication are the Annual Report
& Accounts, the interim and full-year results announcements, the
AGM and the Group's investor website investors.alphafmc.com.
The website is updated regularly with information regarding the
Group’s governance, activities and performance, including both
statutory and non-statutory regulatory news announcements,
which are issued throughout the year to update on financial,
operational and other matters.

The Global Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
meet with the representatives of the Group's institutional investors.
as well as analysts to ensure that the Group's corporate objectives,
strategies and operational developments are clear and understood.
This would normally include investor roadshows, attending
investor conferences and ad-hoc meetings that are part of the
building of relationships with existing and future shareholders.
During the year, as a result of the COVID-19 related restrictions
in place, all meetings and roadshows were held by video
conference. Alpha also held its first capital markets event in
February 2021, sharing with shareholders such topics as its
North America growth strategy and insurance roadmap. Investor
relations activity and a review of the shareholder register are
quarterly items on the Board's agenda.

Understanding what analysts and investors think about the Group
is an equally important component of these interactions. The

Board as a whole is kept informed of their feedback and views
by the Global Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer.
This includes information provided by the Group's joint corporate

meetings, UK

brokers, Berenberg and Investec Bank plc, following investor
meetings. The Chairman and Non-Executive Directors are also
available to meet with shareholders, if required, to discuss any
items of importance.

Annual General Meeting

The Company's fourth AGM is scheduled to take place on
Thursday 23 September 2021. Further details of the
arrangements for the AGM and voting procedures can be found
in the Notice of the 2021 Annual General Meeting, which is
available on the Group's investor website investors.alphafmc.com.

It is hoped that shareholders will be able to attend the AGM
and have an opportunity to raise questions with the Board at
the meeting. However, in light of the COVID-19 pandemic,
the Board is closely monitoring developments and the related
UK Government guidelines, and will provide an update by
announcement via a Regulatory News Service if any further
changes are required to the AGM arrangements.

Voting results will be announced through the Regulatory News
Service and made available on the Group's investor website
investors.alphafmc.com.

By order of the Board.
Ken Fry

Chairman
24 June 2021


===== page 98 =====
96

Annual Report 2021

Corporate Governance

Nomination Committee

Report

The Nomination Committee leads the process for Board
appointments and making recommendations to the
Board about its composition and succession planning.

On behalf of the Board, | am pleased to present the Nomination
Committee's report for the year ended 31 March 2021.

Jill May was appointed as a Non-Executive Director on 1 July
2020, following the recommendation of the Nomination
Committee. Details of her induction can be found below under
“Board induction”. Jill joined the Nomination Committee upon
her appointment as a Non-Executive Director.

Committee Attendance

Committee member Eligible to attend Attendance
Ken Fry (Chair)? 3 2
Penny Judd 3 3
Jill May? 2 2

Committee Governance

The Committee is chaired by the Chairman of the Board, Ken
Fry; its other members are Penny Judd and Jill May. The
Executive Directors attend some meetings by invitation.

In the event that the matter under discussion relates to the
Chairman's re-appointment or succession, the Committee is
chaired by an independent Non-Executive Director.

The Nomination Committee meets as and when necessary,
but at least twice a year. The Nomination Committee met three
times during FY 21.

Key Responsibilities

The purpose of the Nomination Committee is to keep under
review the structure, size and composition of the Board, as
well as succession planning for the Directors, It leads the
process for identifying and nominating, for approval by the
Board, candidates to fill Board and committee vacancies.

In accordance with its terms of reference, the Committee
develops and maintains a rigorous and transparent approach
for recommending appointments and re-appointments to the
Board. Its primary responsibilities in this area include:

* Regularly reviewing the structure, size and composition of
the Board to ensure that it has an appropriate balance of
skills, independence, knowledge, experience and diversity;

* Considering succession planning for the Board Directors
and senior executives, taking into account the challenges
and opportunities facing the Company and wider Group,
along with skills and expertise that may be required in the
future;

Identifying and nominating for approval by the Board
candidates to fill Board vacancies as and when they arise;

* Ensuring that the necessary due diligence and conflicts of
interest checks have been undertaken before an
appointment is made;

Monitoring whether satisfactory induction is provided to
new Directors regarding their knowledge of the Group, and
their Board and committee responsibilities; and

Reviewing the results of the Board evaluation process and
ensuring that the conclusions are captured and actioned
where necessary.

® Ken Fry did not attend the meeting at which the Committee considered the renewal of his appointment.

% Jill May was appointed to the Committee on 1 July 2020.


===== page 99 =====
97

Annual Report 2021

A description of how the Committee has carried out its
responsibilities through the key activities of the year is
provided below.

Board Committees Structure

Following the changes to the composition of the Board during
the year and, in line with the recommendations of the QCA
Code, the Committee considered the composition of all of the
Board committees. As part of this, the Nomination Committee
recommended changes to the Board to ensure that all

Board committees are composed of independent Non-
Executive Directors.

Board Induction

All new Directors appointed to the Board undertake an
induction programme to ensure that they develop an
understanding of the business and of their role and
responsibility as a Director of the Alpha Board. The
programme is tailored to suit each individual Director.

Jill May’s induction included one-to-one meetings with other
Directors, senior management of the Group and external
advisers. These meotingc were hold by video conforonce due
to COVID-19 related restrictions.

Succession Planning

Akey role of the Committee is to ensure that the Group has
appropriate succession planning in place. During the year,
contingency and succession plans for each member of the
Board, particularly the Executive Director roles, were approved
by the Committee.

Succession plans will be reviewed by the Committee each year.

Renewal of Appointment Letter

The Committee considered the renewal of Ken Fry's
appointment, following his three-year initial term, and
recommended to the Board that his appointment be renewed
for a further three-year term from the conclusion of the 2020
AGM. The Board approved the recommendation and his
appointment was renewed for three years to expire at the
conclusion of the 2023 AGM.

Board Evaluation

As part of the Board’s commitment to maintaining a strong
corporate governance framework, the Committee reviews the
approach to, and results of, the Board's performance
evaluation process.



===== page 100 =====
98

Annual Report 2021

Corporate Governance

Nomination Committee Report continued

A formal Board evaluation process was conducted in March
2021 by way of a detailed questionnaire completed by each
member of the Board. The aim of the evaluation was to obtain
actionable views on the effectiveness of the Board, its
committees and key governance areas. The responses were
collated, reviewed by the Chairman and a summary of tho
results was presented to the Board for discussion and
agreement on focus areas and related actions. As part of this
process, the Chairman will also hold further one-to-one
meetings with each of the Directors.

The conclusions from this evaluation confirmed that the Board
continues to function effectively as a unit and in committees,
and that its operation reflects the culture and values of the
Group. Areas of focus for the coming year include changes to
Board process around reporting and the format and frequency
of meetings. Progress in these areas will be reviewed and
monitored by the Nomination Committee during the year.

The Committee continues to believe that the Board, its
sub-committees and the Directors individually operate an
optimal structure to secure future growth, while maintaining
the Group's unique culture.

Diversity

In executing its duties, the Nomination Committee objectively
considers candidates on merit and with due regard for the
benefits of diversity, including gender diversity, on the Board.

Alpha is an equal opportunities employer and the Group's
policy is to ensure that all employees, or those seeking
employment, are treated fairly. This policy applies at Board
level and across the Group. All decisions relating to
recruitment, selection and promotion are made objectively
regardless of race, ethnicity, nationality, gender, sexual
orientation, religious belief, political opinion, age or disability.

Following the appointment of Jill May, the Board satisfies the
diversity target set by the Hampton-Alexander review. The
Board will continue to work to improve diversity within the
Board and the wider management team.

In order to consider tho effectiveness and priorities of Alpha’s
Diversity & Inclusion programme, the Board has requested
rogular updates, which include roprecentatives working on the
programme attending Board meetings. Further information
about the D&l programme is provided in the Role in Society
report on pp 62-67.

Ken Fry
Chair of the Nomination Committee
24 June 2021


===== page 101 =====
99

Annual Report 2021

“Alpha are really great partners
in our industry and bring to bear
experience across asset classes,
across geographies. They also
bring tangible actionable benefits
and insights.”

Global Head of Investment Services, asset manager


===== page 102 =====
100

Annuat Report 2021

Corporate Governance

Audit and Risk
Committee Report

The Audit and Risk Committee provides independent
oversight of the Group's financial statements and
performance reporting, and of the Group’s systems of
internal financial control and risk management.

On behalf of the Board, | am pleased to present the Audit and
Risk Committee's report for the year ended 31 March 2021.

The purpose of the Audit and Risk Committee is to oversee
the Group's internal financial controls and risk management
systems, to recommend the interim and full-year financial
results to the Board, and to monitor the integrity of all formal
reports and announcements relating to the Company's
financial performance. In addition, the Committee is
responsible for appointing the external auditor of the Group,
maintaining that relationship and reporting the findings and
recommendations of the external auditor to the Board.

Committee Attendance

Committee member Eligible to attend Attendance
Penny Judd (Chair) “3

Ken Fry 3 3
Nick Kent?! 1 1
Jill May? 2 2

3 Nick Kent stepped down from the Committee on 1 July 2020.
32 Jil! May was appointed to the Committee on 1 July 2020.

Committee Governance

The Audit and Risk Committee is chaired by Penny Judd and
comprises solely independent Non-Executive Directors. Its
other members are Ken Fry and Jill May, who joined the
Committee on her appointment on 1 July 2020. Penny Judd
has recent and relevant financial experience with competence
in accounting or auditing. More information on the Committee
members’ skills and experience is provided on p. 81.

The Audit and Risk Committee meets as and when necessary,
but at least three times a year. The Committee met three times
during FY 21.

The Committee has unrestricted access to the Group's auditor,
KPMG LLP, and the lead audit partner and members of that
team are invited to attend meetings of the Committee
regularly. At least once a year, the Committee meets with the
auditor without the presence of any Exocutive Diractor in order
to discuss independently the auditor's remit and any other
issues arising from the audit; they met in this manner once
during the year.

The Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Executive Officer
attend meetings at the request of the Committee Chair to
facilitate discussion of the financial statements and systems of
financial control and risk management. Both Directors joined
part of each meeting held in FY 21.


===== page 103 =====
101

Annual Report 2021

Key Responsibilities

The Committee's key responsibilities are set out in its terms of
reference and include the following:

‘* Monitoring the integrity of the Group’s financial statements,
including the annual and interim reports, and other
significant announcements relating to financial
performance, and reviewing any significant reporting issues
and judgements;

* Advising on the clarity of disclosure and information
contained in the financial reports;

* Ensuring compliance with relevant accounting standards
and reviewing the consistency of the methodology applied;

* Reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of the systems
of internal control and risk management;

* Overseeing the relationship with the external auditor,
reviewing performance and advising the Board members
on the auditor's appointment and remuneration; and

* Reviewing and discussing the findings of the audit with the
external auditor.

Activities During the Year

During FY 21, the Committee reviewed and approved the
Group’s FY 20 preliminary and FY 21 interim results including
consideration of the significant accounting issues relating to
the financial statements and the going concern review. The
Committee considered the impact and risks and associated
with COVID-19 on the Group's cash flows, particularly in
relation to the preparation of the Group’s financial statements
on a going concern basis. An extensive scenario modelling
exercise was undertaken and reviewed by the Committee.

In its responsibility to assure the Group’s financial control and
risk management environment, the Committee continued its
focus on risk and financial controls. Following the review of
financial controls undertaken by the Group in FY 20, which the
Committee discussed and approved, the Committee
monitored progress against the plan to implement refinements
to systems and processes, to further improve the financial
control environment and to enhance team operations. This
included some process automation, system access reviews
and forecasting robustness. The Committee also reviewed and
approved an updated treasury policy and limits.

On behalf of the Board, the Committee oversees and assures
the Group's risk processes and risk reporting across all
business units. Alongside the audit process, there is an
ongoing focus to identify and manage the risks faced by the
Group. The principal risks to the Group, along with the
identified mitigating actions, are set out in the “principal risks”
section of the Strategic Report on pp 46-50. The Committee
discussed and reviewed the risk framework, including the
principal risks, with the Chief Operating Officer.

The Committee also reviewed the year-end audit plan and
considered the scope of the audit as well as the external
auditor's fees.

The Committee reviewed and approved the Group's
whistleblowing and anti-bribery procedures during the year. It
also reviewed its terms of reference during the year, and these
were approved by the Board.


===== page 104 =====
102

Annual Report 2021

Corporate Governance

Audit and Risk Committee Report continued

External Auditor Appointment and Tenure

The Committee oversees the relationship with the external auditor
and monitors all services that it provides and the fees payable,
to ensure that potential conflicts of interest are considered and
that ait objective and professional relationship is maintained.
In particular, the Committee reviews and monitors the
independence and objectivity of the external auditors and the
effectiveness of the audit process.

KPMG LLP was first appointed as the Group's external auditor in
2015. In line with the policy on lead partner rotation, the current
lead partner was appointed following completion of the FY 19
audit. The Committee has assessed the frequency of tendering
and the length of tenure of the external auditor in reviewing
the policy, and the Committee will consider the tenure of the
external audit contract at the end of the current lead partner's
tenure, which concludes after the FY 24 financial year end.

KPMG LLP did not provide any non-audit services during the
year. An analysis of the remuneration to the external auditor in
respect of audit services during the year is set out in note 3 to
the consolidated financial statements.

The Committee seeks feedback from the Chief Financial Officer.
and senior members of the finance team on the effectiveness
of the external auditor and the audit process. The Committee
continues to be satisfied with the scope of the external auditor's
work, the effectiveness of the external audit process and is
satisfied that KPMG remains independent in the discharge of
its audit responsibilities. The Committee is, therefore, pleased
to recommend to the Board that a resolution to re-appoint
KPMG LLP as the Company's auditor be proposed at the
forthcoming AGM.

Area of Focus

Revenue recognition

Revenue is the most material income statement caption and,
by its nature, revenue recognition is a key policy. The majority
of Group revenue is contracted on a time and materials basis.
The Group has some milestone or fixed priced contracts and
the recognition of revenue on such contracts in progress at
the year end involves consideration of milestone delivery and
other terms.

Audit Process

The external auditor prepares an audit plan for its review of the
full year financial statements, and tho audit plan is reviewed and
agreed in advance by the Committee, Before the approval of the
financial statements, tho oxtornal auditor proconte ite findings
to the Committee, highlighting areas of significant financial
judgement for discussion. The Committee also reviews the
external auditor's management letter and detailod procontations
are made to the Committee by the auditor at least twice a year.
There is an active ongoing discussion between the Committee _
and the auditor on any recommendations to improve the
efficiency of the audit process.

Significant Accounting Matters

In the year, the Audit and Risk Committee considered key
accounting issues, judgements and estimates in relation to
the Group's FY 21 financial statements. These issues were
discussed and reviewed with the finance team and the
external auditor. The Audit and Risk Committee challenged
judgements and sought clarification where necessary.

The Committee received a report from the external auditors on
the work they had performed to arrive at their conclusions and
discussed any material findings contained within that report.
The information contained in the table below should be
considered together with KPMG’s independent external audit
report on pp 114-19 and the accounting policies disclosed in
the notes to the financial statements as referenced in the table.

How It Was Addressed

Detailed revenue year-end cut-off procedures have been
performed internally, including review of relevant contractual
client terms.

The Committee has discussed these procedures internally
and considered the appropriateness of the relevant revenue
disclosures in the financial statements, in accordance with
IFRS 15.



===== page 105 =====
103

Annual Report 2021

Area of Foc:

Employment-linked acquisition payments

The Group has made one significant judgement associated
with tho acquisition of Obsidian: the interpretation of specific
clauses within the share purchase agreement with respect to
the link between ongoing employment and the undiscounted
value of the earn-out payable to the vendors.

How It

Addi

The Group has examined the relevant guidance in drawing
a conclusion on the accounting for Obsidian under the
requirements of IFRS 3.

The Directors believe that the judgement made during the
initial acquisition accounting reflected the meaning of the
relevant clause in the share purchase agreement, and is still
relevant and appropriate.

Share-based payments

Significant estimates are required by IFRS 2 associated with
share-based payments expense including the assessment of
the fair value of share options at the date of grant and the
probability that share options will vest in the future.

The fair value of share options assumed at each date of
grant was reviewed externally by professional advisers.

The probability that share options will vest is assessed at
every reporting date for historic attrition, time to vest and
known performance. These assumptions have been reviewed
internally and discussed with the Committee.

Acquisition earn-outs

The Axxsys and Obsidian acquisitions contain estimation
uncertainty, associated with the fair value of contingent
consideration, which are linked to the future performance of
those businesses. The contingent and non-contingent
consideration are also part linked to ongoing employment of
certain of the management vendors, which has been assumed.

The fair value of contingent earn-out consideration is based
on management's best estimate of potential future cash flows.
These assumptions have been discussed with the Committee,
including the appropriateness of these significant estimates,
while taking into account the potential impacts from the
ongoing COVID-19 pandemic.

Internal Audit

The Committee has considered the need for an internal audit
function during the yoar and continuos to bo of the view that,
given the size and nature of the Group's operations and finance
toam, thoro is no curront requirement to establish a separate
internal audit function. Internal assurance is obtained through the
Group's review of risks and controls as detailed on pp 40-44.

Share Dealing, Anti-Bribery
and Whistleblowing

The Group has adopted a share dealing code in conformity
with the requirements of Rule 21 of the AIM Rules. All
employees, including new joiners, are required to agrec to
comply with the code. The Group has also adopted anti-
bribery and whistleblowing policies, which are included in
every employee's staff handbook.

The Group operates an open and inclusive culture and
employees are encouraged to speak up if they have any
concerns. The aim of such policies is to ensure that all
employees observe ethical behaviours and bring matters that
cause them concern to the attention of either the Executive or
Non-Executive Directors.

Penny Judd
Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee
24 June 2021


===== page 106 =====
104

Annual Report 2021

Corporate Governance

Remuneration
Committee Report —

The Remuneration Committee makes recommendations
on matters relating to performance, remuneration and
terms of services for the Board and senior management

of the Group.

On behalf of the Board, | am pleased to present the Remuneration
Committee's report for the year ended 31 March 2021.

Committee Attendance

Committee member Eligible to attend Attendance
Ken Fry (Chair) 7 7
Penny Judd 7 7
Nick Kent® 4 4
Jill May** 6 6

Committee Governance

The Committee comprises solely independent Non-Executive
Directors. Its members are Ken Fry, Penny Judd and Jill May.
Jill joined the Remuneration Committee on her appointment as
a Non-Executive Director on 1 July 2020. On the same date,
Nick Kent stepped down from the Committee and Ken Fry
took on the role of Chair of the Committee on an interim hasis
Following her induction over the last twelve months, it is intended
that Jill will take on the role of Chair of the Committee later in
the year.

The Committee meets as and when necessary, but at least twice
a year. The Committee met seven times during FY 21; additional
meetings were scheduled during the year to discuss COVID-

related and other matters. The Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer are invited to join the meeting when appropriate.

* Nick Kent stepped down from the Committee on 1 July 2020.
% Jill May was appointed to the Committee on 1 July 2020.

Key Responsibilities

The Remuneration Committee formulates and recommends
to the Board the remuneration policies for Executive Directors,
the Chairman of the Board and senior management of the
Group. The objective of these policies is to:

* Attract, retain and motivate employees of the quality
required to run the Group successfully;

* Promote the long-term success of the Group; and

* Ensure that the performance-related elements of remuneration
form a significant yet appropriate proportion of the total
remuneration packago and aro trancparent, strotching and
rigorously applied.

The Committee is also responsible for reviewing all performance-
related pay and share incentive schemes in use by the Group.
The purpose of these reviews is to ensure:

* The appropriateness of the targets and level of rewards
set; and

© Thal the dilution of equily arising from such schernes does
not exceed the plans defined at the point of the Group’s
admission to AIM.

Note 21 sets out further details of the share based paymont
schemes of the Group.


===== page 107 =====
105

Annual Report 2021

Activities During the Year

During the course of the year, the main activities of the
Committee were:

* Consideration and updating of the composition of the total
shareholder return comparator group of companies;
Approval of performance criteria for the management
incentive plan (“MIP”) for Executive Directors and senior
management of the Group for FY 21;

Review of the Remuneration Committee report in the

Annual Report & Accounts;

* Review of the operation of the employee benefit trust (“EBT”),
and approval in principle for the EBT to purchase shares in
satisfaction of awards in certain circumstances,

* Approval of share incentive awards for the Executive
Directors and senior management;

* Consideration of remuneration principles for the
senior management;

* Vesting of MIP options from prior periods;

Remuneration Policy

* Approval of proposal for repayment of COVID-19
salary sacrifice;

* Assessing the effectiveness and application of the
remuneration policy in light of the overall performance of
the business in FY 21 and future growth plans;

* Review and approval of revised terms of reference for the
Remuneration Committee; and

* Initial consideration of the introduction of a profit share scheme
for Executive Directors and senior management for FY 22.

Further to the above, there were a number of year-end related
activities that were concluded in the period after 31 March 2021
due to the need to have visibility of final figures; these included:

* Approval of the introduction of a profit share scheme for
Executive Directors and senior management for FY 22;

* Confirmation of approval of option grants under the MIP for
Executive Directors and senior management in respect of
FY 21 performance; and

* Approval of performance criteria for the MIP for Executive
Directors and senior management for FY 22 awards.

The key elements of remuneration of the Executive Directors and senior management of the Group are:

Key Remuneration El

Base Salary
performance of the individual.

Base salary is reviewed annually and takes account of the responsibilities, experience and

Pensions and Benefits
ancillary benefits.

Contribution to a defined contribution pension scheme, maternity/ paternity pay and other

Share Incentives

As part of its AIM admission, the Group put in place a management incentive plan under

which selected individuals are awarded share options at nil or nominal value, but with
performance criteria that align their interests with those of shareholders. The performance

criteria are described overleaf.

Profit Share Scheme

The Committee has approved the Group's profit share scheme for employees to be applied to

the Executive Directors and senior management of the Group, with effect from 1 April 2021 for
FY 22. This scheme will be subject to the review of remuneration policy referred to overleaf.

The Committee has the ability under its terms of reference to
use discretion in order to achieve fair remuneration outcome,
taking into account the Group's performance. Further detail on
how discretion was applied during the year is set out overleaf.

The Committee considers that the remuneration policy put in

place at the time of AIM admission, together with the targets

and awards as updated each year, has been appropriate and
successful in achieving its objectives, whilst also acting as an
effective retention mechanism.

As it is now over three years since AIM admission, the
Committee feels it is appropriate to undertake a review of
remuneration policy for the Executive Directors of the Board
and senior management team. This review will be conducted
during FY 22.


===== page 108 =====
106

Annual Report 2021

Corporate Governance

Remuneration Committee Report continued

Summary of Directors’ Remuneration

The below single-figure table has been audited and below represents the Directors’ remuneration for the years ended 31 March

2021 and 31 March 2020:

Share ‘Share
Salary Salary options options
andfees* and fees Pension Pension vested vested
£000s £000 £'000s £'000s £'000s £'000's FY 21 FY 20
FY 21 FY 20 FY21 FY 20 FY 21 FY 20 £0008 £000s
Executive Directors
Euan Fraser®¢ 565 565 v7 7 528 - 1,110 582
John Paton” 240 240 - 6 - - 240 246
Non-Executive Directors
Ken Fry 65 65 - - - - 65 65
Penny Judd 50 50 - - - - 50 50
dill May%® 38 - - - - - 38 -
Nick Kent? at 50 = 2 = - 21 52
Total 979 970 7 25 528 - 1,524 995

FY 21 Changes to Remuneration in
Response to COVID-19

As disclosed in last year's Annual Report & Accounts, in response
to the COVID-19 pandemic, all the Executive and Non-Executive
Board Directors, along with the senior leadership team of the
Group, volunteered to take a temporary (six-month) 40 per cent
reduction in salary and fees from 1 April 2020. Additionally,

all the Group's employees at director level agreed to take a
temporary 20 per cent reduction in salary for the same six-month
period. This period of salary sacrifice ended on 31 September
2020. In March 2021, the Board agreed that, given the strong
performance of the Group during the year, it would be appropriate
to repay the total amount of salary sacrificed to all employees
who participated; the repayment was made in May 2021.

As disclosed in the previous year, the Remuneration Committee
considered carefully the performance criteria that should be
applied to the option awards granted in respect of FY 21
performance. Given the potential COVID-19 related challenges,
the Committee applied its discretion to authorise the award of
the normal quantum of share options for FY 21 but with more

flexible performance criteria, to allow the senior management
team to respond to the impact of COVID-19 as it evolved. The
Committee considered that this was in the long-term interests
of the Company and its shareholders.

The Board was very pleased with the resilient FY 21 performance
of the Group, growing against the more challenging COVID-19
backdrop. The Committee believes that the more flexible approach
adopted in FY 21 has been helpful in focussing senior
management on such an out-turn. Consequently, the majority of
the senior management's share incentive performance criteria
have been met for FY 21.

Executive Directors’ Remuneration

As indicated above, the Committee has given its initial approval
for an up to 10 per cent profit share bonus to Executive Directors,
senior management and the wider director team for FY 22.
Alongside, a number of the team will retain the same base salary
as the prior year, including the Global Chief Executive Officer.

3 Each Director sacrificed 40% of their salary/fees between 1 April and 30 September 2020. The total amount sacrificed by each Director was repaid to
them in May 2021 and, to aid comparability between accounting periods, has been included in the above table within salary and fees.

% 250.000 options granted to Euan Fraser under the MIP in October 2017 vested on 12 October 2020 and were exercised in the year. The Remuneration
Committee assessed the performance conditions and all options vested in full. The closing price of the Company's shares on the date of vesting was

£2.11. The price at award was £1.60.

37 John Paton opted out of the Company personal pension plan during FY 20.

38 Jill May was appointed with effect from 1 July 2020. Her annual fee of £50,000 was pro-rated accordingly.
* Nick Kent resigned as a Director with effect from 1 September 2020. His annual fee of £50,000 was pro-rated accordingly.


===== page 109 =====
107

Annual Report 2021

The Committee agreed that the Chief Financial Officer's salary
would be increased with effect from 1 April 2021 to £275,000.
In reviewing and setting this increase, the Committee considered
benchmarking data of similarly sized companies.

In line with previous years, share option awards will form part of
the remuneration for the Board’s Executive Directors, alongside
the base salary and profit share components.

Share Incentive Plan

On 12 October 2020, certain of the management incentive plan
awards granted at the time of the October 2017 AIM admission
Partially vested, following satisfaction of performanco conditions:

The awards’ performance conditions, relating to EPS growth
and total shareholder roturn oxcooding a basket of comparablo
companies over three years to 12 October 2020, were met in
full. Therefore, the Chief Executive Officer's award vested in
full, as did the majority of other director awards.

Performance Criteria
As noted, the FY 21 award criteria were set appropriately for

that year. Following tho prior yoar’s greator floxibility for the
COVID-19 environment, the Committee has returned to a more

* The Group achieving adjusted EPS growth of 15% or more
to trigger a maximum award, or 10% to trigger a 66% award,
with a linear application of awards between these levels

* The Group achieving a total shareholder return (“TSR”) over
three years in excess of the mean TSR delivered by a peer
group of comparable companies

* Personal adherence to corporate values and risk policy

* Specific business unit EBITDA, or other personal targets
and goals

The wider director team’s FY 22 performance criteria is based on
a range of factors including relevant local budgetary, individual
performance targets and EPS growth. The Committee believes
that tho substantial oquity awards available under the
managoment incentive plan, up to a maximum of 10% dilution
of the issued share capital over three years, are an important
element of remuneration and motivate the Group's senior
management to drive the business forward and deliver the
planned growth over the long term. The Committee considers
that the performance criteria selected relate closely to the
Group's key performance indicators.

Directors’ Share Interests and Awards

The following table sets out the Directors’ share interests,
including bonoficial and non-boneficial holdings:

‘Number of
standard approach in setting the FY 22 award criteria. The ordinary shares Number of
teri a i as at 31 March 2020 ordinary shares
criteria for FY 22 share incentive awards to the Executive (ordate of appointment) as at 31 March 2021
Directors and senior management of tho Group aro four fold, >
Fi . ‘ Euan Fraser 1,356,081 563,485
depending on the individual and their role:
John Paton 37,639 37,639
Ken Fry 184,070 184,070
Penny Judd - -
Jill May’? - -
The following table sets out details of Directors’ share awards:
‘Number of share Share options Share options ‘Number of share
options held as exercised in granted in Price on options held as
at 31 March 2020 the year the year date of grant at 34 March 2021
Euan Fraser 536,343 (250,000) 329,294 £1.85 615,637
John Paton 142,238 - 126,652 £1.85 268,890
Total 678,581 (250,000) 455,946 884,527

*® After the year end, Jill May acquired 12,307 ordinary shares in the Company on 21 May 2021.
#" Share options granted in the year comprise JSOP awards under the MIP. Refer to note 21 to the consolidated financial statements for further details.

* Mid-market price on 22 July 2020.


===== page 110 =====
108

Annual Report 2021

Corporate Governance

Remuneration Committee Report continued

Pensions

The Executive Directors are eligible to participate in the Company's.
personal pension plan. This includes an employer's contribution
of 3% of salary per annum, which applies to all UK employees
and the UK being the location of the two Executive Directors
of the Board.

Directors’ Service Agreements

The Executive Directors entered into service agreements with
the Company on.the following dates:

Date of Notice period
Service by Company
Director Agreement Term _ and by Director
Euan Fraser 5 October 2017 _ Indefinite 6 months
John Paton 28 February 2018 _ Indefinite 6 months.

The Non-Executive Directors do not have service agreements.
However, The Non-Executive Directors’ letters of appointment
provide that their tenure of office has an initial period of three
years, and will continue until terminated by the Non-Executive
Director or the Company on giving to the other three months’
prior written notice. Each Non-Executive Director is typicaily
expected to serve for two three-year terms, but may be invited
by the Board to serve for an agamonal period.

Notice period:

Date of Term by Company

Director current appointment expires _and by Director
Ken Fry 23 September 2020 2023 AGM 3 months
Penny Judd 28 February 2018 2021 AGM 3 months
Jill May 30 June 2020 2024 AGM 3 months

Payments for Loss of Office

There were no payments for loss of office during the year.

Non-Executive Directors’ Fees

Tho Chairman of the Board and the two Non Executive Directors
receive an annual fee for their sorvicos, which is reflective of their
lovol of oxperionce, knowledge, responsibility and expected
time commitment.

Tho feos payablo to the Non Executive Directors are reviewed
and benchmarked annually. No changes were made to
Non-Executive Directors’ fees during FY 21. From FY 22, the
annual fees payable to Ken Fry, Penny Judd and Jill May have
been increased to £90,000, £60,000 and £60,000, respectively.

Policy for the Remuneration of Employees

The Board recognises the vital importance of attracting and
retaining the highest calibre of consultants, and strongly
cupporte the management's remuncration policy for employees.
Bolow tho sonior leadership team, all employces receive a fixed
salary that ic compotitive with tho market, a profit share or cash
bonus scheme that is team based and linked to achieving
financial targotc; and other benofits. The Board believes that this
structuro provides a compolling remuneration package that
reinforces teamwork, aligns the employees with the Group’s
objectives and helps to promote a feeling of ownership
amongst all employees.

Ken Fry
Chair of the Remuneration Committee
24 June 2021


===== page 111 =====
“We are encouraged to have a voice and express
our thoughts and opinions, and this transparency
and openness will continue to be the foundation
of our culture as we evolve.”

Alpha employee


===== page 112 =====
110

Annual Report 2021

Corporate Governance
Directors’ Report

The Directors present their Annual Report and the
audited consolidated financial statements of Alpha
Financial Markets Consulting plc (the “Company”,
the “Group”), for the year ended 31 March 2021.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc is incorporated in The Directors believe that the requisite components of this
England and Wales with registered number 09965297. The report are set out elsewhere in the Annual Report and/or on
Company’s registered office is 60 Gresham Street, London, the Company's website, investors.alphafmc.com. The table

EC2V 78B. The Company is a public limited company and is sets out where the necessary disclosures can be found.
listed on the AIM of the London Stock Exchange.

Principal Activities

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc is the holding company for a global group of companies,
the principal activity of which is the provision of consulting and related services to clients in the
asset management, wealth management and insurance industries.

A review of the performance and future development of the Group's business is contained in the
Chairman's, the Global Chief Executive Officer’s and the Chief Financial Officer’s Reports on
pp 4-6, pp 7-11 and pp 122-26 respectively.

Results

The financial results for the year ended 31 March 2021 are set out in the Chief Financial Officer's
Report on pp 122-26, in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income on p. 127 and
further commented upon in the Global Chief Executive Officer's Report on pp 7-11.

The Directors consider the current state of affairs of the Group to be satisfactory.

Dividends

An interim dividend of 2.10p per share was paid in December 2020 (FY 20: 2.10p). The Board is
proposing a final dividend of 4.85p per share (FY 20: nil). Subject to shareholder approval at the
AGM to be held on 23 September 2021, the final dividend will be paid on 30 September 2021
to shareholders whose names are on the register of members at close of business on Friday

17 September 2021.

Information regarding dividend payments can also be found in note 10 to the consolidated
financial statements.

Articles of
Association

Any amendments to the Company’s Articles of Association may be made by special resolution
of the shareholders. A copy of the Articles of Association can be found on the Company’s
website: alphafmc.com/investors/aim-rule-26/

Directors

Directors that have served during the year and summaries of the current Directors’ key skills and
experience are set out in the Corporate Governance report on p. 81.

Jill May was appointed as an independent Non-Executive Director on 1 July 2020. Nick Kent stood
down from the Board on 1 September 2020; he continues to support the Board as an adviser.



===== page 113 =====
ll

Annual Report 2021

Directors’ Indemnity
Provisions

As permitted by the Articles of Association, the Directors have the benefit of an indemnity, which
is a qualifying third party indemnity provision as defined by Section 234 of the Companies Act 2006.
The indemnity was in force throughout the financial period and at the date of approval of the
financial statements.

Directors’ Interests

Details of the Directors’ beneficial interests are set out in the Remuneration Report on p. 107.

Directors’ Liability
Insurance

The Group purchases and maintains directors’ and officers’ liability insurance for the benefit of
its Directors, which was in place throughout the year and remains in place at the date of this report.

Political Donations

The Company made no political donations during the year to 31 March 2021.

Streamlined Energy
and Carbon
Reporting (SECR)

Under the Companies (Directors’ Report) and Limited Liability Partnerships (Energy and Carbon
Report) Regulations 2018, Alpha is mandated to disclose its UK energy use and associated
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. Specifically, and as a minimum, Alpha is required to report those
GHG emissions relating to natural gas, electricity and transport fuel, as well as an intensity ratio,
under the SECR Regulations. Further details can be found in the “environment and sustainability”
section of the Role in Society report on pp 74-77.

Stakeholder
Engagement and
Key Decisions

Details of the key decisions and discussions of the Board during the year and the main stakeholder
inputs into those decisions are set out in the Section 172 statement of the Strategic Report
on p. 37.

Employees Details of how the Group engages with Alpha employees are set out in the Section 172 statement
: the Strategic Report on pp 34-36 and further described in the Role in Society report on
pp 54-59.
Share Capital Details of the issued share capital, together with movements in the Company's issued share capital

during the year, are shown in the consolidated statement of changes in equity and note 20 to
the consolidated financial statements.

The Company's issued share capital as at 31 March 2021 was 106,521,966 ordinary shares of
0.075p each (Ordinary Shares), none of which none were held in treasury and 4,413,628 of which
were held in the Company's employee benefit trust (“EBT”).

Since the year end, the Company allotted 9,569,839 Ordinary Shares in relation to the placing and
subscription announced on 21 May 2021. On 21 June 2021, being the latest date practicable
before the publication of this report, the Company had 116,091,805 Ordinary Shares in issue,

of which none are held in treasury and 4,413,628 are held in the Company's EBT. The total number
of voting rights in the Company was 111,678,177. This is also disclosed in the post balance sheet
events set out in note 26 to the consolidated financial statements.

The Company has only one class of ordinary share, which carries no right to fixed income and
each ordinary share is entitled to one vote at general meetings of the Company.



===== page 114 =====
112

Annual Report 2021

Corporate Governance

Directors’ Report continued

Major Interests
in Shares

As at 31 March 2021, the Company had been notified, in accordance with chapter five of the
Disclosure and Transparency Rules, or was otherwise aware, of the following significant interests
in the issued ordinary share capital of the Company:

Name of person(s) subject of notification Percentage of voting rights and issued share capital
Janus Henderson Investors 8.25
Fidelity International 8.03
M&G Investment Management 6.87
Allianz Global Investors 6.83
Aberdeen Standard Investments 5.70
Nordea Asset Management 5.02
Danske Bank Asset Management 4.94
Gresham House Asset Management 4.53
NFU Mutual 4.04
Invesco 3.29
Royal London Asset Management 3.23

Financial Risk
Management

The Group has established internal control and risk management structures in relation to the
process for preparing the consolidated financial statements. The key features of this framework
are described in the “risk management" section of the Strategic Report on pp 40-44 and in
note 22 to the consolidated financial statements.

Going Concern

The Directors have considered the going concern status of the Company and are satisfied that the
Company remains a going concern. Details of the going concer basis are set out in note 1 to
the consolidated financial statements. Further commentary can be found in the Chief Financial
Officer's Report on pp 122-26.

Disclosure of
Information
to Auditors

In the case of each of the persons who are Directors of the Company at the date when this report

was approved:

* So far as each of the Directors is aware, there is no information relevant to the audit of which
the Company's auditor is unaware; and

* Each of the Directors have taken all the steps that he or she ought to have taken as a Director
to make him or herself aware of any information relevant to the audit and to establish that the
Company's auditor is aware of that information.

Auditor

The auditor, KPMG LLP, has indicated its willingness to continue in office and a resolution seeking
to re-appoint KPMG LLP as the Group's auditor will be proposed at the AGM.

Post Balance
Sheet Events

Post balance sheet events are disclosed in note 26 to the consolidated financial statements.
The reports of the Global Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer also update as
to trading after the balance sheet date.

Annual General
Meeting

The 2021 AGM will be held on Wednesday 23 September 2021. The Notice of Annual General
Meeting, including the resolutions to be proposed, is available on the Company's website
investors.alphafmc.com.



===== page 115 =====
13

Annual Report 2021

Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities

The Directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report
and the Group and parent company financial statements in
accordance with applicable law and regulations.

Company law requires the Directors to prepare Group and
parent company financial statements for each financial year.
Under the AIM Rules of the London Stock Exchange, they are
required to prepare the Group financial statements in accordance
with international accounting standards in conformity with the
requirements of the Companies Act 2006 and applicable law,
and they have elected to prepare the parent company financial
statements on the same basis.

Under company law, the Directors must not approve the
financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a
true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group and parent
company and of the Group's profit or loss for that period. In
preparing each of the Group and parent company financial
statements, the Directors are required to:

* Select suitable accounting policies and then apply
them consistently;

* Make judgements and estimates that are reasonable,
relevant and reliable;

* State whether they have been prepared in accordance with
international accounting standards in conformity with the
requirements of the Companies Act 2006;

* Assess the Group and parent company’s ability to continue
as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters
related to going concern; and

* Use the going concern basis of accounting unless they
either intend to liquidate the Group or the parent company
or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but
to do so.

The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting
records that are sufficient to show and explain the parent
company’s transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy
at any time the financial position of the parent company and
enable them to ensure that its financial statements comply
with the Companies Act 2006. They are responsible for such
internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the
preparation of financial statements that are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have general
responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to
them to safeguard the assets of the Group and to prevent and
detect fraud and other irregularities.

Under applicable law and regulations, the Directors are also
responsible for preparing a Strategic Report and a Directors’
Report that comply with that law and those regulations.

The Directors are responsible for the maintenance and
integrity of the corporate and financial information included on
the company's website. Legislation in the UK governing the
Preparation and dissemination of financial statements may
differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.

By order of the Board.
John Paton

Chief Financial Officer
24 June 2021


===== page 116 =====
114

Annual Report 2021

Corporate Governance

Independent
Auditor's Report

to the members of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ple

1. Our opinion is unmodified

We have audited the financial statements of Alpha Financial
Markets Consulting plc (“the Company”) for the year ended

31 March 2021, which comprise the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income, consolidated statement of financial
position, consolidated statement of cash flows, consolidated
statement of changes in equity, Company statement of financial
Position, Company statement of cash flows, Company statement
of changes in equity, and the related notes, including the
accounting policies in note 1 to the consolidated and Company
financial statements. The financial statements do not include
the Chief Financial Officer's Report.

In our opinion:

* The financial statements give a true and fair view of the
state of the Group's and of the parent Company’s affairs
as at 31 March 2021 and of the Group's profit for the year
then ended;

* The Group financial statements have been properly prepared
in accordance with international accounting standards in
conformity with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006;

* The parent Company financial statements have been properly
prepared in accordance with international accounting
standards in conformity with the requirements of, and as
applied in accordance with the provisions of, the Companies
Act 2006; and

* The financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International
Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)") and applicable law.
Our responsibilities are described below. We have fulfilled our
ethical responsibilities under, and are independent of the Group
in accordance with, UK ethical requirements including the FRC
Ethical Standard as applied to listed entities. We believe that the
audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate
basis for our opinion.

Overview

Materiality:  £0.67m (2020: £0.65m)
Cre 5.0% of Group profit before tax adjusted
state cI for employment-linked and contingent
fatements . 7 7 7
asawhole consideration (2020: 4.8% of Group profit
before tax, adjusted for acquisition costs
and employment-linked consideration)
Coverage 95% (2020: 93%) of Group absolute profit
before tax
Key audit matters vs 2020
Recurring Revenue recognition on contracts in >
risks progress at year end, recognition of
accrued income and recognition of
trade receivables at the year end
Recoverability of parent company’s v

investments in subsidiaries and
receivables due from group entities
(parent company only)

2. Key audit matters: our assessment
of risks of material misstatement

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional
judgement, were of most significance in the audit of the financial
statements and include the most significant assessed risks of
material misstatement (whether or not due to fraud) identified by
us, including those which had the greatest effect on: the overall
audit strategy; the allocation of resources in the audit; and
directing the efforts of the engagement team. These matters
were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon,
and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

In arriving at our audit opinion above, the key audit matters, in
decreasing order of audit significance, were as follows:


===== page 117 =====
ns

Annual Report 2021

The risk response

Revenue recognition on
contracts in progress at
year end, recognition of
accrued income and
recognition of trade

receivables at the year end

(Revenue £98.1m,

2020: £90.9m;

Trade receivables £16.1m,
2020: £18.9m;

Accrued income £0.5m,
2020: £1.3m)

Refer to p. 137 (accounting
policy) and pp 157-160
(financial disclosures).

Inappropriate recognition of revenue on
contracts in progress at year end by
error or fraud, and impact on resulting
accrued income and trade receivables

For the majority of contracts, billing is
‘ona time and materials basis. There is
arisk that revenue transactions around
the year end might be incorrectly
recorded, either in error or fraudulently,
such that it does not reflect hours
worked or the services provided and
in particular that accrued income and
trade receivables recorded at the year
end do not exist

Our procedures included:

* Tests of detail (tracing and vouching): we assessed
the appropriateness of revenue recognised by:

- Selecting a sample of revenue transactions
recognised in March 2021 and vouching to the
invoice and hours recorded on timesheet records
to confirm that the revenue has been recognised

_in the correct financial year.
Selecting a sample of revenue transactions
recognised in the subsequent period and vouching
to the invoice and hours recorded on timesheet
records to confirm that the revenue has been
recognised in the correct financial year.
For milestone contracts, selecting a sample of
revenue transactions recognised in March 2021
and vouching to the invoice and deliverable
specified in the contract to confirm that the
revenue has been recognised in the correct
financial year.
Selecting a sample of items included in accrued
income at 31 March 2021 and vouching: that
amounts accrued agree to hours recorded on
timesheet records that have not been invoiced;
that contracts with the customer are in place for
the work performed; and that amounts accrued
have been invoiced post year end.
Challenging the recoverability of trade receivables
and accrued income as at 31 March 2021 by
reference to a sample of cash receipts after the year
end and assessing the recoverability of any debtor
balances that are overdue at the year end and
have not been recovered at the time of the audit.
We performed the detailed tests above rather than
seeking to rely on any of the Group’s controls because
our knowledge of related IT controls indicated that we
would not be able to obtain the required evidence to
support reliance on controls.
* Assessing transparency: We considered the
adequacy of the Group's disclosures in respect of
revenue, accrued income and trade receivables.

Recoverability of parent
company’s investments in
subsidiaries and
receivables due from
group entities (parent
company only)

(Investment carrying value
£1.3m, 2020: £9.2m;
Receivables due from
Group entities £121.6m,
2020: £110.3m)

Refer to p. 170 (accounting
policy) and pp 171-173
(financial disclosures).

Recoverability of parent company's
investments in subsidiaries and
receivables due from group entities

The carrying amount of the parent
company’s investments in subsidiaries
and of the intra-Group debtor balance
together represents 99% (2020: 100%)
of the parent company’s total assets.
Their recoverability is not at a high risk
of significant misstatement or subject to
significant judgement. However, due to
their materiality in the context of the
parent company financial statements,
this is considered to be the area that
had the greatest effect on our overall
parent company audit.

Our procedures included:

* Test of detail: We assessed the recoverability of
the parent company investments and intra-Group
receivables by comparing the carrying amount of
100% of investments in subsidiaries and 100% of
intra-Group debtors with reference to the relevant
subsidiaries’ draft balance sheets to identify whether
their net assets, being an approximation of their
minimum recoverable amount, were in excess of their
carrying amounts and assessing whether those
subsidiaries have historically been profit-making.

Given there have been no new acquisitions during the current financial year, we have not assessed the accuracy and valuation
of intangible assets acquired, and the accounting for employment-linked consideration on acquisitions as one of the most
significant risks in our current year audit and, therefore, it is not separately identified in our report this year.


===== page 118 =====
116

Annual Report 2021,

Corporate Governance

Independent Auditor's Report continued

3. Our application of materiality and
an overview of the scope of our audit

Materiality for the Group financial statements as a whole was
set at £0.67m (2020: £0.65m), determined with reference to a
benchmark of Group profit before tax adjusted for employment-
linked and contingent consideration (2020: Group profit before
tax adjusted for acquisition costs and employment linked
consideration) (of which it represents 5.0% (2020: 4.8%)).

Materiality for the parent company financial statements as a
whole was set at £0.26m (2020: £0.28m), determined with
reference to a benchmark of Company total assets, of which
it represents 0.2% (2020: Company total assets 0.2%).

In line with our audit methodology, our procedures on individual
account balances and disclosures were performed to a lower
threshold, performance materiality, so as to reduce to an
acceptable level the risk that individually immaterial
misstatements in individual account balances add up toa
material amount across the financial statements as a whole.

Performance materiality was set at 65% (2020: 65%) of materiality
for the financial statements as a whole, which equates to £0.43m_
(2020: £0.42m) for the Group and £0.17m (2020: £0.18m) for
the parent company. We applied this percentage in our
determination of performance materiality based on the level of
identified misstatements and control deficiencies during the
prior period.

We agreed to report to the Audit and Risk Committee any
corrected or uncorrected identified misstatements exceeding
£0.03m (2020: £0.03m), in addition to other identified
misstatements that warranted reporting on qualitative grounds.

Of the Group's 25 (2020: 21) reporting components, we
subjected 4 (2020: 12) to full scope audits for Group purposes
and 6 (2020: 0) to specified risk-focussed audit procedures.
The latter were not individually financially significant enough
to require a full scope audit for Group purposes, but did
present specific individual risks that needed to be addressed.
We subjected 4 components to specified risk-focussed audit
procedures over revenue, debtors and accrued income,

1 component to specified risk-focussed audit procedures over
accruals for employee profit share and associated tax provisions,
and 1 component to specified risk-focussed audit procedures
over the contingent consideration and respective charge.

For the residual 15 components, we performed analysis at
an aggregated Group level to re-examine our assessment
that there were no significant risks of material misstatement
within these.

The component materialities ranged from £0.06m to £0.53m
(2020: £0.004m to £0.52m), and were determined having
regard to the mix of size and risk profile of the Group across
the components.

The work on all of the components (2020: all of the components),
including the audit of the parent company, was performed by
the Group team.

The components within the scope of our work accounted for
the percentages as illustrated opposite:

2021-2020
£m £m
Group profit before tax adjusted for acquisition
costs and employment linked consideration 13.4 137
Group Materiality 0.67 0.65
£0.67m
Whole financial
statements materiality
(2020: £0.65m)
£0.43m
Whole financial

statements performance
materiality (2020: £0.42m)

£0.53m
Range of materiality
at 10 components.
(€60k-£0.53m)
(2020; £4k-£0,52m)
Profit before tax
adjusted for
employment-linked
and contingent
consideration

£0.03m,

Misstatements reported
to the Audit and Risk
Committee

(2020: £0.03m)

@ Group materiality


===== page 119 =====
7

Annual Report 2021

Group
Revenue

90%

(2020: 83%)

@ Full scope for Group
audit purposes 2021

@ Specified risk-focussed
audit procedures 2021

4. Going concern

The Directors have prepared the financial statements on the
going concern basis as they do not intend to liquidate the
Group or the Company or to cease their operations, and as
they have concluded that the Group's and the Company’s
financial position means that this is realistic. They have also
concluded that there are no material uncertainties that could
have cast significant doubt over their ability to continue as a
going concern for at least a year from the date of approval of
the financial statements (the “going concern period”).

We used our knowledge of the Group, its industry, and the
general economic environment to identify the inherent risks to
its business model and analysed how those risks might affect
the Group’s and Company's financial resources or ability to
continue operations over the going concern period. The risks
that we considered most likely to adversely affect the Group's
and Company’s available financial resources and metrics
relevant to debt covenants over this period were:

* The impact of future cash payments in relation to the post
year end acquisition.

We considered whether these risks could plausibly affect the
liquidity or covenant compliance in the going concern period by
assessing the degree of downside assumption that, individually
and collectively, could result in a liquidity issue, taking into
account the Group's current and projected cash and facilities
(a reverse stress test).

We considered whether the going concern disclosure in note 1
to the financial statements gives a full and accurate description
of the Directors’ assessment of going concern, including the
identified risks and dependencies. We assessed the completeness
of the going concern disclosure.

Our conclusions based on this work:
* We consider that the Directors’ use of the going concern

basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial
statements is appropriate;

Group
Absolute Profit before Tax

95%

(2020: 93%)

Group
Total Assets

9A

(2020: 93%)

@ Full scope for Group Residual components

audit purposes 2020

* We have not identified, and concur with the Directors’
assessment that there is not, a material uncertainty related to
events or conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast
significant doubt on the Group's or Company's ability to
continue as a going concern for the going concern period; and

‘* We found the going concern disclosure in note 1 to
be acceptable.

However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions
and as subsequent events may result in outcomes that are
inconsistent with judgements that were reasonable at the time
they were made, the above conclusions are not a guarantee
that the Group or the Company will continue in operation.

5. Fraud and breaches of laws and
regulations - ability to detect

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement
due to fraud

To identify risks of material misstatement due to fraud (‘fraud
risks") we assessed events or conditions that could indicate an
incentive or pressure to commit fraud or provide an opportunity
to commit fraud. Our risk assessment procedures included:

¢ Enquiring of Directors and the Audit and Risk Committee
and inspection of policy documentation as to the Group’s
high-level policies and procedures to prevent and detect
fraud, including the Group’s channel for “whistleblowing”,
as well as whether they have knowledge of any actual,
suspected or alleged fraud.

* Reading Board and Audit and Risk Committee minutes.

* Considering remuneration incentive schemes and
performance targets for management and Directors
including the EPS target for management remuneration.

* Using analytical procedures to identify any unusual or
unexpected relationships.

We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit
team and remained alert to any indications of fraud throughout
the audit.


===== page 120 =====
18

Annual Report 2021

Corporate Governance

Independent Auditor's Report continued

AS required by auditing standards, aid lakiniy ivity account
possible pressures to meet profit targets and our overall
knowledge of the control environment, we perform procedures
to address the risk of management override of controls and
the risk of fraudulent revenue recognition, in particular the risk
that revenue is recorded in the wrong period and the risk that
Group management may be in a position to make inappropriate
accounting entries, and the risk of bias in accounting estimates
and judgements such as employment-linked acquisition payments,
share-based payments, acquisition earn-outs and goodwill
impairment. Further detail in respect of revenue recognition is set
out in the key audit matter disclosures in section 2 of this report.

We also performed procedures including:

* Identifying journat entries and other adjustments to test for
all full scope components based on risk criteria and comparing
the identified entries to supporting documentation. These
included unusual pairings with a credit or debit to an account
below EBITDA and unusual journals with a credit or debit to
entry to cash;

* Identifying revenue transactions to test for all full scope
components based on unusual pairings with a credit or
debit to revenue; and

* Assessing significant accounting estimates for bias.

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement
due to non-compliance with laws and regulations

We identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably
be expected to have a material effect on the financial statements
from our general commercial and sector experience, and
through discussion with the Directors and other management
(as required by auditing standards), and from inspection of the
Group's legal correspondence, and discussed with the
Directors and other management the policies and procedures
regarding compliance with laws and regulations.

We communicated identified laws and regulations throughout our
team and remained alert to any indications of non-compliance
throughout the audit.

The potential effect of these laws and regulations on the
financial statements varies considerably.

Firstly, the Group is subject to laws and regulations that directly
affect the financial statements including financial reporting
legislation (including related companies legislation), distributable
profits legislation and taxation legislation, and we assessed
the extent of compliance with these laws and regulations as
part of our procedures on the related financial statement items.

Secondly, the Group is subject to many other laws and regulations
where the consequences of non-compliance could have a
material effect on amounts or disclosures in the financial
statements, for instance through the imposition of fines or
litigation. We identified the following areas as those most likely
to have such an effect: anti-bribery and employment law
recognising the financial nature of the Group's activities.
Auditing standards limit the required audit procedures to identify
non-compliance with these laws and regulations to enquiry of
the Directors and other management and inspection of regulatory
and legal correspondence, if any. Therefore, if a breach of
operational regulations is not disclosed to us or evident from
relevant correspondence, an audit will not detect that breach.

Context of the ability of the audit to detect fraud or breaches
of law or regulation

Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an
unavoidable risk that we may not have detected some material
misstatements in the financial statements, even though we
have properly planned and performed our audit in accordance
with auditing standards. For example, the further removed
non-compliance with laws and regulations is from the events
and transactions reflected in the financial statements, the less
likely the inherently limited procedures required by auditing
standards would identify it.

In addition, as with any audit, there remained a higher risk of
non-detection of fraud, as these may involve collusion, forgery,
intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
internal controls. Our audit procedures are designed to detect
material misstatement. We are not responsible for preventing
non-compliance or fraud and cannot be expected to detect
non-compliance with all taws and regulations.


===== page 121 =====
19

Annual Report 2021

6. We have nothing to report on the other
information in the Annual Report

The Directors are responsible for the other information presented
in the Annual Report together with the financial statements. Our
opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other
information and, accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion
or, except as explicitly stated below, any form of assurance
conclusion thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing
so, consider whether, based on our financial statements audit
work, the information therein is materially misstated or
inconsistent with the financial statements or our audit knowledge.
Based solely on that work we have not identified material
misstatements in the other information.

Strategic Report and Directors’ Report
Based solely on our work on the other information:

* We have not identified material misstatements in the Strategic
Report and the Directors’ Report;

* In our opinion the information given in those reports for the
financial year is consistent with the financial statements; and

Inour opinion those reports have been prepared in accordance
with the Companies Act 2006.

7. We have nothing to report on the
other matters on which we are
required to report by exception

Under the Companies Act 2006, we are required to report to
you if, in our opinion:

* Adequate accounting records have not been kept by the
parent Company, or returns adequate for our audit have not
been received from branches not visited by us; or

* The parent company financial statements are not in
agreement with the accounting records and returns; or

* Certain disclosures of Directors’ remuneration specified by
law are not made; or

*¢ We have not received all the information and explanations
we require for our audit.

We have nothing to report in these respects.

8. Respective responsibilities

Directors’ responsibilities
As explained more fully in their statement set out on p. 113,
the Directors are responsible for: the preparation of the financial

_ Statements including being satisfied that they give a true and

fair view; such internal control as they determine is necessary
to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error;
assessing the Group and parent company’s ability to continue
as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to
going concern; and using the going concern basis of accounting
unless they either intend to liquidate the Group or the parent
company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative
but to do so.

Auditor's responsibilities

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements as a whole are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue our
opinion in an auditor's report. Reasonable assurance is a high
level of assurance, but does not guarantee that an audit
conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a
material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or
in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence
the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the
financial statements.

A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the
FRC's website at www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities.

9. The purpose of our audit work and to
whom we owe our responsibilities

This report is made solely to the Company's members, as a body,
in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act
2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might
state to the Company’s members those matters we are required
to state to them in an auditor's report and for no other purpose.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or
assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and
the Company's members, as a body, for our audit work, for
this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Craig Parkin

(Senior Statutory Auditor)

for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
Chartered Accountants

St Nicholas House

31 Park Row

Nottingham

NG1 6FQ

24 June 2021


===== page 122 =====
Financial Statements

122

Chief Financial Officer’s Report

127

Consolidated statement of comprehensive income

128

Consolidated statement of financial position

129

Consolidated statement of cash flows

130

Consolidated statement of changes in equity

131

Notes to the consolidated financial statements

167

Company statement of financial position

168

Company statement of cash flows

169

Company statement of changes in equity

170

Notes to the Company financial statements

176

SASB Disclosure

The power of
our people to
create value



===== page 123 =====


===== page 124 =====
122

Annual Report 2021

Chief Financial
Officer's Report

Alpha demonstrated resilience in FY 21. The Group grew net
fee income 10.2% and adjusted EPS 4.9%, with good growth
across all geographic regions despite the macro backdrop.
Another year of strong cash generation helped to maintain
a robust balance sheet. The Group finished the year well

positioned to achieve its future growth ambitions, further
enhanced by the Lionpoint acquisition after the year end.

IFRS and Alternative
Performance Measures
(“APMs")

A range of results metrics are set out to
demonstrate Alpha’s performance. These
include standard generally accepted
accounting definitions and alternative

John Paton performance measures (“APMs"), which are
Chief Financial Officer provided to allow further understanding of
24 June 2021 the underlying operating performance of the

Group across financial periods. The difference
between standard and alternative performance
measures arises from the adjusting items, set

“The Group successfully navigated out in note 4 to the consolidated financial

‘ ity. deliveri statements. The total cost of these adjusting
recent macro uncertainty, delivering items has increased in the year, reflecting an

further growth in FY 21. We are increase in the Group's share-based payments
charge and acquisition-related fair value
accounting, which the Board considers to

delighted to welcome the Lionpoint
team into the Group in May and look be non-underlying in nature. Note 4 sets out

a description of these APMs and a full

forward to continuing to progress: reconciliation to relevant IFRS measures.



===== page 125 =====
123

Annual Report 2021

42monthsto 12 months to Change
31 March 202131 March 2020 %
Revenue £98.1m £90.9m, 7.9%
Net fee income £98.0m £88.9m 10.2%
Gross profit £34.8m £34.4m 1.2%
Operating profit £10.2m £10.4m (2.4%)
Adjusted EBITDA £21.7m £20.2m 7.2%
Adjusted EBITDA margin 22.2% 22.8% (2.7%)
Adjusted profit before tax £19.6m £18.6m 5.3%
Profit before tax £9.0m £9.3m (3.5%)
Adjusted earnings per share 14.91p 14.21p 49%
Adjusted diluted earnings per share 14.26p 13.62p 47%
Basic earnings per share 5.75p 6.A1p (6.9%)

Group Results

lam very pleased to report that Alpha has delivered another year
of good growth, demonstrating the resilience of Alpha’s quality
proposition, against a backdrop of global macro uncertainty.

The Group has successfully traded through the COVID-19
restrictions and related social distancing measures this year, with
our consulting teams continuing to deliver high-quality client
service whilst remote working. The Group continued to make
progress and to deliver good levels of new business wins across
its geographies, ending the year with strong momentum.

Revenue

The Group was very pleased with net fee income performance of
10.2% growth in the year, including 8.0% organic contribution.
Revenue grew 7.9%, including reduced rechargeable client
expenses compared to the prior year.

Revenue and net fee income grew in all geographic regions,
reflecting both average consultant headcount growth globally
and utilisation averaging slightly ahead of target levels, the prior
year and the first half, alongside broadly resilient consultant
fee rates overall.

Alpha Europe & Asia delivered the Group's strongest regional
growth with net fee income up 16.9% and, on an organic basis,
the region reported 14.3% growth. Growth was delivered across
the region with the European team well deployed, complemented
by the increased contribution from Axxsys Europe and the
strongest growth enjoyed in Asia.

Alpha North America delivered another period of strong regional
growth with net fee income up 14.4% (16.9% on a constant

currency basis) almost entirely organically. The North America

* Please see note 4 for further detail on organic net fee income growth.

business continues to expand its domestic client base, including
several longer duration projects, successfully deploying its
growing consultant team at Group target utilisation levels
across the year.

The UK business, Alpha’s largest geographic region, grew net
fee income 5.7% overall and 3.4% organically. The UK benefitted
from strong contributions from our M&A Integration and
Distribution practices and a good contribution from Axxsys UK
in the year. The more recently established Pensions & Retail
Investments business also performed strongly. Within the UK
results, Alpha’s Data Solutions business was most affected in the
year by COVID-19, with a longer sales cycle being experienced
for its speciality software products, though it maintains a good
sales pipeline and outlook.

Alpha continues to support clients in some of the largest, most
challenging and interesting projects across the industry. Alpha’s
revenue is driven by continuing strong demand in its established
practices, as well as progress in newer areas. Alpha’s Pensions
& Retail Investments and ESG & Responsible Investment
offerings, launched in September 2019 and October 2020
respectively, made strong progress in the year by winning a
number of projects both with existing and new client relationships.

Alpha’s growth was supported by further investment in global
consultant headcount. The number of consultants (including
contractors) reached 448 by the year end (FY 20: 436), with
Alpha North America adding the most to its team overall, while
a selective recruitment policy was adopted to best navigate
the more uncertain environment during the first part of FY 21.


===== page 126 =====
124

Annual Report 2021

Chief Financial Officer’s Report continued

Group Profitability

Group gross profit was £34.8m (FY 20: £34.4m), reflecting revenue
growth, alongside continued investment in our people and the
business and a resilient fee rate performance in a competitive
market. Investment in the team included an increase in average
team headcount, promotion-related pay increases and accrued
profit share bonuses, alongside the accrual for the full repayment
of the director salary sacrifices that were made in the first half.
UK and North America gross margin movements reflect these
effects, with Europe & Asia margin improving on last year through
an offsetting comparable increase in team utilisation. We believe
that the impact on Group gross margin in the year is temporary
and that gross margin will improve as the market normalises.

Adjusted administrative expenses, before charging the adjusting
items detailed in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements,
reduced 7.3% to £13.1m (FY 20: £14.2m), reflecting lower levels
of discretionary spend largely due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
This was partly offset by an increase in Group management team
resource, higher PLC and professional fee spend and increased
technology security and infrastructure expense, as the Group
continues to grow. Statutory administrative costs increased
2.8% overall, principally reflecting increased acquisition-related
and share-based payment costs, as set out in note 4 and below.

Adjusted EBITDA grew 7.2% to £21.7m (FY 20: £20.2m) resulting
from the resilient rates performance, consistent gross profit and
reduced adjusted administrative expenses in the year. Adjusted
EBITDA margin eased to 22.2% (FY 20: 22.8%), while improving
sequentially in the second half to 23.0% from 21.3% in H1 21,
supported by trading momentum and these lower adjusted
administration expenses. Adjusted profit before tax increased by
5.3% to £19.6m (FY 20: £18.6m), including higher capitalised
development cost amortisation and increased underlying
financing costs, arising from the Group's precautionary drawing
of its revolving credit facility in the early months of the
COVID-19 pandemic.

Group operating profit was £10.2m (FY 20: £10.4m) after charging
all costs, including the adjusting items. These cost adjustments,
detailed in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements,
increased to £9.8m (FY 20: £8.4m) principally due to increased
acquisition-related and share-based payment costs. The fair
value of the Axxsys acquisition earn-out liability increased due
to Axxsys's strong performance in the year. This resulted in a
one-off charge, which lifts the earn-out to its maximum pay-out
level. This charge is also supplemented by a full-year impact

of employment-linked earn-out charges relating to acquisitions
made during the prior year. The share-based payment charge,
including relevant social security costs, increased in the current
year, reflecting new awards granted, updated valuation
assumptions and a higher closing share price. These increases.
in adjusting items were offset by lower acquisition and integration
costs compared to the prior year. Further details are set out in
notes 4 and 21. Similarly, profit before tax reduced to £9.0m
(FY 20: 9.3m) after charging these increased adjusting item
costs, increased depreciation and increased finance expenses.

Currency

Currency translation had a minimal impact on both Group net
fee income and profits in FY 21. Sterling strengthened through
the period against the US Dollar and translation was offset by
Sterling weakening against the Euro. In the year, Sterling averaged
$1.31 (FY 20: $1.28) and €1.12 (FY 20: €1.15). Currency
translation immaterially increased FY 21 Group net fee income
by £0.2m (0.2%), albeit the individual geographic regional results
were more affected. On a constant currency basis, North America
net fee income growth would increase to 16.9% and Europe &
Asia would report 14.5% total net fee income growth.

Net Finance Expense

Net finance costs increased in the year to £1.2m (FY 20: £1.1m),
arising from increased revolving credit facility (“RCF") charges,
owing to the Group’s precautionary drawing of the facility in the
first half. This was offset by a reduction in the annual unwinding
of the discount applied to deferred and earn-out consideration
due on recent acquisitions, following deferred consideration
payments made in the year.

Taxation

Pre-tax profit, after non-operating adjusting items, was £9.0m
(FY 20: £9.3m). The Group's tax charge remained consistent for
the year at £3.1m (FY 20: £3.1m), reflecting the lower taxable
profit, utilisation of certain Group reliefs, partially offset by
disallowable expense items and an increase in the blended tax
rate of the jurisdictions in which the Group operates. The Group's
cash tax payment in the year was £5.7m (FY 20: £2.4m) as
certain COVID-related deferrals from FY 20 were also repaid in
full in the year.


===== page 127 =====
125

Annual Report 2021

For further taxation details, see notes 8 and 9 to the consolidated
financial statements. Adjusted profit after tax is shown after
adjustments for the applicable tax rates on adjusting items as
set out in note 4,

Acquisition Activity

Since the acquisitions of Axxsys and Obsidian in the prior year,
the Group has focussed on the successful integration of their
product and service offerings and their teams into the Alpha
Group, and has begun to bring the benefits of these acquisitions
to the client base.

Axxsys has integrated into the Group well and grown since
acquisition, particularly in further expanding the team to take
advantage of opportunities across Europe. Since acquiring
Obsidian within ADS, the Obsidian technology integration work
to align technology protocols with the ADS 360 SalesVista product
set was completed early in the first half of the year, with the
combined ADS Obsidian product now successfully implemented
for several Alpha clients. These one-off integration costs
completed in early FY 21 and totalled £0.1m in the year.

After the year end, on 20 May 2021, the Group announced the
acquisition of Lionpoint for a maximum payable amount of $90.0m.
Lionpoint represents a highly complementary business within
the alternatives investments segment and provides an attractive
opportunity to expand the range of services provided to the
combined client base. Please refer to note 26 for further detail.

Earnings per Share

Adjusted earnings per share (“EPS”) improved 4.9% to 14.91p
per share (FY 20: 14.21p) and, after including the adjusting
expense items, the basic EPS is 5.75p per share (FY 20:
6.11p). Adjusted diluted EPS increased 4.7% to 14.26p (FY
20: 13.62p). As at 31 March 2021, 7,613,969 share options
remained outstanding, with 1,818,562 share options having
vested during the year.

Cash Flow and Net Funds

The Group enjoyed strong cash generation with net cash generated
from operating activities rising to £21.0m (FY 20: £18.2m) and,
after adjusting for employment-linked acquisition payments, to
£22.3m (FY 20: £19.9m). This represents a 111% adjusted
cash conversion rate from adjusted operating profit and
improves on FY 20's 106% adjusted cash conversion rate,
through an ongoing focus on working capital and on internal
process rigour around timely debtor collection.

The Group's income tax paid totalled £5.7m (FY 20: £2.4m).
A total of £4.0m acquisition payments were paid during the
year in relation to Axxsys, Obsidian and TrackTwo deferred
considerations, £1.2m of which was employment-linked.
Capitalised development expenditure reduced from last year
following completion of the initial investment programme in
the ADS product suite.

Net interest paid was £0.5m (FY 20: £0.1m), reflecting the cost
of maintaining and, in the first half, drawing the Group's RCF,
less the benefit of holding net cash balances through the year.
At the year end, the Group's cash position had improved to
£34.0m net cash (FY 20: £26.0m), having repaid the drawn
down RCF in full during the year.

As previously reported, the Group renewed and extended its
committed RCF with Lloyds Banking Group in June 2020 into
a £20.0m committed facility. This facility is undrawn and,
alongside cash balances, ensures Group funding flexibility.
Further details are set out in note 6.

Statement of Financial Position

The Group continues to maintain a strong financial position. The
Group's non-current assets movement is driven by intangible
assets, which continue to amortise, with no new additions in
the year. A key change to the Group's statement of financial
position relates to the recognition in the year of £0.3m capitalised
implementation costs arising from ADS software implementations,
in which certain client contracts extend over a period of greater
than one year. Expenditure incurred ahead of the satisfaction of
the relevant contractual performance obligations is capitalised
and amortised across the expected life of the contract. See
note 15 for further detail.

Trade and other receivables balances decreased in FY 21,
principally from continued improvement in debtor collections
during the year, The Group ended the year with £34.0m of
cash, having also repaid the £5.0m drawings on the RCF
facility in the year.

Trade and other payables balances increased, representing an
increased level of accruals, including the directors’ salary
sacrifices, which were fully accrued for repayment after the year
end and higher profit share accruals owing to the enlarged team
size and good performance. Total acquisition related deferred
consideration and earn-out liabilities have also increased slightly,
as disclosed in note 13, which relates to the increase in the
fair value of the Axxsys earn-out liability and employment-
linked consideration, and the unwinding of discounting, offset
by deferred consideration payments made during the year.


===== page 128 =====
126

Annual Report 2021

Chief Financial Officer's Report continued

As noted, after the year end, the Group acquired the Lionpoint
Group. The initial cash payments on completion totalled £24,5m,
with cash balances replenished with an equity placing raising
£31.1m, before expenses, from the Group's supportive
shareholder base. The Group continues to maintain a strong
balance sheet.

Dividends

The Board was delighted to reinstate the interim dividend at the
half year. In view of Alpha’s performance through the past year
and its strong cash position at the year end, the Board is
recommending a final dividend of 4.85p per share (FY 20: nil),
bringing the total for the year to 6.95p (FY 20: 2.10p), in line with
the Group's policy to pay out approximately 50% of adjusted
profit after tax.

Total Shareholders’ Funds

Total shareholders’ funds increased to £94.4m (March 2020:
£91.4m). The changes in equity reserves reflect the retained
profit after tax for the year, currency movements on overseas
asset and goodwill values, the addition of further share-based
Payment reserves and the payment of dividends. As at 31 March
2021, the Company had 106,521,966 ordinary shares in issue,
of which no shares were held in treasury and 4,413,628 shares
were held in the Company's employee benefit trust ("EBT") to
satisfy future option vesting.

Risk Management and the Year Ahead

The Group's risk management approach includes regular
monitoring of macro-economic and end-market conditions
and assessing the potential impacts across all business areas.
In the risk management framework, which has been reviewed
during the year, the executive team, including me as Chief
Financial Officer and the Global Chief Executive Officer, has
primary responsibility for keeping abreast of developments that
may affect the implementation of the Group's strategy and
financial performance. This entails identifying the appropriate
mitigating actions that should be taken and ensuring, as far as

possible, that those actions are then executed by the senior
management team. The Board as a whole oversees risk and,
within that framework, considers the material risks that the
Group faces and agrees on the principal risks and uncertainties.
Alpha has a set of core company values, which are embedded
globally, that reflect the Group's ethical and responsible
approach to operating and managing the business.

In the early months of the financial year, Alpha took several early
decisive steps in response to the pandemic, implementing
protective measures in March to reduce costs and maintain
liquidity. All of these measures have now been reversed, with full
FY 20 profit share payments made to the team in November
2020, and full director salaries reinstated for the Board, senior
leadership and broader director team, and salary sacrifices
repaid after the year end, in response to the resilience and
performance demonstrated by the Group in the period.

Alpha will continue to monitor the COVIO-19 situation closely and
will act sensitively and appropriately in managing the Group in
the interests of all stakeholders. The formal departure of the UK
from the European Union at the end of 2020 had no noticeable
effect on the Group and any further developments will continue
to be monitored.

The Board has considered all of the above factors in its review
of going concern and has been able to conclude the review
positively. While cognisant of potential macro-economic risks
and the competitive environment, the Group's people, investment
in product and service offerings and increasing international
footprint help position Alpha for the year ahead. Alpha has
delivered an exceptionally resilient year, demonstrating good
revenue and adjusted EBITDA growth, while maintaining a
strong pipeline and set of capabilities to take advantage of
future opportunities.

The Group finished the year well positioned to achieve our
future growth aspirations, further enhanced by the subsequent
acquisition of Lionpoint. We look forward to further progress.


===== page 129 =====
127

Annual Report 2021

Consolidated statement

of comprehensive income
For the year ended 31 March 2021

Year ended Year ended
31 March 2021 31 March 2020
Note £000 £'000
Continuing operations
Revenue 2 98,066 90,901
Rechargeable expenses 2 (112) (1,977)
Net fee income 2 97,954 88,924
Cost of sales 2 (63,130) (84,521)
Gross profit 2 34,824 34,403
Administration expenses (24,648) (23,977)
Operating profit 3 10,176 10,426
Depreciation 7,14 1,085 1,022
Amortisation of capitalised development costs 12 613 428
Adjusting items 4 9,833 8,372
Adjusted EBITDA 4 21,707 20,248
Finance income 6 - 1
Finance expense 6 (1,207) (1,133)
Profit before tax 8,969 9,294
Taxation 8 (3,142) (3,127)
Profit for the year 5,827 6,167
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (3,104) 1,311
Total comprehensive income for the year 2,723 7,478
Basic earnings per ordinary share (p) an) 5.75 611
Diluted earnings per ordinary share (p) all 5.50 5.85



===== page 130 =====
128

Annual Report 2021

Consolidated statement

of financial position
As at 31 March 2021

‘Asat Restated as at
31 March 202131 March 2020
Note £000 £000
Assets
Non-current assets
Goodwill 12 63,067 64,642
Intangible fixed assets 12 21,648 25,774
Property, plant and equipment 14 415 530
Right-of-use asset 7 1,816 2,611
Capitalised implementation costs 154 =
Total non-current assets 87,100 93,557
Current assets
Trade and other receivables 15 17,938 21,212
Cash and cash equivalents 16 34,012 25,996
Total current assets 51,950 47,208
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables 7 (27,241) (26,018)
Corporation tax (1,792) (4,150)
Lease liabilities 7 (614) (791)
Interest bearing loans and borrowings 19 - (5,000)
Total current liabilities (29,547) (35,959)
Net current assets 22,403 41,249
Non-current liabilities
Deferred tax provision 9 (3,022) (4,438)
Other non-current liabilities 18 (10,737) (7,104)
Lease liabilities 7 (1,379) (1,878)
Total non-current liabilities (15,138) (13,420)
Net assets 94,365 91,386
Equity
Issued share capital 20 80 78
Share premium 89,396 89,396
Capital redemption reserve - -
Foreign exchange reserve 302 3,406
Other reserves 4,044 1,652
Retained earnings 543 (3,146)
Total shareholders’ equity 94,365 91,386

The notes on pp 131-66 form part of these consolidated financial statements. These financial statements were approved and

authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 24 June 2021.

Euan NB Fraser
Global Chief Executive Officer

John C Paton
Chief Financial Officer

* For further information on prior period restatements, please refer to the “IFRS 3 adjustment in respect of prior year acquisition” section of note 1


===== page 131 =====
129

Annual Report 2021

Consolidated statement

of cash flows
For the year ended 31 March 2021

Year ended Year ended
31 March 2021 31 March 2020
Note £000 £000
Cash flows from operating activities:
Operating profit for the year 10,176 10,426
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 7,14 1,085, 1,022
Loss on disposal of fixed assets 13 an
Amortisation of intangible fixed assets 12 4130 3,804
Share-based payment charge 21 1,693 917
Operating cash flows before movements in working capital 17,097 16,180
Working capital adjustments:
Decrease in trade and other receivables 3,221 30
Increase in trade and other payables 6,424 4,444
Tax paid (5,707) (2,446)
Net cash generated from operating activities 21,035 18,208.
Cash flows from investing activities:
Interest received - 1
Acauisition of subsidiaries, net of acquired cash (2,752) (7,339)
Capitalised development costs 12 - (1,387)
Purchase of property, plant and equipment, net of disposals (151) (349)
Net cash used in investing activities (2,903) (9,074)
Cash flows from financing activities:
Issue of ordinary share capital - (1)
(Repayment)/drawdown of bank borrowings 19 (5,000) 5,000
Interest and bank loan fees (486) (47)
Principal lease liability payments. (809) (706)
Interest on lease liabilities 7 (102) (129)
Dividends paid 10 (2,136) (6,256)
Net cash used in financing activities (8,533) (2,139)
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 9,599 6,995,
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period 25,996 18,581
Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash held (1,583) 420
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period 34,012 25,996



===== page 132 =====
130

Annual Report 2021

Consolidated statement

of changes in equity
For the year ended 31 March 2021

Capital Foreign
Share Share redemption exchange Other Retained
Capital premium reserve reserve reserves earnings Total
£000 £000 £000 £7000 £000 £'000 £000

As at 1 April 2019 76 89,396 1 2,095 737 (3,056) 89,249
Comprehensive income
Profit for the year - 7 - - - 6,167 6,167
Foreign exchange differences on
translation of foreign operations - - - 4,311 - - 1,311
Transactions with owners
Shares issued (equity) 2 - (1) - - (1) -
Share-based payment charge - - - - 917 - 917
Deferred tax recognised in equity - - ~ - Q) - 2)
Dividends - bal - - - (6,256) (6,256)
As at 31 March 2020 78 89,396 = 3,406 1,652 (3,146) 91,386
Comprehensive income
Profit for the year - Sal - - - 5,827 5,827
Foreign exchange differences on
translation of foreign operations - - - (3,104) - - (3,104)
Transactions with owners
Shares issued (equity) 2 - - - - 2 -
Share-based payment charge - 7 - - 1,693 - 1,693
Net settlement of vested share options - 7 - = (100) - (100)
Current tax recognised in equity - - - - 374 - 374
Deferred tax recognised in equity - = - - 425 - 425
Dividends - = - - - (2,136) (2,136)
As at 31 March 2021 80 89,396 - 302 4,044 543. 94,365
Share capital Foreign exchange reserve

Share capital represents the nominal value of share
capital subscribed.

Share premium

The share premium account is used to record the aggregate
amount or value of premiums paid when the Company's shares
are issued at a premium, net of associated share issue costs.

Capital redemption reserve

The capital redemption reserve is a non-distributable reserve
into which amounts are transferred following the redemption
or purchase of the Company’s own shares.

The foreign exchange reserve represents exchange differences
that arise on consolidation from the translation of the financial
statements of foreign subsidiaries, including goodwill.

Other reserves

The other reserves represent the cumulative fair value of the
IFRS 2 share-based payment charge to be recognised each
year and equity-settled consideration reserves.

Retained earnings

The retained earnings reserve represents cumulative net gains
and losses recognised in the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income.


===== page 133 =====
131

Annual Report 2021

Notes to the consolidated
financial statements

1. Basis of preparation and significant accounting policies

General information

The principal activity of the Group is the provision of consulting
and related services to clients in the asset management, wealth
management and insurance industries, principally in the UK,
North America, Europe and Asia.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc is incorporated in England
and Wales with registered number 09965297. The Company is
a public limited company, is listed on the AIM of the London
Stock Exchange and its registered office is 60 Gresham Street,
London, EC2V 7BB.

The consolidated financial statements were authorised for issue
in accordance with a resolution of the Directors on 24 June 2021.

Basis of preparation

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with international accounting standards in conformity
with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

These financial statements have been prepared under the
historical cost basis, except for certain financial instruments
that are measured at fair value.

The presentational currency of these financial statements and
the functional currency of the Group is Pounds Sterling. All
amounts in these financial statements have been rounded to
the nearest £1,000.

Going concern

In assessing the Group's and the Company's abilities to continue
on a going concern basis for a period of at least 12 months from
the approval of these financial statements (the “going concern
period”), the Directors considered the Group's projected cash
flows, cash liquidity and existing borrowing facilities.

As at 31 March 2021, the Group held considerable financial
resources including cash balances of £34.0m. The Group also
has access, throughout the going concern period, to a revolving
credit facitity (“RCF”) of £20.0m, which remains undrawn at
the date of approval of these financial statements, providing
further liquidity. See note 6 for details of the Group’s banking
facility and also note 22 for details of the financial risks facing
the Group.

Subsequent to the year end, in May 2021, the Group announced
the acquisition of Lionpoint Holdings, Inc. alongside a share
placing. The £31.1m gross proceeds of the share placing
exceeded the initial $34.5m (£24.5m) acquisition consideration
paid on completion. As a result, the Group added to its cash
resources and retains a strong liquidity position following the
acquisition. Refer to note 26 for further detail.

The Group prepared cash-flow forecasts covering the going
concern period. The base case assumes trading performance
over the forecast period in line with average revenue growth in
recent years at similar margins, and additionally incorporates
future cash flows related to the newly acquired Lionpoint
business, including expected payments of deferred and
earn-out considerations. The Directors considered the principal
risks and mitigants (as set out on pp 46-50) and analysed a
range of cash-flow downside scenarios including a “severe but
plausible” downside scenario reducing revenue by 20 per cent
compared to the base case, while assuming the maximum
Lionpoint acquisition payments. The Directors considered this
appropriate, noting the Group's continued growth and strong
cash conversion and the Group’s new business pipeline, while
also remaining cognisant of the residual uncertainty in the
macro-economic environment arising from the ongoing COVID-19
pandemic. The “severe but plausible” downside scenario does
not require the drawdown of the Group's RCF. After careful
consideration of these downside scenarios, the Directors are
satisfied that the Group's existing resources are adequate to
meet its requirements over the going concern period.

Consequently, the Directors have a reasonable expectation that
the Group and Company will have sufficient funds to continue
to meet their liabilities as they fall due for a period of at least
12 months from the approval of these financial statements. On
this basis, the Directors consider that it is appropriate to adopt
the going concern basis in preparing the financial statements.

Basis of consolidation

These financial statements consolidate the financial
statements of the Company and its subsidiary undertakings as
at 31 March 2021.


===== page 134 =====
132

Annual Report 2021

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

1. Basis of preparation and significant accounting poli

Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date of acquisition,
being the date on which the Group obtains control, and continue
to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases. The
financial statements of subsidiaries are prepared for the same
reporting period as the parent company, using consistent
accounting policies.

All intra-Group balances, income and expenses and unrealised
gains and losses resulting from intra-Group transactions are
eliminated in full.

Principal accounting policies
The principal accounting policies adopted in the preparation
of these consolidated financial statements are set out below:

Significant judgements and estimates

The preparation of financial information in accordance with IFRS.
requires management to make judgements, estimates and
assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies
and reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses.

In the process of applying the Group's accounting policies, the
Directors have made one judgement (excluding those involving
estimations), which is considered to have a significant effect
on the amounts recognised in the financial statements for the
period ending 31 March 2021.

Employment-linked acquisition payments (note 13)

The contingent and non-contingent consideration related to
previous acquisitions are part linked to the ongoing employment
of certain of the management vendors and judgement has been
applied in determining whether any future payments should be
classified as consideration or as remuneration for future services.
This apportionment in the financial statements is based on the
interpretation of multiple complex clauses within the share
purchase agreement (“SPA”) of the relevant acquisition.

A number of estimates have been made in the preparation
of the financial information. The assumptions underlying the
Group's estimates are based on historical experience and
various other factors that are deemed to be reasonable under
the circumstances. These assumptions form the basis of
developing estimates of the carrying values of assets and
liabilities that are not apparent from other sources. Estimates
and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing
basis. Revisions to estimates are recognised in the year in
which the estimate is revised and any future years affected.
Actual results can differ from these estimates.

The Directors have identified the following areas as key estimates
that are considered to have a significant risk of resulting in a
material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets or
liabilities within the next financial year.

ies continued

Share-based payments (note 21)

Management has estimated the share-based payments expense
under IFRS 2. In determining the fair value of share-based
payments, management has considered several internal and
external factors in order to judge the probability that management
and employee share incentives may vest and to assess the fair
value of share options at the date of grant. Such assumptions
involve estimating a number of future performance and other
factors. The fair value calculations have been externally
assessed for reasonableness in the current and prior period.

Acquisition earn-outs (note 13)

The Obsidian and Axxsys earn-out expense calculations under
IFRS 3 contain estimation uncertainty, as the earn-out potentially
payable in each case is linked to the future performance of the
acquiree. In order to determine the fair value of the earn-out at
the acquisition date, management has assessed the potential
future cash flows of the Axxsys and Obsidian businesses
respectively, the likelihood of an earn-out payment being made
and discounted using an appropriate discount rate. These
estimates are also affected by residual market uncertainty due
to the current COVID-19 environment and could potentially
change as a result of related events over the coming years.
Refer to note 22 for sensitivity analysis.

Property, plant and equipment

All property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost
(or deemed historical cost) less accumulated depreciation.
Cost includes the original purchase price of the asset and the
costs attributable to bringing the asset to its working condition
for its intended use.

Depreciation is provided on all property, plant and equipment
at rates calculated to write each asset down to its estimated
residual value on a straight-line basis at the following annual rates:

Tangible fixed asset Useful economic life

Leasehold improvements 3-10 years
Fixtures and fittings years
Computer equipment 3-6 years

Useful economic lives and estimated residual values are
reviewed annually and adjusted as appropriate.

Business combinations, goodwill and consideration
Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition
method as at the acquisition date, which is the date on which
control is transferred to the Group. Identifiable assets acquired
and liabilities assumed in a business combination are
measured at their fair values at the acquisition date.


===== page 135 =====
133

Annual Report 2021

Goodwill arises when the fair value of the consideration for a
business exceeds the fair value of the net assets acquired.

In determining the fair value of intangible assets arising on
business combination, management is required to make
judgements regarding the timing and amount of future cash
flows applicable to the intangible assets being acquired,
discounted using an appropriate discount rate. Such judgements
are based on current budgets and forecasts, extrapolated for
an appropriate period, taking into account growth rates and
expected changes to selling prices and operating costs.
Management estimates an appropriate discount rate using
pre-tax rates that reflect current market assessments of the
time value of money and the risks specific to the businesses
being acquired (see note 12).

Goodwill is initially recognised and measured as set out above.
Goodwill is not amortised but is reviewed for impairment at
least annually as described below.

Impairment reviews - goodwill

For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to
each of the Group's cash-generating units (“CGUs") expected
to benefit from the synergies of the combination. CGUs to
which goodwill has been allocated are tested for impairment
annually or, more frequently, when there is an indication that
the unit may be impaired.

The Group performs impairment reviews at the reporting period
end to identify any goodwill or intangible assets that have a
carrying value that is in excess of its recoverable amount.
Determining the recoverability of goodwill and intangible assets
requires judgement in both the methodology applied and the
key variables within that methodology. Where it is determined
that an asset is impaired, the carrying value of the asset will
be reduced to its recoverable amount with the difference
recorded as an impairment charge in the income statement.
An impairment loss recognised for goodwill is not reversed.

In accordance with IAS 36, the Group has tested goodwill for
impairment at the balance sheet date. No goodwill impairment
was deemed necessary at 31 March 2021.

Contingent and non-contingent deferred consideration

on acquisition

Contingent and non-contingent deferred consideration may
arise on acquisitions. Non-contingent deferred consideration
may arise when settlement of all or part of the cost of business
combination falls due after the acquisition was completed.
Contingent deferred consideration may arise with consideration
dependent on the future performance of the acquired company.

Deferred consideration associated with business combinations
settled in cash is assessed in line with agreed contractual terms.
Consideration payable is discounted for the time value of money
and recognised as capital investment cost when the deferred or

contingent consideration is not employment-linked. Alternatively,
consideration is recognised as remuneration expense over the
deferral or contingent performance period, where consideration
payable is also contingent upon future employment.

In circumstances where the acquiree has an option to receive
consideration in the form of cash or a variable number of shares,
the Group has recognised a financial liability for the fair value of
the discounted consideration. Where consideration is settled
in a fixed number of shares, the consideration is classified as
equity, it is not re-measured, and settlement is accounted for
within equity. Otherwise, subsequent changes to the fair value
of the deferred consideration are recognised in the statement
of comprehensive income.

At each balance sheet date, consideration liabilities comprise
the fair value of the remaining contingent or non-contingent
deferred consideration valued at acquisition. Contingent
earn-out liabilities for acquisitions under IFRS 3 contain
estimation uncertainty, as they relate to future performance.
Management has assessed the potential future cash flows of
each acquired business, the likelihood of an earn-out payment
being made and discounted using an appropriate discount
rate (see note 13).

Other intangible assets

Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are initially
recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is
regarded as their cost). Subsequent to initial recognition,
intangible assets acquired in a business combination are
reported at cost less accumulated amortisation and any
impairment losses.

Intangible assets acquired as part of a business combination
Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are
identified and recognised separately from goodwill where they
satisfy the definition of an intangible asset under IAS 38. Such
assets are only recognised if either:

* They are capable of being separated or divided from the
company and sold, transferred, licensed, rented or
exchanged, either individually or together with a related
contract, identifiable asset or liability, regardless of whether
the company intends to do so; or

* They arise from contractual or other legal rights, regardless
of whether those rights are transferrable or separable from
the entity or from other rights and obligations.

The cost of such intangible assets is their fair value at the
acquisition date. All intangible assets acquired through business
combination are amortised over their estimated useful lives.
The significant intangibles recognised by the Group, their
useful economic lives and the methods used to determine the
cost of the intangibles acquired in business combinations are
as follows:


===== page 136 =====
134

Annual Report 2021

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

1. Basis of preparation and sig

Useful economic life Valuation method.
Multi-Period Excess

Intangible asset
Customer relationships 11-17 years

Earnings method
Intellectual property 7 years Relief from

Royalty method
Trade name 40-15 years Relief from

Royalty method
Order backlog 1-2 years Multi-Period Excess

Earnings method

Internally developed intangible assets

Capitalised development costs represent the costs incurred in
the development of enhancements to internally-generated
software, primarily within the Alpha Data Solutions business.

A useful economic life of 3 years has been deemed appropriate
based on the expected project lifecycle in development of new
software. The amortisation charge is recognised in administrative
expenses within the statement of comprehensive income.

Foreign exchange

Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the relevant
entity's functional currency at the average foreign exchange
rate in the month of the date of the transaction. Monetary assets
and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the balance
sheet date are retranslated to the functional currency at the
foreign exchange rate ruling at that date. Non-monetary assets
and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost ina
foreign currency are translated using the average exchange rate
in the month of the date of the transaction. Foreign exchange
differences arising on translation to functional currency are
recognised in the consolidated statement of income.

The revenues and expenses of foreign operations are translated
to the Group's functional currency at the average foreign
exchange rate in the month of the date of the transactions.
The assets and liabilities of foreign operations, including
goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on consolidation,
are translated to the Group's presentational currency, pound
sterling, at foreign exchange rates ruling at the balance sheet
date. Foreign exchange differences arising on retranslation of
assets and liabilities relating to foreign operations are
recognised in other comprehensive income.

Financial instruments

The Group uses financial instruments comprising cash and cash
equivalents, preference shares, loan notes and other short-term
instruments, such as trade payables that arise from its operations.
The main purpose of these financial instruments is to fund the

Group's business strategy and working capital requirements.

An outline of the accounting policies in respect of financial
instruments follows.

icant accounting policies continued

Financial assets

Financial assets are initially measured at fair value plus or minus,
in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit
or loss, transaction costs. The Group has not reclassified any
financial assets subsequent to initial recognition as at the
balance sheet date. Reclassification of classes of financial assets
is accounted for prospectively in accordance with IFRS 9, where
this is required. Any difference on reclassification from amortised
cost to fair value through profit or loss is recognised in the profit
and loss at the reclassification date.

Financial assets are assessed at each reporting date to
determine a lifetime expected credit loss that reflects the
credit risk associated with the portfolio of assets. A financial
asset is impaired in line with the simplified approach under
IFRS 9, which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance.

An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured

at amortised cost is calculated as the difference between its
carrying amount and the present value of the estimated future
cash flows discounted at the asset's original effective interest
rate. For financial instruments measured at cost less impairment,
impairment is calculated as the difference between its carrying
amount and the best estimate of the amount that the Group
would receive for the asset if it were to be sold at the reporting
date. Interest on the impairment asset continues to be
recognised through the unwinding of the discount. Impairment
losses are recognised in profit or loss. When a subsequent
event causes the amount of the impairment to decrease, the
decrease in impairment loss is reversed through statement of
comprehensive income.

Refer to note 22 for the disclosure of financial assets measured
at amortised cost.

Trade and other receivables

Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at fair value
and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less provision
for impairment. A provision for impairment of trade receivables
is established when there is objective evidence that the Group
will not be able to collect all amounts due according to the
original terms of the receivables. The provision is recognised
in the income statement as an operating charge.

The trade receivables balances recorded in the Group's
statement of financial position comprise a relatively small
number of large balances and are held until realised in cash.

Alpha provides services to customers on credit terms with mainly
arrears billing. Certain receivables may not be paid. The Group
applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected
credit losses, which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance
for all trade receivables. To measure expected credit losses,


===== page 137 =====
135

Annual Report 2021

trade receivables have been grouped based on shared credit
characteristics and the days past due. The Group considers
historical loss rates for each ageing category as a starting point
for estimating the expected credit loss. This historical loss rate
is subsequently adjusted for macro-economic and customer-
specific factors of receivables within each ageing category.
Characteristics considered by the Group for these purposes
include: historical collection experience for each customer;
the assessed liquidity of key customers within the receivables
balance; and other relevant macro-economic factors such as
COVID-19 and Brexit in order to determine a reasonable and
supportable assessment of the expected lifetime credit risk in
the context of the overall year-end trade receivables due.

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and call
deposits and are recorded and subsequently measured at
amortised cost in line with IFRS 9. Bank overdrafts that are
repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group’s
cash management are included as a component of cash and
cash equivalents for the purpose only of the cash flow statement.

Financial liabilities

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include
financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities
designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit
or loss. Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they
are acquired for the purpose of selling in the near term. This
category includes derivative financial instruments entered into
by the Group that are not designated as hedging instruments
in hedge relationships as defined by IAS 39. As at 31 March
2021, the Group had no such financial liabilities.

Refer to note 22 for the disclosure of financial liabilities measured
at amortised cost.

Trade and other payables
Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value and
are subsequently measured at amortised cost. Trade payables
due within one year are not discounted.

Current and deferred tax

‘Taxation expense on the result for the period comprises current
and deferred tax. Current and deferred tax is recognised in the
consolidated statement of comprehensive income, except to
the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in equity,
in which case it is recognised in equity.

Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the
taxable income for the period, using tax rates enacted or
substantively enacted at the balance sheet date, and any
adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous periods.

Deferred tax is provided using the balance sheet liability method,
providing for temporary differences between the carrying
amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes
and the amounts used for taxation purposes. The amount of
deferred tax provided is based on the expected manner of
realisation or settlement of the carrying amount of assets and
liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at
the balance sheet date.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each
balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer
probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow
all or part of the asset to be recovered. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to
set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities, and when
they relate to taxes levied by the same taxation authority and
the Group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities
ona net basis.

External borrowings

All loans and borrowings are initially recognised at the fair value
of consideration received. Borrowings are subsequently stated
at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds and
the redemption value is recognised in the statement of profit
and loss over the period of the borrowings using the Effective
Interest method.

Non-financial assets

The carrying amounts of the entity's non-financial assets, other
than deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each reporting date
to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If
any such indication exists, then the asset's recoverable amount
is estimated. The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is
the greater of its value in use and its fair value, less costs to
sell. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows
are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount
rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value
of money and the risks specific to the asset.

For the purposes of impairment testing, assets that cannot

be tested individually are grouped together into the smallest
group of assets that generates independent cash inflows (the
“cash-generating unit”, the “CGU"); that is, cash inflows from
continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows
of other assets or groups of assets.

An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an
asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable amount.
Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. Impairment
losses recognised in respect of CGUs are allocated first to reduce
the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the units and,
then, to reduce the carrying amounts of other assets in the
unit (or group of units) on a pro-rata basis.


===== page 138 =====
136

Annual Report 2021

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

1. Basis of preparation and sig
An impairment loss relating to non-financial assets, excluding
goodwill, is reversed if and only if the reasons for the impairment
have ceased to apply.

Impairment losses recognised in prior periods are assessed at
each reporting date for any indication that the loss has decreased
or no longer exists. An impairment loss is only reversed to

the extent that the asset's carrying amount does not exceed
the carrying amount that would have been determined, net

of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had
been recognised.

Right-of-use assets relating to the Group's leasing activities
are recognised on the balance sheet at an amount equal to the
lease liability on initial measurement, less any lease incentives,
plus any initial direct costs. Right-of-use assets are depreciated
over the shorter of the asset's useful life and the lease term on
a straight-line basis. For further information refer to the “Leases”
section on the accounting treatment for leases under IFRS 16
and note 7.

Leases

The Group leases office premises in various jurisdictions.
Leases are negotiated on an individual basis, and for a variety
of terms over which rentals are fixed with break clauses and
options to extend for a further period at the then prevailing
market rate. Rental agreements to which IFRS 16 has been
applied, span anywhere from 13 months to 10 years. Contracts
may contain both lease and non-lease components. Non-lease
components are separately identifiable and excluded from the
lease for the purpose of IFRS 16 implementation.

The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other
than the security interests in the leased assets that are held
by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for
borrowing purposes.

Alongside the rental leases associated with the office spaces,
Alpha also hold leases over associated car parking facilities
and leases associated with office equipment. These form the
population of leases subject to review under IFRS 16.

Measurement of lease liabilities

On initial recognition of a new lease, the lease liability is
recognised as the present value of future payments, discounted
using the incremental borrowing rate ("IBR"), unless the interest
rate implicit to the tease is available for use.

Lease payments to be made subsequent to optional termination
options have been included within the lease liability measurement,
where it is reasonably certain that such options will be exercised.
Lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit

icant accounting policies continued

in the lease. If that rate cannot be easily determined, the IBR
is applied, being the rate that the individual lessee would have
to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of
similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic
environment with similar terms, security and conditions.

The Group accounts for lease payments by allocating them to
a finance cost element and against the lease liability. The
finance cost is charged to profit or loss over the lease period.

When the Group revises its estimate of the term of any lease
(for example, if the probability of a lessee extension or
termination option being exercised is re-assessed), the Group
adjusts the carrying amount of the lease liability to reflect the
payments to make over the revised term, which are discounted
using a revised discount rate. In such cases, an equivalent
adjustment is made to the carrying value of the right-of-use
asset, with the revised carrying amount being amortised over
the remaining (revised) lease term. If the carrying amount of
the right-of-use asset is adjusted to zero, any further reduction
is recognised in profit or loss.

In determining the IBR, the Group has:

* Adopted the rate implicit in the lease, where this rate can
be readily determined, or used the IBR as assessed for
each lease.

Made adjustments to the IBR for relevant factors such as
lease term, lease value, country and asset specific
considerations.

The Group has no material exposure to variable lease
payments that qualify for accounting treatment under IFRS 16.

Measurement of right-of-use assets

The right-of-use asset for lease agreements entered into after
transition date is measured on initial recognition as the amount
equal to the lease liability on initial measurement, less any lease
incentives, plus any initial direct costs. Right-of-use assets are
depreciated over the shorter of the asset's useful life and the
lease term on a straight-line basis.

The Group has used the practical expedients permitted by
IFRS 16 in relation to accounting for leases with a remaining
lease term of less than 12 months as “short-term leases”, and
those with a low value as “low value leases”. Consequently,
no lease liability or right-of-use asset was calculated thereon.
These leases are expensed in the statement of profit and loss.
The Group also applies the practical expedient to combine
leases with similar characteristics to a portfolio of leases for
the purpose of applying the requirements of IFRS 16.


===== page 139 =====
137

Annual Report 2021

Revenue recognition

Recognition of revenue and client billing

Revenue consicte of the valuo of work executed for clients during
the year and expenses recharged, exclusive of VAT. Revenue
is classified into net fee income and recharged expenses. Net
fee income represents the Group’s personnel, subcontractor
and related expertise and services sold to clients. Recharged
expenses is the recharge of costs incidental to fulfilling contracts
including flights, subsistence and accommodation on which nil
or negligible margin is earned by the Group.

The Group delivers services that have no alternative use to Alpha
(advice to clients, reports, etc) as the services are specifically
tailored to clients’ projects and scope of work. The significant
majority of Alpha's revenue is contracted on a time and materials
basis, where the performance obligation is to provide consultancy
resources at agreed day rates. In such contracts, revenue is
recognised over time, as the number of consultant days worked
are delivered. Modifications or extensions to such projects are
recognised as delivered. Significant extensions, where the scope
or price of the contract increases, are treated as separate
contracts. Contracts accounted for on a time and materials basis
are billed incrementally, typically monthly, for incurred time
and materials.

Revenue recognition for fixed fee projects is based on the actual
service provided to the end of the reporting period as a proportion
of total services to be provided either over time or in line with
internally or externally identified project milestones, depending
on the nature of the performance obligations for the project.
Material scope changes are managed via a new agreement with
the client. Fixed fee projects are typically billed in accordance
with the nature of the performance obligations when a right to
payment crystallises.

For fixed fee milestone projects, revenue is recognised at a
point in timed upon delivery of each performance obligation.
These projects are billed as the contractual milestones are
delivered and the right to payment exists.

Revenue relating to right-to-access software licensing fees is
recognised over time, as the benefits of the software are
consumed by the customer over the licence period. Associated
implementation and other services are recognised in line with the
underlying performance obligation, either over the contractual
licence period where the associated service is not distinct from
the licence, or in line with the work performed where the service
provided is deemed distinct from the underlying licence. This
assessment is made at a contractual level based on the level of
interdependency between the promises in each related contract.

Revenue is wholly attributable to the principal activities of the
Group. For all revenue types, payment is typically due between
30 and 60 days after the invoice date or receipt of invoice,
depending on the client and geography.

Recognition of contract receivables

Activity performance recognised as revenue in excess of invoices
raised are contract receivables and are included within accrued
income, up to the value of the relevant project delivery milestone,
where applicable. On invoicing, the contract receivable is
reclassified to trade receivables.

Recognition of contract liabilities

Where amounts have been invoiced in excess of work performed
and recognised, the excess is a contract liability and is included
within deferred income and valued in line with the nature of the
project and related performance obligations as described above
and recognised in future periods.

Cost of sales

Cost of sales is defined by management as the direct costs
associated with the generation of the Group’s revenue,
including staff payroll and contractor costs, subsistence and
travel that are directly attributable to the delivery of services
and supporting growth.

With regard to the Group's software licensing arrangements,
costs directly related to non-distinct implementation work that
are incurred prior to the commencement of the licence are
initially recognised as an asset and are subsequently
amortised through cost of sales on a systematic basis, in line
with the transfer of goods or services to the customer.

‘Segmental reporting
An operating segment is a component of the Group:

(i) That engages in business activities from which it may earn
revenues and incur expenses (including revenues and
expenses relating to transactions with other components
of the same entity);

(ii) Whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the
Board of Directors in order to make decisions about
resources to be allocated to that component and assess
its performance; and

(ii) For which discrete financial information is available.

Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with
the internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision
maker, as required by IFRS 8 “Operating Segments”. The chief
operating decision maker is responsible for allocating resources
and assessing performance of the operating segments and
has been identified as the Board of Directors.

The accounting policies of the reportable segments are
consistent with the accounting policies of the Group as a
whole. Segment profit represents the gross profit earned by
each segment without allocation of administrative expenses,
interest payable and tax. This is the measure of profit that is
reported to the Board of Directors for the purpose of resource
allocation and the assessment of segment performance.


===== page 140 =====
138

Annual Report 2021

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

1. Basis of preparation and significant accounting policies continued

The Board regularly reviews consolidated operating results to
make decisions about the financial and organisational resources
of the Group and to assess overall performance.

Employee benefits

Defined contribution pension plan

A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan
under which the Group pays fixed contributions into a separate
enlily and will have a legal or constructive obligation to pay
further amounts. Contributions to defined contribution schemes
are charged to the statement of comprehensive income as they
become payable in accordance with the rules of the scheme.
Differences between contributions payable in the year and
contributions paid are shown as either accruals or pre-payments
in the statement of financial position.

Share-based payments

The cost of share-based employee compensation arrangements,
whereby employees receive remuneration in the form of shares
or share options, is recognised as an employee benefit expense
in the statement of profit or loss.

The total expense to be apportioned over the vesting period of
the benefit is determined by reference to the fair value (excluding
the effect of non market-based vesting conditions) at the date
of grant.

In determining the fair value of share-based payments under
IFRS 2, management has considered a number of internal and
external factors in order to judge the probability that management
and employee share incentives may vest. Such judgements
involve estimating future performance and other non market-
based factors.

At the end of each reporting period the assumptions underlying
the number of awards expected to vest are adjusted for the
effects of non market-based vesting conditions to reflect the
conditions prevailing at that date. The impact of any revisions
to the original estimates is recognised in the statement of profit
or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to equity. Fair value
is measured by the use of a binomial model. The assumptions
have been adjusted, based on management's best estimate, for
the effects of non-transferability, lack of dividend until vesting
and exercise restrictions.

The fair value calculations in both the current and prior periods
have been externally assessed and deemed reasonable in
the circumstances.

After vesting, the Group satisfies share option exercises either
through the issuance of new ordinary shares, or through the
transfer of existing shares held in the Company’s EBT to the
employee. Any share optione not exercised upon vesting remain
outstanding until the end of the contracted exercise period.

Other benefits

The Group operates a profit share bonus scheme that aims to
pay cmployces a percentage of an individual's salary, subject to
country or regional-level corporate performance in the period.
The profit share is accrued in the financial year, based on
management's best estimates of the staff bonuses to be paid
considering the overall financial performance and recognised
as an employee benefit expense in the income statement.

Short-term employee benefits including holiday pay are accrued
as services are rendered.

Earnings per share

Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit
attributable to the Group's ordinary shareholders by the
weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding
during the period.

The calculation of diluted earnings per share assumes conversion
of all potentially dilutive contingently issuable shares, which arise
from share options outstanding, A calculation is performed to
determine the number of share options that are potentially
dilutive based on the number of shares that could have been
acquired at fair value from the future assumed proceeds of the
outstanding share options.

Alternative performance measures

In order to provide further information on the underlying
performance of the Group, Alpha uses alternative performance
measures (“APMs"). The measures are not defined under IFRS
and they may not be directly comparable with other companies’
adjusted measures. These non-GAAP measures are not
intended to be a substitute for, or superior to, any IFRS measures
of performance, but have been included as the Directors consider
them to be helpful measures used within the business for
assessing the underlying performance of the Group’s ongoing
business across periods. The disclosure of these measures
within the financial statements is designed to provide the user
with equivalent information, and to supplement those measures
disclosed under IFRS. The Group performs a reconciliation for
cach APM, which includes disclosure of the most directly
reconcilable line item, subtotal or total presented under IFRS
within the financial statements. Please also refer to note 4.


===== page 141 =====
139

Annual Report 2021

Dividend policy

Dividends proposed by the Board are recognised in the financial
statements when they have been approved by shareholders at
the AGM. Interim dividends are recognised when they are paid.

IFRS 3 adjustment in respect of prior year acquisition
~ Remeasurement of the fair value of goodwill

In line with IFRS 3 Para. 45, and as noted in the interim results,
the Group made a measurement period adjustment to the
valuation of goodwill associated with the acquisition of Obsidian
Solutions Limited in the comparative period ended 31 March
2020, due to a residual net cash payment made in the period.
This resulted in an immaterial £89,000 increase in the value of
goodwill and current liabilities, which has been reflected in the
restated statement of financial position as at 31 March 2020.

This restatement has had no impact on the Group's net assets
and reserves as at 31 March 2020.

New accounting standards and interpretations
The following changes in accounting policies were applied by
the Group in these consolidated financial statements for the
year ended 31 March 2021. These included the adoption of
new standards and interpretations described below.

The International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and IFRS
Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) have issued the following
standards and interpretations which are now effective:

* IFRS 9 Financial Instruments with IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts
(Amendments to IFRS 4);

* Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework
in IFRS Standards;

* Definition of a Business (Amendments to IFRS 3);

* Definition of material (Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8); and

* Interest Rate Benchmark Reform (Amendments to IFRS 9,
IAS 39 and IFRS 7).

The following amendments to existing standards have been
issued and became effective in the year as a response to the
COVID-19 pandemic:

* Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions (Amendment to
IFRS 16), effective from 1 June 2020 and endorsed by the
UK on 9 October 2020.

The Directors reviewed the nature and effect of these new
standards on the Group and noted no material impact on the
financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2021.

The following other standards, interpretations and amendments
to existing standards have been issued but were not mandatory
for accounting periods beginning on 1 April 2020 and are not
expected to have a material impact on the Group.

* Interest Rate Benchmark Reform — Phase 2 (Amendments
to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16), effective
from 1 January 2021;

* Business Combinations (Amendments to IFRS 3), effective
from 1 January 2022 (not yet endorsed by the UK);

* Property, Plant and Equipment (Amendments to IAS 16),
effective from 1 January 2022 (not yet endorsed by the UK);

* Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets
(Amendments to IAS 37), effective from 1 January 2022 (not
yet endorsed by the UK);

* Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2018-20 Cycle,
effective from 1 January 2022 (not yet endorsed by the UK);

* Extension of the Temporary Exemption from Applying IFRS 9
(Amendments to IFRS 4), effective from 1 January 2023;

* Deferred tax related to assets and liabilities arising from a
single transaction (amendments to IAS 12), effective from
1 January 2023;

* IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts, effective from 1 January 2023
(not yet endorsed by the UK);

© Disclosure of accounting policies (amendments to IAS 1 and
IFRS practice statement 2), effective from 1 January 2023
(not yet endorsed by the UK);

* Classification of liabilities as current or non-current — deferral
of effective date (amendment to IAS 1), effective from
1 January 2023; and

* Definition of Accounting Estimates (Amendments to IAS8),
effective from 1 January 2023.


===== page 142 =====
140

Annual Report 2021

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued
2. Segment information

Group management has determined the operating segments by considering the segment information that is reported internally
to the chief operating decision maker, the Board of Directors. For management purposes, the Group is currently organised into
three geographical operating divisions: UK, North America and Europe & Asia. The Group's operations all consist of one type:
consultancy and related services to the asset management, wealth management and insurance industries.

The Directors consider that there is a material level of operational support and linkage provided to the Group's emerging territories
in Europe and Asia as they develop their presence locally, and as such, these clusters of territories have been deemed to
constitute one operating segment.

Revenues associated with software licensing arrangements were immaterial in both the current and prior years. Therefore, the
Directors consider disaggregating revenue by operating segments is most relevant to depict the nature, amount, timing and
uncertainty of revenue and cash flows as may be affected by economic factors.

Segmental revenue

UK NorthAmerica Europe & Asia®® Total
FY 24 £1000 £7000 £7000 £7000
Revenue 53,471 16,531 28,064 98,066
Rechargeable expenses (61) (17) (44) (142)
Net fee income 53,420 16,514 28,020 97,954
Cost of sales (32,022) (12,040) (19,068) (63,130)
Gross profit 21,398 4,474 8,952 34,824
Margin on net fee income“ (%) 40.1% 271% 31.9% 35.6%
Non-current assets 59,181 7,766 20,153 87,100

UK NorthAmerica Europe & Asia Totat
FY 20 £7000 £000 £000 £000
Revenue 51,391 15,222 24,288 90,901
Rechargeable expenses (864) (786) (327) (1,977)
Net fee income 50,527 14,436 23,961 88,924
Cost of sales (28,247) (9,672) (16,602) (64,521)
Gross profit . 22,280 4,764 7,359 34,403
Margin on net fee income (%) 441% 33.0% 30.7% 38.7%
Non-current assets” 62,779 9,785 20,993 93,557

During the year, the Group had one customer that comprised more than 10% of the Group's revenues, reporting within the UK
segment and comprising £11.7m or 12.0% of Group revenue. No customers comprised more than 10% of Group revenues in FY 20.

The Group's central non-current assets have been allocated to the UK operating segment, except for goodwill (see note 12),
intangible assets and right-of-use assets, which have been allocated to relevant operating segments.

In the year, the Group received immaterial COVID-19 related government financial support totalling less than £0.1m, all in Europe
& Asia. This has been offset against the related cost of sales, in line with IAS 20.

*8 Within Europe & Asia, France is a material entity and generated profits after tax of £1.9m (FY 20: £1.1m) and revenue of £12.5m (FY 20: £11.2m).
*6 Margin on net fee income is gross profit expressed as a percentage of net fee income. Please refer to note 4 for further detail.
* Refer to the “IFRS 3 adjustment in respect of prior year acquisition” section of note 1 for further detail on this restatement.


===== page 143 =====
141

Annual Report 2021

3. Operating profit
Operating profit for the period is stated after charging/(crediting):

FY 21 FY 20

Note £000 £7000

Amortisation of intangible assets 12 4130 3,804
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 7,14 1,085 1,022
Net foreign exchange losses/(gains) 94 (80)
Rental expense 7 293 597
Impairment provision recognised on trade receivables 15 - 76
Defined contribution pension scheme costs 5 924 952
Share-based payments charge 4) 2,496 1,307
Earn-out & deferred consideration 13 3,606 2,761
Integration costs 107 509
Acquisition costs - 488
Auditor’s remuneration:

FY21 FY 20

£7000 £'000
Audit fees —- parent company 54 50
Audit fees - subsidiary companies 194 442
Other assurance services = 10

All auditor remuneration relates to audit fees and associated assurance services. There were no additional advisory services

provided by the auditor to the Group in both the current and prior years.

4. Reconciliations to alternative performance measures (“APMs”)

Alpha uses alternative performance measures (“APMs") that are not defined or specific under the requirements of IFRS. The APMs,
including net fee income, margin on net fee income, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted profit before tax, adjusted EPS, adjusted cash

conversion and organic growth, are provided to allow stakeholders a further understanding of the underlying trading performance
of the Group and aid comparability between accounting periods. They are not considered a substitute for, or superior to, IFRS measures.

Net fee income

The Group disaggregates revenue into net fee income and expenses recharged to clients. Net fee income provides insight into
the Group's productive output and is used by the Board to set budgets and measure performance. This APM is reconciled on

the face of the income statement and net fee income by segment is reconciled to revenue in note 2.

Profit margins

Margin on net fee income and adjusted EBITDA margin are calculated using gross profit and adjusted EBITDA expressed as a
percentage of net fee income. These margins represent the margin that the Group earns on its productive output, excluding nil
or negligible margin expense recharges to clients over which the Group has limited control, and allows comparability of the
business output between periods. Such adjusted margins are used by the management team and the Board to assess the

performance of the Group.


===== page 144 =====
142

Annual Report 2021

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

4. Reconciliations to alternative performance measures (“APMs") continued
Reconciliation of adjusted profit before tax, adjusted operating profit and adjusted EBITDA

Note FY 21 FY 20
Profit before tax 8,969 9,294
Amortisation of acquired intangible assets 12 3,517 3,376
Loss on disposal of fixed assets 13 ant
Share-based payments charge 21 2,496 1,307
Earn-out and deferred consideration 13 3,606 2,761
Acquisition costs - 488
Integration costs 107 509
Foreign exchange losses/(gains) 94 (80)
Adjusting items 9,833 8,372
Non-underlying finance expenses 6 803 951
Adjusted profit before tax 19,605 18,617
Net underlying finance expenses 6 404 181
Adjusted operating profit 20,009 18,798
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 7,14 1,085, 1,022
Amortisation of capitalised development costs 12 613 428
Adjusted EBITDA 21,707 20,248
Adjusted EBITDA margin (%) 22.2% 22.8%

Adjusting items
Certain expense items, which management believes do not reflect the underlying operating performance of the business, are
excluded from adjusted profit measures. These items are generally non-cash, acquisition related or are non-recurring by nature.

Amortisation of acquired intangible assets and profit or loss on disposal of fixed assets are treated as adjusting items to better
reflect the underlying performance of the business, as they are non-cash items, principally relating to acquisitions.

The share-based payments charge and related social taxes are excluded from adjusted profit measures. This allows comparability
between periods as the Group's share option plans were established on AIM admission. It also aligns more closely with the

operational activities of the business, as well as accounts for the fact that the charge is a non-cash item and the fact that estimated
future social taxes payable fluctuate with the future market value of shares assumed. This approach has been applied consistently
across reporting periods. Note 21 sets out further details of the employee share-based payments expense calculation under IFRS 2.

As per note 13, the acquisitions of Axxsys and Obsidian in the prior year involved deferred contingent and non-contingent
consideration payments, which, in accordance with IFRS 3, are being expensed annually over several years, dependent on the
ongoing employment of the respective vendors or to reflect adjustments made to the fair value of the expected future payment.
This cost has been treated as an adjusting item as, whilst it will recur in the short term, it represents additional payments linked
to these acquisitions and not underlying operational performance, allowing comparability across reporting periods.

Other acquisition costs expensed in the prior year relating to the Axxsys and Obsidian acquisitions were also treated as an
adjusting item as they were not directly attributable to the ongoing trading performance of the Group.

Integration costs incurred in order to align the acquired Obsidian product suite security and to integrate the technology protocols
with the ADS 360 SalesVista product directly result from the acquisition of Obsidian in the prior year. Integration was completed
in April 2020 and was managed as a discrete short-term project subsequent to the acquisition. These costs are excluded from
adjusted profit measures to allow clarity on the underlying operational performance of the Group between periods.

Similarly, the impact of foreign currency volatility in translating local working capital balances to their relevant functional currencies
has been excluded from the calculation of adjusted profit measures on the basis that such exchange rate movements do not
reflect the underlying trends or operational performance of the Group.


===== page 145 =====
143

Annual Report 2021

Non-underlying finance expenses

In calculating adjusted profit before tax, unwinding of the discounted contingent and non-contingent acquisition consideration
within finance expenses is considered non-underlying as these amounts relate to acquisition consideration, rather than the
Group's underlying trading performance.

Adjusted profit before tax

Adjusted profit before tax is an APM calculated as profit before tax stated before the adjusting items above, including amortisation
of acquired intangible assets, share-based payment charge, acquisition-related consideration and costs, non-underlying finance
expenses and other non-underlying expenses. This measure was introduced in the prior year to allow comparability of the Group’s
underlying performance after the adoption of IFRS 16. This measure also reflects the underlying amortisation charges arising
from capitalised development costs relating to ADS product development. This measure will likely be of increasing importance in
allowing comparability across periods as the ADS business grows further in future periods.

Adjusted operating profit

Adjusted operating profit is an APM defined by the Group as adjusted profit before tax before charging underlying finance expenses,
including fees on bank loans and interest on lease liabilities. The Directors consider this metric aligned to the defined components
of operating profit, adjusted for the adjusting items above, and provides a Clearer view of the underlying operating performance
of the business. This measure is used as the basis for adjusted cash conversion.

Adjusted EBITDA

Adjusted EBITDA is a commonly used operating measure, which is defined by the Group as adjusted operating profit stated before
non-cash items, including amortisation of capitalised development costs and depreciation of property, plant and equipment.
Adjusted EBITDA is a measure that is used by management and the Board to assess trading performance across the Group and
forms the basis of the performance measures for aspects of remuneration, including consultant profit share.

Adjusted profit after tax

Adjusted profit after tax and adjusted earnings per share metrics are also APMs, similarly used to allow a further understanding
of the underlying performance of the Group. Adjusted profit after tax is stated before adjusting items and their associated tax
effects. The associated tax effects are calculated by applying the relevant effective tax rate to allowable expenses that have
been excluded as adjusting items.

FY21 FY 20
£'000 £000
Adjusted profit before tax 19,605 18,617
Tax charge (3,142) (3,127)
Tax impact of adjusting items (1,358) (1,142)
Adjusted profit after tax 15,105 14,348

Adjusted earnings per share

Adjusted earnings per share ("EPS") is calculated by dividing the adjusted profit after tax for the period attributable to ordinary
shareholders by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period. Adjusted diluted EPS is calculated
by dividing adjusted profit after tax by number of shares as above, adjusted for the impact of potential ordinary shares. Potential
ordinary shares are only treated as dilutive when their conversion to ordinary shares would decrease EPS (or increase loss per
share). Refer to note 11 for further detail.

FY 21 FY 20
£'000 £000

Adjusted EPS
Adjusted EPS (p) 14.91 14.21
Adjusted diluted EPS (p) 14.26 13.62



===== page 146 =====
144

Annual Report 2021

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

4. Reconciliations to alternative performance measures (“APMs") continued
Reconciliation of underlying administrative expenses

FY 21 FY 20

Note £000 £'000

Administrative expenses 24,648 23,977
Adjusting items (9,833) (8,372)
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 7,14 (1,085) (1,022)
Amortisation of capitalised development costs 12 (613) (428)
Adjusted administrative expenses 13,117 14,155

To express on the same basis as the APMs described above, adjusted administration expenses are stated before adjusting items,
depreciation and amortisation of capitalised development costs and are used by the Board to monitor the underlying administration
expenses of the business in calculating adjusted EBITDA.

Adjusted cash generated from operating activities

Adjusted cash generated from operating activities excludes any employment-linked acquisition payments and other acquisition
costs expensed in the year, treated as operating cash flows under IFRS, to reflect the Group’s underlying operating cash flows,
exclusive of cash payments relating to acquisitions.

FY 21 FY 20

£000 £000

Net cash generated from operating activities 21,035 18,208
Employment-linked acquisition payments 1,246 4,200
Acquisition costs - 488
Adjusted cash generated from operating activities 22,281 19,896

Adjusted cash conversion
Cash conversion is stated as net cash generated from operating activities expressed as a percentage of operating profit.

Adjusted cash conversion is stated as adjusted cash generated from operating activities expressed as a percentage of adjusted
operating profit.

FY21 FY 20
Cash conversion 207% 175%
Adjusted cash conversion 111% 106%

Organic net fee income growth
Organic net fee income growth of 8.0% (FY 20: 7.7%) for the current period represents FY 21 net fee income less £1.9m net fee
income attributable to the acquisitions completed during the prior period.

Organic net fee income growth excludes net fee income from acquisitions in the 12 months following acquisition. Net fee income
from any acquisition made in the period is excluded from organic growth. For acquisitions made part way through the comparative
period, the current period's net fee income contribution is reduced to include only net fee income for the period following the
acquisition anniversary, in order to compare organic growth on a like-for-like basis.

** Total acquisition payments made in the year were £4.0m, comprising £1.2m relating to employment-linked acquisition payments, treated as operating
under IFRS, and a further £2.8m considered to be capital in nature and included within investing activities in the Group's consolidated statement of
cash flows. Please see note 13 for further details.


===== page 147 =====
145

Annual Report 2021

Constant currency growth

The Group operates in multiple jurisdictions and generates revenues and profits in various currencies. Those results are translated
on consolidation at the foreign exchange rates prevailing in that period. These exchange rates vary from year to year, so the Group
presents some of its results on a “constant currency” basis. This means that the current year’s results have been retranslated
using the average exchange rates from the prior year to allow for comparison of year-on-year results, eliminating the effects of
volatility in exchange rates.

Currency translation had a minimal impact on both net fee income and profits in FY 21, as a result of a strengthening Sterling through
the period against the US Dollar being offset by weakening against the Euro. In the year, sterling averaged $1.31 (FY 20: $1.28)
and €1.12 (FY 20: €1.15). Currency translation immaterially increased FY 21 net fee income by £0.2m or 0.2% (FY 20: £0.3m or
0.4%), albeit the individual geographic regional results were more affected. On a constant currency basis, North America net fee
income growth would increase to 16.9% and Europe & Asia would report 14.5% total net fee income growth.

5. Staff costs

The average number of employees employed by the Group, where “employees” includes Executive Directors but excludes
contractors, was:

FY 21 FY 20

Number Number

UK 197 174
North America 66 53
Europe & Asia 125 128
Administration 48 42
436 397

FY 21 FY 20

£7000 £000

Wages and salaries 51,205 42,178
Social security costs 6,069 5,076
Pension costs 924 952
Share-based payment charge 2,496 1,307
60,694 49,513

The Directors are considered to be the key management personnel and details of the Directors’ remuneration, including salary,
share option awards, pension and other benefits, are included in the tables within the “summary of the Directors’ remuneration”
and “Directors' share interests and awards” sections of the Remuneration Report on pp 104-08.

The share-based payment charge, including social security taxes, in respect of key management personnel was £353,000
(FY 20: £136,000).


===== page 148 =====
146

Annual Report 2021

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued
6. Finance income and expenses

FY 21 FY 20

Note £'000 £'000

Bank interest receivable = 1
Total finance income - 1
Interest and fees payable on bank loans (302) (53)
Interest on lease liabilities (102) (129)
Total underlying finance expenses (404) (182)
Non-underlying finance expenses 4 (803) (951)
Total finance expenses . (1,207) (1,133)
Net underlying finance expenses 4 (404) (181)
Net finance expenses (1,207) (1,132)

As at 31 March 2020, the Group had one principal bank facility, which comprised a £5.0m committed RCF facility with Lloyds
Bank plc. The RCF was fully drawn in the first half of the year as a protective measure in the light of the business uncertainty
brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic and was repaid in full on 30 September 2020.

As previously noted, in June 2020 the Group signed an extension to and upscaling of its RCF with Lloyds Bank plc to provide
further funding flexibility. There was no change to the outstanding drawn balance, and no penalties or charges incurred in
relation to upscaling the RCF. This amended RCF totals £20.0m and an arrangement fee of £0.3m was paid on signing. This fee
has been capitalised and is being amortised over the initial term of the facility through finance expenses. As at 31 March 2021
the £20.0m RCF remains fully undrawn.

7. Leases
Right-of-use assets
Equipment
Buildings under lease Total
£000 £'000 £000

Cost
At 1 April 2020 3,364 an 3,375,
Additions 149 - 149
Disposals and other movements (47) - (47)
Exchange adjustments (67) - (67)
At 31 March 2021 3,399 11 3,410
Depreciation
At 1 April 2020 . (760) (4) (764)
Charge for the period (826) 4 (830)
At 31 March 2021 (1,586) (8) (1,594)
Net book value at 31 March 2021 1,813 3 1,816

Net book value at 31 March 2020 2,604 7 2,611



===== page 149 =====
147

Annual Report 2021

Lease liabilities
A summary of the Group's undiscounted lease liabilities as at 31 March 2021 is presented below:

FY 21 FY 20

£7000 £000
Due within 1 year 551 880
Due between 1 and 5 years 1,381 1,741
Due after 5 years. 120 310
Total lease liabilities - undiscounted 2,052 2,931
Impact of discounting (159) (262)
Total lease liabilities - discounted 1,893 2,669

Amounts recognised in the Group's consolidated statement of comprehensive income
Amounts recognised in the income statement in relation to the Group's leases are shown below:

FY 21 FY 20

£'000 £000
Depreciation of right-of-use asset (830) (764)
Short-term lease expense (293) (697)
Low-value lease expense - -
Variable service charges (96) (89)
Included in administration expenses (1,219) (1,450)
Interest expense on lease liabilities (102) (129)
Included in finance expenses (102) (129)

The income statement records, within operating profit, £0.3m relating to leases not within the scope of IFRS 16, such as leases
with a lease term of less than 12 months as at the commencement of the lease and therefore treated as “short-term leases”.
There were no leases with a lease term of more than 12 months that were designated as low value leases in the year.

Total rental payments made in the year on all lease tenors amounted to £1.2m (FY 20: £1.4m). Variable service charge costs
associated with the Group's property leases represent future outflows relating to the lease arrangements are also not included
within the IFRS 16 lease liability. These currently amount to £0.1m per annum and are expensed as incurred. The Group had no
leases committed to but not yet commenced as at 31 March 2021, and any extension options with reasonable certainty at the
date of signing these financial statements have been included within the lease liability.

The Group had no income associated with sub-leasing arrangements, or gains/losses associated with sale-and-leaseback
transactions in the year ended 31 March 2021.

8. Taxation

FY21 FY 20
£'000 £'000
Current tax
In respect of the current year ~ UK 2,058 2,473
Foreign taxation 2,282 1,243
Adjustment in respect of prior periods (242) (372)
Deferred tax
In respect of the current year (959) (829)
Change in tax rate - 426
Adjustment in respect of prior periods 3 186

Total tax expense for the year 3,142 3,127



===== page 150 =====
148

Annual Report 2021

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

8. Taxation continued
The difference between the total tax expense shown above and the amount calculated by applying the standard rate of UK
corporation tax to the profit before tax is as follows:

FY 21 FY 20
£000 £000
Profit before taxation 8,969 9,294
Tax on profit on ordinary activities at standard UK corporation tax rate of 19% (FY 20: 19%) 1,704 1,766
Effects of:
Fixed asset differences 4 (1)
Expenses not deductible for taxation 463 1,042
Differences due to overseas tax rates 856 74
Adjustments in respect of prior periods (242) (372)
Adjustments in respect of prior periods - deferred tax 3 186
Change in deferred tax rate (13) 406
Current tax charged to equity (share option exercise) 374 -
Deferred tax not recognised 1 26
Total tax expense for the year 3,142 3,127

Expenses not deductible for taxation relate mainly to employment-linked acquisition consideration, treated as capital for tax purposes,
with non-deductible share-based payment charges being offset by current tax credits on share option exercises in the year.

9. Deferred tax

FY 21 FY 20

£000 £7000
Net deferred tax liability - at 1 April 4,438 3,193
Prior period transfer (35) -
Arising on business combinations - 1,467
Charged to the statement of comprehensive income (956) (217)
Effect of changes in accounting standards - (7)
Charged directly to equity (425) 2
Net deferred tax liability - at 31 March 3,022 4,438

The UK corporation tax rate legislation announced is set to hold the corporation tax rate at 19% (FY 20: 19%) for the 2020/21
and 2021/22 tax years. This rate has been reflected in the calculation of deferred tax for the year ended 31 March 2021.

An increase in the UK corporation rate from 19% to 25% (effective 1 April 2023) was substantively enacted on 24 May 2021. An
initial assessment is that this change would increase the Group's future current tax charge accordingly and increase the Group’s
existing deferred tax liability by £0.6m, reflecting an increased liability recognised on acquired intangible assets partially offset by
the increased carrying value of deferred tax assets relating to share options. A detailed analysis of the impact of these changes
‘on the Group's UK tax position will be undertaken in due course.


===== page 151 =====
149

Annual Report 2021

Movements in deferred tax during the year

1 April Priorperiod Recognised Recognised ‘31 March
2020 transfer in income inequity 2021

£'000 £'000 £'000 £000 £000

Accelerated capital allowances 40 - (18) - 22
Short-term timing differences (14) (35) 38 - (11)
Share options (617) - (259) (425) (1,201)
Arising on business combinations 4,929 - (717) - 4,212
4,438 (35) (956) (425) 3,022

The below table sets out the reconciliation of the net deferred tax liability:

FY 21 FY 20

£'000 £'000

Deferred tax liabilities 4,239 4,984
Deferred tax assets (1,217) (646)
Net deferred tax liabilities 3,022 4,438

Deferred tax assets recognised within these consolidated financial statements represent the future tax effect of share-based
payment charges in respect of awards that have yet to vest and similarly on the initial recognition of right-of-use lease assets
under IFRS 16. Deductions in excess of the cumulative share-based payment charge recognised in the statement of profit and

loss are recognised in equity.

Deferred tax liabilities represent the future tax impact arising from temporary timing differences between accounting and tax
treatments including of the initial recognition of acquired intangible assets and changes in tax rates as the liability is settled.
The closing deferred tax liability arising on business combinations reflects the tax effect of these temporary differences at

31 March 2021.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset where there is a legally enforceable right to do so and when the deferred taxes relate

to the same fiscal authority.

10. Dividends

Amounts recognised as distributions to equity holders:

FY 21 FY 20

£000 £7000
Interim dividend for the year ended 31 March 2021 of 2.10p (FY 20: 2.10p) per share 2,136 2121
Proposed final dividend for the year ended 31 March 2021 of 4.85p (FY 20: nil) per share 5,416 -
Total dividend for the year ended 31 March 2021 of 6.95p (FY 20: 2.10p) per share 7,552 2,21

The proposed final FY 21 dividend is subject to approval by shareholders at the AGM and has, therefore, not been included as a

liability in these consolidated financial statements.


===== page 152 =====
150

Annual Report 2021

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued
11. Earnings per share and adjusted earnings per share

The Group presents basic and diluted earnings per share (“EPS”) data, both adjusted and non-adjusted for its ordinary shares.
Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the profit or loss for the period attributable to ordinary shareholders by the weighted average
number of ordinary shares fully outstanding during the period. Potential ordinary shares are only treated as dilutive when their
conversion to ordinary shares would decrease EPS (or increase loss per share).

In order to reconcile to the adjusted profit for the financial period, the same adjustments as in note 4 have been made to the Group's
profit for the financial period. The profits and weighted average number of shares used in the calculations are set out below:

Note FY 21 FY 20
Basic and diluted EPS
Profit for the financial year used in calculating basic and diluted EPS (£’000) 5,827 6,167
Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue ('000) 101,312 101,003
Number of dilutive shares (’000) 4,590 4,341
Weighted average number of ordinary shares, including potentially dilutive shares ('000) 105,902 105,344
Basic EPS (p) 5.75 611
Diluted EPS (p) 5.50 5.85
Adjusted EPS and adjusted diluted EPS
Adjusted profit for the financial year used in calculating adjusted basic and diluted EPS (£000) 4 15,105 14,348
Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue ('000) 101,312 101,003
Number of dilutive shares ('000) ‘ 4,590 4,341
Weighted average number of ordinary shares, including potentially dilutive shares (000) 105,902 105,344
Adjusted EPS (p) 14.91 14.21
Adjusted diluted EPS (p) 14.26 13.62

Earnings per share is calculated based on the share capital of the Company and the earnings of the Group.

12. Goodwill and intangible fixed assets

Goodwill
Restated"™
FY21 FY20
£000 £'000
Cost at beginning of the year 64,642 55,162
Additions - 8,558
(Losses)/gains from foreign exchange (1,575) 922
Cost at end of the year 63,067 64,642

Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the Group’s share of the net identifiable assets
of the acquired subsidiary at the date of acquisition. Goodwill is represented by assets that do not qualify for separate recognition
and includes the potential synergy benefits of combining the intellectual property and talents of the teams into the Group. In line
with IAS 21 para 47, goodwill arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation is held in local currency and is retranslated into the
Group's presentational currency at each reporting date using the closing foreign exchange rate.

In prior years, goodwill was recognised upon the acquisitions of Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited in February 2016, TrackTwo
GmbH in July 2017 and, in the prior year, the acquisitions of Obsidian Solutions Ltd and Axxsys Ltd.

*® Refer to the “IFRS 3 adjustment in respect of prior year acquisition” section of note 1 for further detail on this restatement.


===== page 153 =====
151

Annual Report 2021

In line with IAS 36 para 96, the carrying value of goodwill is not subject to systematic amortisation but is reviewed at least annually
for impairment. The review assesses each CGU to which goodwill has been allocated for impairment by comparing the carrying
value of the unit, including the goodwill, with the recoverable amount of the unit. The carrying values of goodwill have been
assessed by reference to value in use. These have been estimated using cash flows from forecasts prepared by management
around the balance sheet date.

The CGUs have been classified in line with our operating segments, driven by shared senior management at a strategic and local
operational level. Therefore, the CGUs considered for impairment testing are UK, North America and Europe & Asia, in line with
the Group's operating segments. The Directors consider that there is also a material level of operational support and linkage
provided to the Group's emerging territories in Asia and Europe as they develop their presence locally and, as such these clusters
of territories have been assessed as constituting one CGU for impairment purposes. The prior year restatement relates to a £0.1m
measurement period addition to goodwill relating to the acquisition of Obsidian and details are set out in the “IFRS 3 adjustment
in respect of prior year acquisition” section of note 1. Goodwill is allocated to CGUs as follows:

Restated?
FY 21 FY 20
Goodwill by cash generating unit £7000 £7000
UK 38,991 38,991
North America 7,642 8,487
Europe & Asia 16,434 17,164
At end of the year 63,067 64,642

Key assumptions - impairment testing

The principal assumptions considered to be individually significant for the purposes of calculating the value in use of goodwill
for each CGU include the assumed underlying trading used to estimate the future CGU cash flows, taking into account future
CGU growth rates and margins, and the pre-tax discount rate used to convert these estimated cash flows to present value.

In all cases, the budget for the following financial year forms the basis for the cash flow projections for a CGU. These near-term FY 22
budget assumptions were sensitised to account for the inherent uncertainty associated with forward-looking cash flow projections.

The cash-flow projections for the four years subsequent to the budget year reflect the Directors’ expectations of the medium-term
operating performance of the CGU and the growth prospects in the CGU’s market, reflecting a range of factors to the specific
circumstances associated with each CGU. Underlying revenue growth assumptions for the period FY 23 to FY 26 range from an
average annual growth of 5.9% to one of 9.5% over the medium term, and is assessed on a period-by-period basis reflecting
market conditions. They include the relative size of each CGU and the maturity level of operations in the territory in the determination
of the future estimated cash flows for value in use.

Thereafter, a perpetuity long-term growth rate is applied ranging between 1.3% and 1.8% depending on the CGU, based on
longer-term economic outlooks of those economies and the Directors’ longer-term assessment of the prospects of those businesses.

To discount these cash flows to present value, CGU specific pre-tax discount rates have been applied to reflect the market
assessment of the time value of money and the specific risk profile of each CGU, including consideration of the relative size of
each CGU, the maturity level of operations in the territory and local market risk metrics. The Group bases its estimate for the
pre-tax discount rate on its weighted average cost of capital. The weighted average pre-tax discount rate for the Group was
determined to be 12.4% (FY 20: 14.2%). CGU specific discount rates have been applied to reflect CGU specific risks.

5 Refer to the “IFRS 3 adjustment in respect of prior year acquisition” section of note 1 for further detail on this restatement.


===== page 154 =====
182

Annual Report 2021

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

12. Goodwill and intangible fixed assets continued
The table below summarises the assumptions used for each CGU:

Pre-tax discount rate ‘Medium-term growth rate Long-term growth rate
FY 21 FY 20 Fy21 FY 20 FY 24 FY 20
UK 12.1% 13.7% 8.0% 5.7% 1.3% 1.0%
North America 13.6% 15.7% 9.5% 15.0% 1.8% 11%
Europe & Asia 12.2% 14.6% 5.9% 7.2% 1.4% 1.0%

Sensitivity
The Group has considered a range of factors on the value in use estimate for each CGU.

In assessing goodwill impairment review, discount rates applied would have to increase to between 19.1% and 51.1% dependent
on the CGU to result in value in use headroom falling to nil for any CGU. The Directors consider that no reasonably possible change
to the long-term growth rates could result in impairment of goodwill for any CGU given the prudent assumptions, summarised in
the table above.

Management does not expect a material change to the discount rate in any of its CGUs as presented for the year ended

31 March 2021. As such, in order to address inherent uncertainty surrounding forward-looking cash-flow assumptions and the
ongoing residual uncertainty regarding COVID-19, the Group has applied prudent sensitivity analysis to identify the point to
which growth would have to fall in order to reduce headroom to nil. As such, the assumed medium-term growth rate for the
period from FY 23 to FY 26 would need to reduce to between (11.2%) and (32.7%), depending on the CGU, for the value in use
headroom to fall to nil.

The Directors have considered whether a reasonably possible change in the assumptions would erode the headroom or give rise
to a material adjustment to any carrying value in the next 12 months. The Directors do not consider that a reasonably possible
change in assumptions could result in a reduction in headroom to nil for any CGU.

Intangible fixed assets
As at 31 March 2021

Capitalised
Order Customer Intellectual Trade development
Backlog —_relationships property name costs Total
£'000 £'000 £1000 £000 £'000 £000
Cost
At the start of the year 1,308 24,279 3,388 6,232 1,828 37,035
Additions - - - - - -
Exchange difference - - = = 2) 2)
At the end of the year — total 1,308 24,279 3,388 6,232 1,819 37,026
Amortisation
At the start of the year (635) (7,201) (1,148) (1,799) (478) (11,261)
Charge for the year (683) (2,030) (497) (407) (613) (4,130)
Exchange difference = - - - 13 13
At the end of the year — total (1,218) (9,231) (1,645) (2,206) (1,078) (15,378)

Net book value 90 15,048 1,743 4,026 741 21,648


===== page 155 =====
153

Annual Report 2021

As at 31 March 2020

Capitalised
Order Customer Intellectual Trade development
Backlog _ relationships property name costs Total
£000 £000 £7000 £'000 £'000 £000
Cost
At the start of the year - 20,068 2,086 5,630 441 28,225
Recognised on acquisitions (see note 13) 1,308 4211 1,302 602 - 7,423
Additions - - - = 1,387 1,387
At the end of the year — total 1,308 24,279 3,388 6,232 1,828 37,035
Amortisation
At the start of the year - (6,234) (759) (1,414) (50) (7,457)
Charge for the year (635) (1,967) (389) (385) (428) (3,804)
At the end of the year — total (635) (7,201) (1,148) (1,799) (478) (11,261)
Net book value 673 17,078 2,240 4,433 1,350 25,774

Customer relationships

Customer relationships at the start of the period represent the fair value at the 3 February 2016 acquisition date of the customer
rolationships that were owned by, but not previously recognised as assets of, Alpha [MC Group Holdings Lintited aid customer
relationships acquired as part of the TrackTwo GmbH acauisition in July 2017, and the fair value of the customer relationships
acquired from the acquisitions of Obsidian Solutions Limited and Axxsys Limited in FY 20.

The fair value has been determined by applying the Multi-Period Excess Earnings method to the cash flows expected to be earned
from customer relationships. The key management assumptions are around forecast revenues, operating margins and discount
factors. The value is given by the present value of the earnings the customer relationships generate, net of a reasonable return
on other assets also contributing to that stream of earnings (contributory asset charges).

A useful economic life of 11-17 years has been deemed appropriate based on the average realisation rate of cumulative cash flows.
and benchmarked data for each respective acquisition. Projected cash flows have been discounted over this period. The amortisation
charge is recognised in administrative expenses within the statement of comprehensive income.

Intellectual property

Intellectual proporty at the start of the period represents the fair valuc at the 3 February 2016 acquisition date of the intellectual
proporty that was owned by, but not previously recognised as assets of, Alpha FMC Croup Holdings Limited, intellectual property
acquired as part of the TrackTwo GmbH acquisition in July 2017, and those acquired on the acquisition of Axxsys and Obsidian
in FY 20.

The fair value has been determined by applying the Relief from Royalty method to the cash flows earned from the intellectual property.
The key management assumptions aro around growth forecasts, discount factors and royalty percentage utilised. A useful ecurwnnic
life of 7 years has been deemed appropriate based on previous acquisitions and benchmarking data. Projected cash flows have
boon discountod over this period. The amortisation charge is recogniscd in administrative expenses within the slaternent of
comprehensive income.

Trade name

Trade namo intangiblo accote at tho start of the period represent the fair value at the 3 February 2016 acquisition date of the
trade name, which was owned by, but not proviously recognised as assets of, Alpha [MC Croup Holdings Limited, the acquired
intangible asset associated with the TrackTwo GmbH acquisition in July 2017, and those acquired on the acquisition of Axxsys
and Obsidian in FY 20.

The fair value has been determined by applying the Relief from Royalty method to the cash flows earned from the trade name.
The key management assumptions are around growth forecasts, discount factors and royalty percentage utilised. A useful
economic life of 10-15 years has been deemed appropriate based on previous acquisitions and benchmarking data. Projected
cash flows have been discounted over this period. The amortisation charge is recognised in administrative expenses within the
statement of comprehensive income.


===== page 156 =====
154

Annual Report 2021

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

12. Goodwill and intangible fixed assets continued

Order backlog

The order backlog intangible at the start of the period relates to the fair value of the order backlog acquired with Axxsys. The fair
value has been determined by applying the Multi-Period Excess Earnings method to the cash flows earned from the order backlog.
The key management assumptions are around growth forecasts and the discount factors applied.

A useful economic fife uf 1-2 years has been deemed apprupriale based oi benchmarking reviews. Projected cash flows have
been discounted over this period. The amortisation charge is recognised in administrative expenses within the statement of
comprehensive income.

The remaining useful economic lives of each of the respective asset classes acquired on acquisition above are summarised in
the table below.

Customer Intellectual Trade Order

relationships property name backlog

Acquired entity (years) (years) (years) (years)
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited 68 1.8 9.8 -
TrackTwo GmbH 73 3.3 13.2 -
Axxsys Limited - UK 9.2 - 13.2 -
Axxsys Limited - North America/Nordics 10.2 - 13.2 0.2
Obsidian Solutions Limited 15.6 56 8.6 -

Capitalised development costs
Capitalised development costs represent the costs incurred in the development enhancements to the 360 SalesVista software
product within ADS.

Auseful economic life of 5 years has becn decmed appropriate based on expected project lifecycle in dovolopment of new seftwaro.

The amortisation charge is recognised in administrative expenses within the statement of comprehensive income. There is an
average of 1.6 years remaining to be amortised for the capitalised development costs in relation to the development of new software.

13. Acquisition of business

Acquisitions in the prior year

As part of the acquisition of Axxsys Limited and Obsidian Solutions Limited in previous periods, the Group agreed earn-out
arrangements and 4 final ownership consideration bascd on the financial performance of the respective acquired entities over an
agreed period of time, subject to continuous employment of the respective vendors, as previously disclosed.

Obsidian :
On 9 November 2019, the Group acquired 100% of the share capital of Obsidian Solutions Limited. Obsidian provides specialised
software products to the investment management industry.


===== page 157 =====
155

Annual Report 2021

Obsidian Solutions Limited (restated)*

Book Fair value Values on
values adjustments acquisition
Note £000 £000 £000

Acquiree's net assets at the acquisition date:
Tangible fixed assets 6 - 6
Customer relationships - 146 146
Trade name - 318 318
Intellectual property - 1,302 1,302
Trade and other debtors 501 - 501
Cash 155 - 155
‘Trade and other creditors (149) - (149)
Deferred tax liability - (300) (300)
Net identifiable assets and liabilities acquired 513 1,466 1,979
Cash consideration relating to business combination 7,896
Goodwill on acquisition 12 5,917

The remaining £1.8m base consideration outstanding from the acquisition of Obsidian as at 31 March 2020 was paid in the period.
Including the contingent earn-out and unwinding of discounting, a total £4.4m estimated consideration is recorded within liabilities.
In the period, £1.7m was expensed as a non-underlying cost relating to employment-linked consideration, with an offsetting £0.1m
recognised in respect of a fair value adjustment arising from a re-assessment of the profile of the future earn-out payments,
weighted towards the later earn-out years. The earn-out payments have been estimated by the Directors based on anticipated
future earnings and discounted to present value.

The unwinding of this earn-out discount each period will be recognised as a finance cost. During the period, £0.3m of this discount
unwinding was expensed as a non-underlying cost in relation to Obsidian. Any remaining employment-linked balance will be
expensed through the income statement in line with IFRS 3, proportionately until 2023.

Axxsys
On 5 June 2019, the Group acquired 100% of the share capital and voting interests of Axxsys Limited and subsidiaries. Axxsys has
provided specialised consultancy and technology implementation services to the investment management industry since 2003.

Axxsys Limited

Book Fair value Values on’
values adjustments acquisition
Note £000 £7000 £000

Acquiree's net assets at the acquisition date:
Tangible fixed assets 30 - 30
Customer relationships - 4,067 4,067
Order backlog - 1,308 1,308
Trade name - 284 284
Trade and other debtors 1,872 - 1,572
Cash 374 - 374
Trade and other creditors (1,220) - (1,220)
Deferred tax liability - (1,166) (1,166)
Net identifiable assets and liabilities acquired 756 4,493 5,249
Cash consideration relating to business combination 7,890
Goodwill on acquisition 12 2,641

5! Refer to the “IFRS 3 adjustment in respect of prior year acquisition” section of note 1 for further detail on this restatement.


===== page 158 =====
156

Annual Report 2021

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

13. Acquisition of business continued
Of the remaining £4.2m base consideration due on the acquisition of Axxsys as at 31 March 2020, £2.1m was paid during the
period, of which £1.1m was employment linked. The remaining £2.1m base consideration is payable in June 2021.

Given Axxsys's strong ongoing performance, the Direciors have revised their initial estinrale in relation to the earn-oul and expect
that Axxsys is likely to meet its full £5.0m undiscounted earn-out payment, payable in June 2022. In addition, management has
revised the initial discount rate applicd at the time of acquisition downwards given most of the earn-out period hac now elapsed.
Therefore, in the period, a fair value adjustment of £1.2m was expensed to reflect the higher estimated earn-out payment and
the lower level of discounting.

A further £0.9m was expensed in the year in relation to employment-linked base and earn-out consideration. These result in a
total £2.1m of earn out and deferred consideration costs expensed iin the period rolating to the acquicition of Axxsys, treated as
non-underlying costs.

Goth the carn-out payments, which have been estimated by the Directors based on anticipated future earnings, and the deferred
consideration, arc discounted to present value. The unwinding of this discount each period shall be recognised as a finance cost.

During the period, £0.5m of this discount unwinding was expensed as a non-underlying cost in relation to Axxsys. Including the
contingent carn out and unwinding of discounting, a total £6.7m estimated consideration is recorded within liabilitios. Any.remaining
employment-linked balance will be expensed through the income statement in line with IFRS 3, proportionately until 2022.

TrackTwo

As part of the acquisition of Track Two Gmblt in 2017, the Group agreed an carn out arrangomont and a final ownership consideration
based on the financial performance of TrackTwo over the 3-year period to July 2020, subject to continuous employment of the
vendor until July 2020, as previously disclosed. During the year the Group has settled the outstanding liability in relation to
TrackTwo through a payment of £0.1m. No residual liability remains.

The below table summarises the movements in the deferred and contingent consideration balances in relation to liabilities held
at 31 March 2021.

Axxsys Obsidian TrackTwo Total

£'000 £'000 £000 £000

Balance at 4 April 2020 (restated)*? 6,184 4,368 100 10,652
Fair value adjustment to existing provision 1,195 (138) r 1,057
Employment-linked consideration 891 1,658 - 2,549
Payments in the year (2,100) (1,798) (100) (3,998)
Unwinding of discounting 536 267 im 803
Balance as at 31 March 2021 6,706 4,357 =. 11,063

The above liabilities are reflected in non-current and current liabilities as shown in the following table:

Axxsys Obsidian TrackTwo Total

£000 £'000 £'000 £000

Current 1,992 - 7 1,992
Non-current 4,714 4,357 i 9,071
Balance as at 31 March 2021 6,706 4,357 - 11,063

8 Refer to the “IFRS 3 adjustment in respect of prior year acquisition” section of note 1 for further detail on this restatement.


===== page 159 =====
157

Annual Report 2021

14. Tangible fixed assets

Leasehold Fixtures, fittings Computer
improvements and equipment equipment Total
£000 £000 £7000 £000
Cost
At 1 April 2019 206 315 1,163 1,684
Acquired through business combinations - - 199 199
Additions 95 30 254 379
Disposals = (110) (85) (165)
At 31 March 2020 301 235, 1,561 2,097
Additions - - 224 224
Disposals (65) - (65) (130)
Exchange difference - - @) (8)
At 31 March 2021 236 235 1,712 2,183
Depreciation
At 1 April 2019 (187) (253) (830) (1,270)
Acquired through business combinations - - (163) (163)
Charge for the period (26) (24) (208) (258)
Disposals - 109 15 124
At 31 March 2020 (213) (168) (1,186) (1,567)
Charge for the period © (20) (229) (255)
Disposals - - 44 44
Exchange difference = 2 8 10
At 31 March 2021 (219) (186) (1,363) (1,768)
Net book value at 31 March 2021 17 49 349 415
Net book value at 31 March 2020 88 67 375 530
15. Trade and other receivables
FY 21 FY 20
£'000 £000
Amounts due within 1 year:
Trade receivables 16,497 19,420
Less: allowance for expected credit losses (378) (623)
Trade receivables - net 16,119 18,897
Other debtors 319 101
Capitalised implementation costs 182 -
Prepayments 798 926
Accrued income 520 1,288
Total amounts due within 1 year 17,938 21,212

Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and generally have a 30- to 60-day term. Due to their short maturities, the carrying

amount of trade and other receivables is a reasonable approximation of their fair value.

An expected credit loss attributable to trade receivables is established after consideration of historical loss rates in preceding
periods and relevant current circumstances. The Group has determined historical loss rates for each aging category of trade

receivables by performing an in-depth analysis of historical losses.

The Group has considered a number of factors in determining appropriate expected credit loss rates, including macro-economic
factors and asset-specific indicators such as customer correspondence, default or delinquency in payment and significant

financial difficulties of the customer.


===== page 160 =====
158

Annual Report 2021

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

15. Trade and other receivables continued

Gross Net

Expected carrying Loss carrying

loss rate amount allowance amount

% £'000 £000 £'000

<31 days 117% 9,813 (115) 9,698
31-60 days 1.84% 4,080 (75) 4,005
61-90 days 3.87% 1,671 (65) 1,606
91-120 days 787% 321 (25) 296
1214 days 16.06% 612 (98) 514
At 31 March 2021 16,497 (378) 16,119
Gross Net

Expected carrying Loss carrying

loss rate amount allowance amount

% £'000 £000 £000

<31 days 1.60% 11,787 (189) 11,598
31-60 days 2.08% 5,332 (111) 5,221
61-90 days 416% 913 38) 875
91-120 days 7.59% 293 22) ani
121+ days 14.91% 1,095 (163) 932
At31 March 2020 19,420 (623) 18,897

The movement in the Group's allowance for expected credit losses in the year is summarised below:

Fy 21 FY 20
Allowance for expected credit losses: £'000 £'000
At 1 April 523 447
Charge for the period - 76
Uncollected amounts written off, net of recoveries (145) -
At 31 March 378 523

During the current year, the Group has released an amount in relation to a historic balance from FY 16, which was fully provided
for in prior years. Alpha continues to work with the related client.

Amounts relating to the capitalisation of non-distinct software implementation costs, incurred in advance of the commencement
of the client's licence period, are recognised in current and non-current assets. Non-current capitalised implementation costs
are presented on the face of the consolidated statement of financial position. These current and non-current implementation
assets are primarily in relation to ADS contracts within the UK segment, and total £0.3m as at 31 March 2021 to be amortised
over an expected life equivalent to the contracted licence period. Amortisation recognised in the period in respect of these costs
amounted to £0.2m. No impairment was deemed necessary in the period. No significant judgements have been made in
determining the amount of costs to be capitalised, which primarily comprise costs within scope of IAS 19 Employee Benefits.

Contract receivables are recognised in accrued income and relate to satisfied performance obligations recognised and not
invoiced at the year end. All such contract receivables are expected to be realised within one year and classified within current
assets. Contract receivables are recorded on a time spent basis and as performance obligations are met on agreed fees and day
rates, billed in arrears. These are typically short-term timing differences that are administrative in nature at each year end date.
Contract receivable payments are due on standard terms once the invoices are raised. The contract receivables movement in
the year represents these timing differences across contracts at each year end.

The expected credit loss calculated on accrued income and contract receivables was not material at the current or prior year
ends. For analysis of the maximum exposure to credit risk at 31 March 2021, refer to note 22.


===== page 161 =====
189

Annual Report 2021

16. Cash and cash equivalents

FY 21 FY 20
£7000 £000
Cash and cash equivalents 34,012 25,996
Revolving credit facility - (6,000)
Net cash 34,012 20,996
17. Trade and other payables
Restated
FY2t FY 20
Note £'000 £7000
Trade payables 1,780 2,329
Accruals 16,215 12,863
Deferred income 1,692 1,336
Taxation and social security 4,352 4,213
Other creditors 1,210 1,578
Earn out and deferred consideration 13 1,992 3,699
Total amounts owed within 1 year 27,241 26,018

Trade payables comprise amounts outstanding for trade purchases and ongoing costs. The Directors consider that the carrying
amount of trade and other payabics is a reasonable approximation of their fair value.

Accruals included a batanco for tho employee profit share bonus accrued through the ycar and paid after the ycar end. FY 21
accruals also include amounts due to senior management in lieu of COVID-19 related salary sacrifices, which were repaid shortly
after the year end.

Deferred income recognises contract liabilities arising from the Group's revenue generating activities relating to payments received
in advance of performance delivered under a contract. These contract liabilities typically arise on short-term timing differences
between performance obligations in some milestone or fixed fee contracts and their respective contracted payment schedules.
The contract liability movement in the year represents these timing differences across contracts at each year end. The following
table sets out the revenue recognised in the current year that relates to carry-forward contract liabilities, and the current and
non-current liabilities recognised in the current year that have been deferred to future reporting periods. All current deferred income
is expected to be recognised through revenue within one year. Movements in the year predominantly relate to the underlying
operations of the business, and no material contract liabilities were recognised in relation to changes in estimates or contract
modifications. There were no contract modifications in the year that resulted in the recognition of revenue from performance
obligations satisfied in previous periods.

FY 21 FY 20

Note £000 £7000

Contract liabilities relating to contracts with customers at the start of the year 17, 18 1,536 662
Increase in contract liabilities during the year 2,046 1,336
(Gains)/losses from foreign exchange (60) -
Contract liabilities released during the year (1,336) (662)
Balance at the end of the year 17,18 1,996 1,336

Unperformed balances represent the revenue that the Group will earn from customers when the Group satisfies the remaining
performance obligations in certain contracts. These mainly relate to ADS’s multi-year contracts that range between 1 and 5 years,
in which software access revenuc is recognised over the access period.

® Refer to the "IFRS 3 adjustment in respect of prior year acquisition” section of note 1 for further detail on this restatement.


===== page 162 =====
160

Annual Report 2021

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

17. Trade and other payables continued

The following table sets out the aggrogate amount of the contracted trancaction prico allocated to porformanco obligations that
are unsatisfied or partly satisfied at the year-end date. Unperformed balances relating to contracts with an expected original life
of less than 1 year are not disclosed. Similarly, the Group has adopted the practical expedient not to disclose amounts under
longer-term contracts in which the revenue is to be invoiced on agreed day rates. Revenue from unperformed performance
obligations is expected to be recognised in the following timeframes.

FY21 FY 20
£7000 £000
To be undertaken and recognised within 1 year 1,676 1,513
To be undertaken and recognised between 1 and 3 years 4,205 1,752
To be undertaken and recognised after 3 years 5 67
Total unperformed performance obligations 2,886 3,332

Within taxation and social security, in the current and prior year, is an existing £1.4m provision relating to historic pre-AIM
admission potential tax treatments. The amount of this tax provision is subject to significant uncertainty. A final position agreed
with a tax authority or through the expiry of a tax audit period could differ from the estimated provision. Currently there are no
significant ongoing tax audits. Whilst a range of outcomes is reasonably possible, the extent of the range is a:potontial liability of
between £1.2m and £2.2m.

Earn-out and deferred consideration comprise £2.0m relating to deferred concidoration paymonte arising from tho acquisition of
Axxsys Limited at the balance sheet date.

18. Other non-current liabilities

FY21 FY 20

Note £000 £000

Earn-out and deferred consideration ° 13 9,071 6,864
Deferred income 304 -
Other non-current liabilities 1,362 240
Total amounts owed after 1 year 10,737 7104

Within non-current liabilities is £4.4m associated with the potential earn out payments linked to the acquisition of Obsidian Solutions
Limited, contingent on performance and falling due over 12 months from the balance sheet date. In addition, £4.7m of costs are
included within non-current liabilities relating to deferred consideration and earn-out payments from the Axxsys Limited acquisition
falling due over 12 months from the balance sheet date. Refer to note 13 for further detail.

Deferred income recognises contract liabilities arising from the Group's revenue generating activities rolating to payments received
in advance of performance delivered under a contract. Deforred income recognised as non current entirely relatos to contracts held
within the ADS business, where revenue is sometimes recognised over a contractual licence period of greater than 1 year. For
further details refer to note 17.

Other non-current liabilities include an estimate of the social security costs that may become due on future vesting of share
options. Refer to note 21.


===== page 163 =====
161

Annual Report 2021

19. Note to the cash flow statement

Non-cash changes ]

Pre-paid Lease
arrangement —_ accounting Foreign
4 April2020 “Cashflow Other changes fees adjustments exchange 31 March 2021
£7000 £000 £7000 £7000 £1000 £'000 £'000
Cash and cash equivalents 25,996 9,599 - - - (1,583) 34,012
Bank borrowings (8,000) 5,000 - - = = =
Net cash 20,996 14,599 - - - (1,583) 34,012
Less: cash and cash equivalents (25,996) (9,599) - - - 1,583 (34,012)
Leases (2,669) ont - - (203) 68 (1,893)
Interest and bank loan fees (14) 486 (217) (307) - - (82)
Liabilities arising from financing (7,683) 6,397 (217) (307) (203) 68 (1,945)
20. Called up share capital
FY21 FY 20
Number Number
Alloted, called up and fully paid
Ordinary 0.075p shares (1 vote per share) 106,521,966 103,607,638
FY 21 FY 20
£ £
Alloted, called up and fully paid
Ordinary 0.075p shares (1 vote per share) 79,891 77,708
Movements in share capital during the year ended 31 March 2021:
£
Balance at 1 April 2020 77,706
103,607,638 ordinary shares of 0.075p each
Issued shares (i) 2,185
Balance at 31 March 2021 79,891

106,521,966 ordinary shares of 0.075p each

(i) During the year, the Group issued 2,914,328 ordinary shares of 0.075p each.

Alpha employee benefit trust

The Group held 4,413,628 (FY 20: 2,669,429) shares in the employee benefit trust (“EBT”) comprising shares held to satisfy share
options granted under its joint share ownership plan (“JSOP") or unallocated ordinary shares to satisfy share options granted under
the Group's other share option plans. Ordinary shares held within the EBT have no dividend or voting rights.

During the year, 2,156,511 ordinary shares were transferred by the Company to the EBT for potential future satisfaction of share
incentive plans, either through the issuance of new shares or the transfer of shares bought back from prior employees at nominal
value. Of these, the Company bought back a total of 226,130 ordinary shares from prior employees for nominal value. All of the
reclaimed shares will be held in the EBT for the satisfaction of future employee awards.

In the period 412,312 shares held in the EBT were utilised for employee share option exercises.

Treasury shares

The Group held nil (FY 20: nil) shares in treasury from prior employees for nominal value.


===== page 164 =====
162

Annual Report 2021

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued
21. Share-based payments

The Group has adopted a globally consistent share incentive plan approach, which is implemented using efficient jurisdiction
specific plans, as appropriate.

The Management Incentive Plan

The Group has a management incentive plan (“MIP”) to retain and incentivise the directors and senior management. The MIP.
consists of four parts: part A of which will enable the granting of enterprise management incentive and non-tax advantaged options
to acquire shares; part B of which will enable the awarding of JSOPs; part C of which will enable the awarding of restricted stock
units (“RSUs”) for participants in the US; and Part D of which will enable the awarding of RSUs in France (together the “options”).

Options granted in prior years to the directors and senior management of the Group were subject to the fulfilment of two or more
of the following performance conditions: (a) a specific business unit's budgetary EBITDA, or other personal targets and goals;

(b) the Group achieving a total shareholder return for the 3 years from date of award in excess of the average total shareholder
return of a peer group of comparable companies; and (c) the Group achieving at least 10% EPS growth against the comparative
financial year.

As disclosed in the prior year, responding to the impact of COVID-19, options granted to senior management in the current
period were subject to more flexible performance criteria. For most participants these include local budget targets and a variety
of stretching personal sales or other targets. Awards made in the period to the Executive Directors’ of the Board are, as before,
also subject to the Group achieving a total shareholder return for the 3 years from the date of grant, in excess of the average
total shareholder return of a peer group of comparable companies.

MIP awards have either nil exercise price payable (or no more than a nominal purchase price payable) in order to acquire shares
pursuant to options. MIP awards have either 3- or 4-year vesting periods from the date of grant and can be equity settled only.

The Employee Incentive Plan

In addition to the MIP, the Board has previously put in place a medium-term employee incentive plan (“EIP”). Under the EIP,

a broad base of the Group's employees has been granted share options or share awards over a small number of shares. The EIP
is structured as is most appropriate under the local tax, legal and regulatory rules in the key jurisdictions and therefore varies
between those jurisdictions.

During the year ended 31 March 2021, a total of 3,376,744 share option and award grants were made to employees and senior
management (FY 20: 3,374,881).

On 12 October 2020, certain of the MIP awards granted at the time of the October 2017 AIM admission partially vested, following
satisfaction of performance conditions. The awards’ performance conditions relating to EPS growth and total shareholder return
exceeding a basket of comparable companies over 3 years to the vesting date were met in full and the relevant local country or
divisional budgetary performance conditions were met in full or part, dependent on Alpha location. As a result, 1,818,562 nil or
nominal cost awards over ordinary shares of 0.075 pence per share vested and 164,360 share awards were forfeited under
performance conditions or as a result of leavers before vesting.

Subsequently, a number of these share options and a small number of EIP awards were exercised in the year. Of the vested awards,
1,443,562 awards have been exercised. The Company settled these exercised awards by issuing 983,947 ordinary shares and an
additional 412,312 from shares held in the EBT, with 47,303 additional share options retained for net tax settlement. The weighted
average share price at the date of these exercises was £2.23. The remaining vested award holders have a further 7-year period in
which to exercise their vested awards.


===== page 165 =====
163

Annual Report 2021

Details of the share option awards made are as follows:

FY 24
Weighted
Number of average
share options _ exercise price
Outstanding at the beginning of the year 6,490,661 -
Granted during the year 3,376,744 -
Exercised during the year (1,443,562) -
Forfeited during the year (809,874) -
Expired during the year - =
Outstanding at the year end ‘ 7,613,969 -
Exercisable at the year end 375,000 -

The options outstanding at 31 March 2021 had a weighted average remaining contractual life of 2 years and a nil or nominal
exercise price. The weighted average of the estimated fair values of the options outstanding is £1.23 per share (FY 20: £0.77).

Ouring the year ended 31 March 2021, options were granted on 22 July 2020, 14 August 2020 and 13 January 2021 to employees
and certain senior management.

MIP share options awarded in prior years and to Executive Directors in FY 21 were valued at award using the Monte Carlo option
pricing model. The model simulates a variety of possible results, across 10,000 iterations for each of the options, by substituting
a range of values for any factor that has inherent uncertainty over a number of scenarios using a different set of random values
from the probability functions. The model takes any market-based performance conditions into account and adjusts the fair value
of the options based on the likelihood of meeting the stated vesting conditions.

The inputs into the model were as follows:

FY 21
Weighted average share price at grant date £1.94
Exercise price -
Volatility 22.00%
Weighted average vesting period 4 years
Risk free rate 0.44%
Expected dividend yield 3.00%

Expected volatility was determined by calculating the historic volatility of the market in which the Group operates. The expected
expense calculated in the model has been adjusted, based on management's best estimate, for the effects of non market-based
performance conditions and employee attrition.

MIP share options without market-based conditions granted to senior management in FY 21 and EIP share options outstanding
were valued using a Black-Scholes model, using the same inputs as above for FY 21 awards.

The Group recognised a total expense of £2.5m (FY 20: £1.3m) in the current year, comprising £1.7m (FY 20: £0.9m) in relation to
equity settled share-based payments, and £0.8m (FY 20: £0.4m) relating to relevant social security taxes. Given the estimation,
were the future conditions for all outstanding share options assumed to be met at the end of the reporting period, the charge in
the year would increase by £1.0m.

Other assumptions associated with the calculation of the social security tax liability due on vesting of share options include an
estimation of the forward-looking share price at the vesting date based on applicable analyst research and applicable future tax
rates. For these purposes, share price is assumed to grow in line with the estimated future performance of the business.
Accelerating the future share price growth estimate could increase the social security costs by a further £0.3m.


===== page 166 =====
164

Annual Report 2021

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued
22. Financial instruments

Carrying amount of financial instruments
The carrying amounts of the financial assets and liabilities include:

Restated
FY 21 FY 20
£000 £000
Financial assets measured at amortised cost
Cash and cash equivalents 34,012 25,996
Trade and other receivables . (i) 16,639 20,185
Total financial assets 50,651 46,181
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
Interest bearing loans and borrowings - (6,000)
Trade and other payables (ii) (25,549) (24,682)
Lease liabilities (1,893) (2,669)
Other non-current liabilities (ii) (10,433) (7,104)
Total financial liabilities (37,875) (39,455)

() Trade and other receivables includes contract receivables but excludes other debtors and prepayments.
(i) Trade and other payables and other non-current liabilities exclude contract liabilities.

The book value of the financial instruments is deemed to be approximate to fair value. There has been no impairment loss
recognised in the current or prior years in respect of financial assets.

The Group's financial instruments comprise cash and cash equivalents, items such as trade payables and trade receivables that
arise directly from its operations, and bank borrowings. These financial instruments arise in the ordinary course of business and
their main purpose is to provide finance for the Group’s operations.

The Group's operations expose it to a variety of financial risks including market risk, credit risk, liquidity risk, interest rate risk
and foreign currency exchange rate risk. The Board has overall responsibility for internal control and risk management by the
Group. In this structure, the Audit and Risk Committee manages the processes of reviewing the quality of internal controls that
are related to the financial performance of the Group, as delegated by the Board. The policies set by the Board of Directors are
implemented by the Company's finance team.

Market risk
Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, including foreign exchange and interest rates, will affect the Group's income
or the value of financial instruments held at-the year end. The Directors do not consider this to be a significant risk to the Group.

Credit risk

The Group's credit risk is primarily attributable to its trade receivables. The Group has policies that require appropriate credit
checks on potential customers before sales are made. The Group has provided for a lifetime expected credit loss against the
trade receivables balance at the balance sheet date. Refer to note 15 for further details.

Were the expected credit loss rates applied to receivables by the Group to increase by 1% for each aging category, the resulting
additional credit loss to the Group would be £0.2m.

5 Refer to the 1FRS 3 adjustment in respect of prior year acquisition’ section of note 1 for further detail on this restatement.


===== page 167 =====
165

Annual Report 2021

Interest rate risk

The Group has interest-bearing assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Interest-bearing assets comprise only cash and cash
equivalents that earn interest at a variable rate. The Group's revolving credit facility attracts a variable rate of interest. Given the
Group's limited indebtedness, the Directors do not currently engage in hedging transactions and will revisit the appropriateness
of this policy should the Group's operations change in size or nature. The Group has no derivative transactions outstanding at
31 March 2021.

As at 31 March 2021, given the low levels of interest charged on these balances, if LIBOR had increased or decreased by 0.5%,
the effect on post-tax profit and equity would have been minimal.

The Group maintains a committed revolving credit facility (*RCF”) alongside its cash balances, designed to ensure that it has
sufficient available funds for operations and planned expansions. The Group monitors its levels of working capital to ensure that
it can meet its debt repayments as they fall due.

Financial risk
The Group is liable for contingent earn-out payments on the acquisitions of Axxsys and Obsidian in the prior year and, as at
31 March 2021, holds a liability that represents the fair value of amounts that may become payable.

The fair value is determined by estimating the expected payment, discounted to present value, using a risk-adjusted discount
rate. The expected payment is determined separately in respect of each individual earn-out agreement, taking into consideration
the expected level of financial performance of each acquisition. To address the associated estimation uncertainty, the Group has
applied the following sensitivities:

If the discount rates to the acquisitions were to be 5% higher or lower than that assumed by management, the fair value of
the liability recognised within the Group would change by £0.2m.

© Were the financial performance achieved by the Group's acquisitions in the remaining earn-out period to decrease or increase
by 5%, there would be no change to the fair value of the recognised liability for either acquisition.

The Directors have also considered a reasonable range of circumstances, including the ongoing residual market uncertainty resulting
from the COVID-19 pandemic, to sensitise the forecast cash flows to calculate reasonable estimated earn-out pay-out ranges.
The Axxsys undiscounted earn-out payment could reasonably be expected to range from £4.2m to £5.0m, reflecting the good
performance of Axxsys to date, current Axxsys trading expectations alongside the earn-out mechanics. The Directors consider
the Obsidian undiscounted earn-out payment could reasonably be expected to range from £5.3m to £9.3m. This estimated range
reflects the stretching growth targets required through the earn-out period, the profile of potential earn-out payments weighted
toward the later earn-out years and the structure of the Obsidian earn-out arrangement.

Foreign currency exchange rate risk

The Group is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk mainly as a result of trade receivables and payables that will be
settled in Euros and US Dollars. During the year, the Group did not enter into any arrangements to hedge this risk, as the Directors
did not consider the exposure to be significant given the short-term nature of the balances. The Group will review this policy as
appropriate in the future.

The impact on the Group's net fee income arising from a 5% adverse movement in all foreign exchange rates relevant to the
Group has been calculated as being £1.0m (1.0%) in FY 21. The same sensitivity would also result in a decrease in the Group's
net assets of £0.8m.

GBP EUR usD CHF SGD NOK DKK AUD CAD RSD HKD
"000 "000 ‘000 "000 ‘000 ‘000 ‘000 ‘000 "000 “000 "000
Trade receivables 7,972 3,948 = 3,184 931 46 381 2,166 741 1,820 - -
Cash 7,786 12,463 (11,636 468 402 8 26,007 3144 3,139 11,818 28
Trade payables (1,069) (154) (393) (18) (22) (188) (220) (361) (49) (1) =

Total 14,689 16,257 14,427 1,381 426 201 27,953 3,524 4,910 11,817 28



===== page 168 =====
166

Annual Report 2021

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued
23. Capital risk management

The Group's objectives when managing capital are to safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern, in order to provide
returns for shareholders and maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

The Group defines capital as being share capital plus all reserves, which amounted to £94.4m as at 31 March 2021 (FY 20:
£91.4m). The Board of Directors monitors the level of capital as compared to the Group's long-term debt commitments and
adjusts the ratio of debt to capital as is determined to be necessary, by issuing new shares, reducing or increasing debt, paying
dividends and returning capital to shareholders. The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements.

24. Related party disclosures

Related parties, following the definitions within IAS 24, are the Group's subsidiary companies, members of the Board, key
management personnel and their families, and shareholders who have control or significant influence over the Group.

The Group considers the Directors to be the key management personnel. There were no transactions within the year in which
the Directors had any interest. The Remuneration Report contains details of Board emoluments (refer to p. 106).

Transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries are on an arm's length basis and have been eliminated on consolidation
and are not disclosed in this note. None of the Group’s shareholders are deemed to have control or significant influence and
therefore are not classified as related parties for the purposes of this note.

25. Ultimate controlling party

As at 31 March 2021 there is no ultimate controlling party of the Group

26. Events after the reporting period

Acquisition of Lionpoint Holdings, Inc.

On 20 May 2021, the Group reached an agreement to acquire 100% of the issued share capital of Lionpoint Holdings, Inc.
(“Lionpoint”), a US-based provider of specialist consultancy services to the alternatives investments industry, on a cash free, debt
free basis for a total amount (payable over 4 years) of up to US$90.0m (£63.8m) in a combination of cash and ordinary shares.

The maximum total cash payable by Alpha under the acquisition is US$73.6m (£52.2m), of which US$34.5m (£24.5m) was paid

on completion. The total cash payable will be funded from the Group’s cash reserves and the proceeds of a May 2021 placing of
9,569,839 new ordinary shares of the Company, issued at a price of 325 pence per share raising gross proceeds of approximately
£31.1m (the “placing"). The new ordinary shares issued represented approximately 9.0% of the issued share capital of the Company.

As at the date of signing these financial statements, given the proximity to the announcement date, the accounting is incomplete
in respect of the valuation of the fair value of the acquiree’s assets and liabilities, and the associated goodwill for this acquisition.

Total voting rights
Following the placing, the Company has a total of 116,091,805 ordinary shares in issue, of which none are held in treasury and
4,413,628 are held in the Company's EBT. The total number of voting rights in the Company is 111,678,177.

This figure of 111,678,177 may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if
they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in the Company, under the Disclosure Guidance and
Transparency Rules of the Financial Conduct Authority.


===== page 169 =====
167

Annual Report 2021
Company statement
of financial position
As at 31 March 2021
Asat As at
31 March 202131 March 2020
Note £'000 £7000
Assets
Non-current assets
Investments 2 1,344 9,234
Deferred tax asset 1,201 517
Amounts owed by group undertakings®* 121,645 =
Total non-current assets 124,190 9,751
Current assets
Trade and other receivables 3 232 111,881
Cash and cash equivalents 4 92 -
Total current assets 324 111,881
Current liabilities
Corporation tax - (370)
Trade and other payables 5 (13,529) (16,468)
Total current liabi S (13,529) (16,838)
Net current (lial 's)/assets (13,205) 95,043
Non-current liabilities
Other non-current liabilities 6 (128) (76)
Total non-current liabilities (128) (76)
Net assets 110,857 104,718
Equity
issued share capital 80 78
Share premium 89,396 89,396
Capital redemption reserve - -
Other reserves 3,907 1,517
Retained earnings 17,474 13,727
Total shareholders’ equity 110,857 104,718

As permitted by section 408 of the Companies Act 2006, a separate statement of comprehensive income of the parent company

has not been presented. The parent company’s profit for the year was £5.9m.

The notes on pp 170-71 form part of these financial statements. These financial statements were approved and authorised for

issue by the Board of Directors on 24 June 2021. They were signed on its behalf by:

L chh

John C Paton
Chief Financial Officer

fC

Euan NB Fraser
Global Chief Executive Officer

** Amounts owed by subsidiary undertakings were previously presented within current receivables in FY 20. The Group believes that it is more
representative to present these items within non-current receivables as they are not expected to be settled within the Group's normal operating

cycle, therefore £121.6m has been presented within non-current assets in FY 21


===== page 170 =====
168

Annual Report 2021

Company statement

of cash flows
For the year ended 31 March 2021

Year ended Year ended
31.March 2021 31 March 2020
£'000 £7000
Cash flows from operating ac!
Operating loss for the year (258) (137)
Acquisition related costs - -
Share-based payment charge 220 93
Operating cashflows before movements in working capital (38) (44)
Working capital adjustments:

Increase in trade and other receivables (3,253) (6,912)
Increase in trade and other payables 5,674 6,956
Tax paid 10} =
Net cash generated from operating activities 2,382 -

Cash flows from investing activities:
Acquisition of subsidiary - -
Net cash used in investing activities - -

Cash flows from financing activities:
Issue of ordinary share capital - -
Interest paid (154) -
Dividends paid” (2,136) -
Net cash used in financing activities (2,290) -
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 92 -
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period - -
Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash held = -
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period 92 =

* The “interest paid” balance in the current period relates to interest paid on the Company's revolving credit facility that was drawn down in the first

hall of the period.

5" The “dividends paid” in the current period are reflected in financing activities as they were paid out of the Company's bank account. In the previous
period, the dividends paid amount is included in the “increase in trade and other payables” balance as the Company did not have a bank account

and therefore the payment was made through intercompany.


===== page 171 =====
169

Annual Report 2021
Company statement
of changes in equity
For the year ended 31 March 2021
Capital
Share Share redemption Other Retained
capital premium reserve reserves earnings Total
£7000 £7000 £000 £'000 £'000 £'000
As at 1 April 2019 76 89,396 1 600 13,039 103,112
Comprehensive income
Profit for the period - - - - 6,945 6,945
Transactions with owners
Shares issued (equity) 2 - (1) - (1) -
Share-based payment charge - - - O17 - 917
Dividends = - = - (6,256) (6,256)
As at 31 March 2020 78 89,396 - 1,517 13,727 104,718
Comprehensive income
Profit for the period - - - - 5,885 5,885
Transactions with owners
Shares issued (equity) 2 - - - 2 -
Share-based payment charge - - - 1,693 - 1,693
Net settlement of vested share options - - - (100) - (100)
Current tax recognised in equity - - - 374 - 374
Deferred tax recognised in equity - - - 423 - 423
Dividends - = = - (2,136) (2,136)
As at 31 March 2021 80 89,396 - 3,907 17,474 110,857
Share capital Other reserves
Share capital represents the nominal value of share capital The other reserves represent the cumulative fair value of the
subscribed for. IFRS 2 share-based payment charge to be recognised each
year and equity-settled consideration reserves.

Share premium
The share premium account is used to record the aggregate Retained earnings

amount or value of premiums paid when the Company's shares ‘The retained earnings reserve represents Cumulative net gains.

are issued at a premium, net of associated share issue costs. and losses recognised in the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income.

Capital redemption reserve

The capital redemption reserve is a non-distributable reserve

into which amounts are transferred following the redemption

or purchase of the Company’s own shares.


===== page 172 =====
170

Annual Report 2021

Notes to the Company
financial statements

1. Summary of significant accounting policies

General information

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc (the “Company’) is

a public company incorporated, domiciled and registered in
England, in the UK. The registered number is 09965927 and the
registered address is 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB.

The parent company financial statements present information
about the Company as a separate entity and not about the
consolidated Group.

Basis of preparation

The parent company financial statements have been prepared
in accordance with international accounting standards in
conformity with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

The Company financial statements are prepared on the
historical cost basis. Non-current assets and disposal groups
held for sale are stated at the lower of previous carrying
amount and fair value less costs to sell.

The presentational currency of these financial statements and
the functional currency of the Company is pounds sterling. All
amounts in these financial statements have been rounded to
the nearest £1,000.

Going concern

The Directors have, at the time of approving the financial
statements, a reasonable expectation that the Company and
the Group have adequate resources to continue in operation
for the foreseeable future. For further details please refer to
note 1 of the Group’s consolidated financial statements.

Principal accounting policies

The accounting policies set out below have, unless otherwise
stated, been applied consistently to all periods presented in
these Company financial statements.

Significant judgements and estimates

The Directors have not made any judgements, apart from those
involving estimations, in the process of applying the Company's
accounting policies that are considered to have a significant
effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements
for the period ending 31 March 2021.

The Directors have identified one key area of estimation
considered to have a significant risk of resulting in a material
adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities
within the next financial year.

Share-based payments

Management have estimated the share-based payments
expense under IFRS 2. In determining the fair value of
share-based payments, management have considered several
internal and external factors in judging the probability that
management and employee share incentives may vest and in
assessing the fair value of share options at the date of grant.
Such assumptions involve estimating a number of future
performance and other factors. The fair value calculations have
been externally assessed for reasonableness in the current and
prior period.

Share-based payment charges recorded in the period are in
respect of the share incentives awarded to the Directors of the
Company, as while they are employed by another Group entity,
their services are considered to benefit the Group and the
Company directly.

Shares held in Treasury or by Alpha’s employee benefit

trust (EBT)

Shares held in Treasury or by Alpha’s EBT represent the shares
of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc. These shares are
recorded at cost and are deducted from equity.

Investments in subsidiaries

Investments in subsidiaries

Investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost less any provision
for impairment. The Company monitor for indicators of
impairment at each reporting period, and a full impairment
assessment is performed on an annual basis.

The Directors have deemed that no impairment was required in
both the current and prior years,

Common control transactions

The Company applies a book-value method of transferring
control of subsidiaries between the Company and its wholly
owned subsidiaries. All entities involved in the transfer are part
of a wider economic group, are related parties within the
Group, and are transferred at a value equal to the book value
of the investment held relating to the transferred company at
the date of transfer.

Dividend policy

Group dividends proposed by the Board are recognised in the
financial statements when they have been approved by
shareholders at the AGM. Interim dividends are recognised
when they are paid.


===== page 173 =====
171

Annual Report 2021

Amounts owed by Group undertakings

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are recognised initially
at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost,
less provision for impairment. A provision for impairment of
intercompany receivables is established using an expected
credit loss model.

Employee benefits

Share-based payments

The cost of share-based employee compensation arrangements,
whereby employees receive remuneration in the form of shares
or share options, is recognised as an employee benefit expense
in the statement of profit or loss.

The total expense to be apportioned over the vesting period of
the benefit is determined by reference to the fair value (excluding
the effect of non market-based vesting conditions) at the date
of grant.

In determining the fair value of share-based payments under
IFRS 2, management has considered a number of internal and
external factors in order to judge the probability that
management and employee share incentives may vest. Such
judgements involve estimating future performance and other
non market-based factors.

At the end of each reporting period the assumptions underlying
the number of awards expected to vest are adjusted for the
effects of non-market-based vesting conditions to reflect the
conditions prevailing at that date. The impact of any revisions
to the original estimates is recognised in the statement of profit
or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to equity. Fair value
is measured by the use of a binomial model. The assumptions
have been adjusted, based on management's best estimate,
for the effects of non-transferability, lack of dividend until
vesting and exercise restrictions.

2. Fixed asset investments

The fair value calculations have been externally assessed as
reasonable in the circumstances.

The Company applies an intra-Group recharge arrangement to
the share-based payments charge relating to employees of
other entities within the wider Group, to reflect the benefits
received by the respective entity in relation to employees
granted share options.

The Company is deemed to be the settling entity in the
intra~Group arrangement, as share options granted are in relation
to ordinary shares of the Company, and recognises the share-
based payments charge for the full Group in other reserves.
The Company's subsidiaries are considered to be the receiving
entities in the arrangement, in line with the benefit received for
services provided through ongoing employment.

Amounts relating to employees who provide services directly to
the Company are recorded as an equity settled share-based
payment charge through the Company's statement of
comprehensive income and are not recharged. The remaining
charge in relation to employees who provide services to other
Group entities is recharged through amounts owed to Group
undertakings, with a charge recognised within the profit and
loss of the respective entities.

Other significant accounting policies

Other significant accounting policies are consistent with those
presented within the notes to the Group's consolidated
financial statements.

Changes in accounting policy

Several standards, interpretations and amendments to existing
standards became effective for the year ended 31 March, and
that will become effective in subsequent periods, as detailed on
Pp. 139 of the Group accounts, none of which had a material
impact on the Company.

£000
Cost
At 1 April 2019 1,344
Additions 7,890
At 31 March 2020 9,234
Disposals (7,890)
At 31 March 2021 1,344

The Company's fixed asset investments are all in relation to investments in subsidiaries. The Company held no tangible fixed assets

in the current and prior year.

Disposals in the year relate to the transfer of the ownership of 100% of the share capital of Axxsys Limited to the Company's subsidiary,
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited, on 25 February 2021. Ownership has been transferred at a consideration of
£7,890,000, which represents the carrying amount of the investment held by the Company at the acquisition date, and at the
date of transfer. Therefore, no gain or loss has been recognised in the period in relation to the transfer of Axxsys ownership.


===== page 174 =====
172

Annual Report 2021

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

2. Fixed asset investments continued

The undertakings in which the Group and Company had interest at the period end of more than 20% are as follows:

Class and Class and
percentage of percentage of
Country of Registered Principal shares held shares held
Subsidiary undertakings incorporation address activity 31 March 2021 31 March 2020
Alpha FMC Trustee Limited UK 1 Dormant 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Midco Limited UK 1 Intermediate holding company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Midco 2 Limited UK 1 Intermediate holding company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited UK 1 Intermediate holding company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited UK 1 Intermediate holding company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Group Nominees Limited UK 1 Group services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Group Limited UK 1 Intermediate holding company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Group Limited UK 1 Intermediate holding company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
UK Limited UK 1 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Technology Services
Consulting Limited UK 1 Dormant 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Data Solutions Limited UK 1 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets
Consulting, Inc. USA 2 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
SAS. France 3 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
(Luxembourg) S.A. Luxembourg 4 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Netherlands B.V. Netherlands 5 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Switzerland S.A. Switzerland 6 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Track Two GmbH Germany 7 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore 8 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong 9 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Australia PTY Limited Australia 10 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Axxsys Limited UK an} Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Axxsys Financial Software
Consulting Canada Limited Canada 1 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Axxsys Consulting USA Inc USA 12 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Axxsys Danmark ApS Denmark 13 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Obsidian Solutions Limited UK 1 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Technology Services
Consulting S.A.S. France 3 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Obsidian Alpha Data Solutions LLC Serbia 14 Consultancy services 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha FM Consulting Canada Inc. Canada 15 Consultancy services 100% ordinary N/A

60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB

RON

12 East 49th Street, New York, NY 10017, USA
6 Square de L‘Opéra Louis Jouvet, 75009 Paris, France
19/21 Route d’Arlon — bloc B, L-8009 Strassen, Luxembourg 7 Mergenthalerallee 73-75, 65760 Eschborn, Germany

5 Spaces Zuidas, Barbara Strozzilaan 101, 1083 HN,

Amsterdam, The Netherlands
6 Bleicherweg 10, 8002 Ziirich, Switzerland


===== page 175 =====
173

Annual Report 2022

8 6 Raffles Quay #16-01, Singapore 048580

9 22/F Neich Tower, 128 Gloucester Road, Wanchai,
Hong Kong

10 383-385 George Street, Sydney NSW 2000

11 New Broad Street House, 35 New Broad Street,
London, EC2M 1NH

12. Incorp Services, Inc., One Commerce Center, 1201 Orange

Street #600, Wilmington, Delaware 19899
13 Flaesketorvet 68, DK-1711 Copenhagen, V Denmark
14 Belgrade, Serbia at Bulevar Kralja Aleksandra no.52

15 Suite 1700, Park Place, 666 Burrard Street, Vancouver,

BC V6C2x8, Canada

‘Share capital Profit/(loss)

andreserves —_for the period
Subsidiary undertakings £000 £000
Alpha FMC Trustee Limited - -
Alpha FMC Midco Limited 270 6,000
Alpha FMC Midco 2 Limited 20 6,000
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited 719 5,443
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited 29,425 6,000
Alpha FMC Group Nominees Limited - -
Alpha FMC Group Limited 2 6,000
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited 7,946 5,468
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited 19,023 10,979
Alpha Technology Services Consulting Limited - -
Alpha Data Solutions Limited (2,664) (1,852)
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting, Inc. 1,564 908
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting S.A.S. 8,862 1,545,
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting (Luxembourg) S.A. 1,966 499
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Netherlands B.V. (839) (471)
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Switzerland S.A. (216) (162)
Track Two GmbH (444) (9)
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Singapore Pte. Ltd. 1,253 235
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Hong Kong Limited @) 2
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Australia PTY Limited 340 309
Axxsys Limited 1,487 679
Axxsys Financial Software Consulting Canada Limited 240 Ww
Axxsys Consulting USA Inc - -
Axxsys Danmark ApS 2,234 1,260
Obsidian Solutions Limited 293 7
Alpha Technology Services Consulting S.A.S. 37 6)
Obsidian Alpha Data Solutions LLC 32 33
Alpha FM Consulting Canada inc. 247 243



===== page 176 =====
174

Annual Report 2021

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued
3. Trade and other receivables

FY21 FY 20

£'000 £000
Amounts owed by Group undertakings® - 111,878
Other debtors 232 3
Total amounts due within 1 year 232 111,881

The Directors are satisfied that all outstanding amounts from subsidiary group undertakings are recoverable. Expected credit loss
in relation to non-current and current amounts owed by Group undertakings were immaterial in both the current and prior year.

4. Cash and cash equivalents

FY 21 FY 20

£7000 £'000
Cash in bank and at hand 92 -
Cash and cash equivalents 92 -
5. Trade and other payables

FY 21 FY 20

£7000 £'000
Amounts owed to Group undertakings 12,872 15,496
Other creditors 593 563
Accruals and deferred income 64 409
Total amounts owed within 1 year 13,529 16,468
6. Other non-current liabilities

FY 21 FY 20

£7000 £7000
Other non-current liabilities 128 76
Total amounts owed after 1 year 128 76
7. Financial instruments
Carrying amount of financial instruments
The carrying amounts of the financial assets and liabilities include:

FY 21 FY 20

£000 £000
Financial assets measured at amortised cost 121,969 111,881
Financial assets held at historical cost 1,344 9,234
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost (13,657) (16,544)

The book value of the financial instruments is deemed to be approximate to fair value.

5° Amounts owed by subsidiary undertakings were previously presented within current receivables in FY 20. The Group believes that it is more representative
to present these items within non-current receivables as they are not expected to be settled within the Group's normal operating cycle.


===== page 177 =====
175

Annual Report 2021

The Company's financial instruments comprise intercompany receivables and trade and other payables. These financial instruments
arise in the ordinary course of business and their main purpose is to provide finance for the Group’s operations.

The Group's operations éxpose it to credit risk arising from intercompany receivables. Management has overall responsibility for
internal control and risk management by the Company. The policies set by management are implemented by the Company's
finance team.

Credit risk

The Company’s credit risk is primarily attributable to its intercompany receivables. The Company provides financing to other
entities within the Group on an unsecured and typically interest-free basis, repayable on demand. There is no collateral held on
these receivable balances. The expected credit loss on the Company's financial assets is measured annually based on historical
datapoints and an assessment of the forward-looking probability of default. The expected credit loss on the Company's
intercompany receivables is immaterial in the year ended 31 March 2021.

The Directors consider the intercompany receivables to represent a low credit risk and credit risk is not considered to have
increased significantly since initial recognition. The wider Group has a strong liquidity position and there is no current expectation
by the Directors for repayment of the intercompany balances.

8. Related parties

None of the Directors were paid any remuneration from the Company during the year, other than dividends. Remuneration, as
detailed in the Remuneration Report on p. 106, was paid to the Directors via another Group company and therefore is not
recognised in the Company’s statement of comprehensive income.


===== page 178 =====
176

Annual Report 2021

SASB Disclosure

The mission of the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board
(“SASB’) is to develop and disseminate sustainability accounting
standards that help public corporations disclose material,
decision-useful information to investors. The Group is supportive
of the SASB framework as il allows viyanisations to provide
comparable and consistent ESG-related data.

As a “professional and commercial services” organisation under
SASB, the material factors according to the SASB framework
are as follows:

* Data security;
* Workforce diversity & engagement; and
* Professional integrity.

The below tables provide the numeric metrics relating to theco
factors over the past 12 months where applicable, in addition
to the internal frameworks used to manage these risks on an
ongoing basis. Further qualitative data for each of the material
factors is provided throughout the Annual Report. The Group
also recognises the increasing importance of the environment
to its investors, employees and other stakeholders, which it
describes in addition to the required disclosure.

Topic

Data Security Risk Management: p. 43, p. 47

Workforce Diversity & Engagement Diversity and Inclusion: pp 62-67

Professional Integrity Community and Corporate Social Responsibility: pp 68-73

Environment (additional to SASB requirements)

Environment and Sustainability: pp 74-77

ESG metrics:

Topic: Data Security

Measurement FY 21 FY 20 SASB Code
Number of data breaches = 1° SV-PS-230a.3

Description of approach to identifying and addressing data
security risks: SV-PS-230a.1

Alpha references a comprehensive global framework for
managing the dynamic and evolving risks surrounding cyber
and data security. Protecting the confidentiality, integrity and
availability of information across all systems remains paramount
within Alpha’s IT and data security strategy. Alpha's approach
is regularly assessed and updated as global data protection
regulations evolve further.

As part of this framework, Alpha has identified a number of key
risk areas that are regularly monitored and considered including:
the misuse of data; accidental or intentional dissemination of
data; loss, theft or compromise of data and/or information;
incorrect data being used for internal or external purposes; and
unauthorised access of equipment and/or physical resources.

Internal Policies and Governance

Alpha maintains a suite of information security policies, which are
reviewed, updated and approved by the Global Coordination
Committee on an annual basis.

* Further details: A cyber security event (a social engi

These policies are based upon best practice from the National
Institute of Standards and Technology ("NIST") framework. Policies
include but are not limited to:

* Acceptable Use

* Access Control

* Antivirus and threat management

* Asset Management

* Data Privacy

* Data Encryption

* Information Security Training

* Password Management

* Secure Development

* Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery.

The information security policies attest to the responsibility,
governance and business practices that Alpha applies to
the topics surrounding IT and data security, and enable the
Group to validate information security and risk posture on a
constant basis.

er attack) occurred, which was contained within an hour of it being identified, and all impacted

individuals were notified. The security event was notified to the ICO, however investigation concluded that no further action was required given the
facts of the event and the remedial measures undertaken, The incident was reported to the Action Fraud Police. A number of responsive actions also
took place, including: emphasis on user awareness training; enhancement of email protection and anti-spoofing controls; global application of
multi-factor authentication ("MFA"); development of security operations centre for enhanced monitoring and threat analytics,


===== page 179 =====
177

Annual Report 2021

Senior Oversight and Executive Sponsorship

The Group Technology Steering Committee met seven times
during the year. Chaired by the Global IT & Infrastructure Manager,
supported by the Group's Information Security Lead, it is the
primary governance forum for the oversight and management
of incidents, risks, and remedial activities pertaining to Alpha’s
IT, infrastructure, and information security function. Membership
of the forum includes the Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial
Officer and management representation from across the
global offices.

The standing meeting agenda for discussion includes: global
technology updates, operational IT reports and dashboards,
security operations, strategy and workload discussion.

Workforce Training and Awareness

All global Alpha omployces are trained and empowered to take
rocponcibility for data cocurity across the organisation. Mandatory
data handling and cybersecurity training is issued annually with
a positive pass required of each employee. This mandatory
annual training is supplemented throughout the year through
“AlphaAware”: a series of internally developed user awareness
training modules.

Social enginooring accocemonts are additionally undertaken no
lose than twico a year, with analysis and benchmarking against
industry average statistics. Technical safeguards such as
multifactor authentication ("MFA"), secure email gateway, and
phishing reporting are also implemented.

Cloud Security and Monitoring

Alpha continued to invest in market-leading cloud technologies
to ensure a multi-layered approach in defending its infrastructure,
people and data from emerging cyber threats. Using these
platforms, Alpha had deployed a broad range of technical
controls around encryption, intrusion detection and prevention,
data leak prevention, traffic inspection, and threat scanning.
Additionally, now technologios aro regularly evaluated as Alpha
continues to assess the security landscape and identifies
potential changes in risk.

Proactive monitoring across Alpha’s core infrastructure is
undertaken by the security operations centre ("SOC"), for
which Alpha leverages a qualified third party (Commissum
Cybersecurity). The SOC enables the organisation to assess.
robustly alerts and events, correlate with threat intelligence
and take the appropriate course of investigation.

Robust Incident and Breach Response

‘Aipha’s protection and privacy governance is overseen by the
Chief Operating Officer and comprises representation from the
IT infrastructure, operations, legal and client delivery teams.

As part of this governance, Alpha operates a cohesive global
incident response and breach management function, which
ensures that the business is able to assess appropriately the
impact of any data security incidents, and ensure that the right
remedial actions take place. The response function manages
timely containment of any incident(s), impact assessment,

and handles both internal and external notifications (if and
when required).

During the previous 12 months, there were zero (0) reportable
data breaches.

Alpha fully understands its important custodial obligations around
protecting internal, employee and client information. In line with
this, Alpha has implemented and annually reviews a global data
protection policy and a privacy statement, which comprises relevant
privacy notices relating to different areas of the business. Alpha's
privacy statement explains the types of information cullecled

and processed, governance of the usage attributed to this data
collection, and outlines the appropriate data retention schedules.

In accordance with the privacy statement, Alpha collects and

processes contact and organisational information for legitimate
business purposes, safeguarded by a suite of technical controls
to mitigate the risk of data breaches arising from external threats.

Description of policies and practices relating to collection,
usage, and retention of customer information: SV-PS-230a.2
All systems and applications are configured on a least-privilege
basis, ensuring access to data is appropriate by job function.
All cloud platforms are assessed at the point of implementation
and annually thereafter to assess data residency and ongoing
compliance with the appropriate regional legislations.

To further mitigate risks associated with data handling, Alpha
has deployed several risk controls including:

* Annual review and approval of global information securily
policies by the Global Coordination Committee;

* Clear lines of responsibility and engagement across the
global data protection governance, overseen by the Chief
Operating Officer;

© Training and awareness to promote good cyber hygiene
and build a security aware culture;

* Social engineering assessments across the global workforce,
robustly analysed to benchmark attack susceptibility against
industry averages;

* SOC performaning real-time infrastructure monitoring,
correlating events and alerts with threat analytic feeds and
other sources of intelligence;

* Adoption of a cloud-first IT architecture model, built upon
zero-trust security principles:

* Due diligence, vetting and annual auditing of cloud providers
is undertaken to validate information security and risk posture
around these applications;

¢ Regular external collaboration with cybersecurity specialists.


===== page 180 =====
178

Annual Report 2021

SASB Disclosure continued
Topic: Workforce Diversity & Engagement®

Measurement SASB Code
Percentage of gender representation SV-PS-330a.1
Male Female Other Nae
Level Fy2iFY20 FY21_ ~FY20 FY2i FY20  FY21_ FY20
Directors and equivalent 91.2% 90.0% 88% 10.0% 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 0.0%
Managers, senior managers,
associate directors
and equivalent 73.9% 73.2% 261% 26.8% 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 0.0%
Analysts, consultants
and equivalent 56.7% 61.5% 421% 385% 0.0% 0.0% 1.2% 0.0%
Overall split 69.8% 70.4% 29.8% 29.6% 0.0% 0.0% 0.5% 0.0%
Measurement ‘SASB Code
Percentage of racial/ethnic group representation (UK)? SV-PS-330a.1
Asian or Black or Mixed White or
Asian British Black British Background White British Other NA
Level Fy21FY20 FY2i_ FY20 FY21 FY20  FY21_ FY20 FY21 FY20 FY2i FY20
Directors and equivalent 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 90.6% 88.0% 0.0% 0.0% 9.4% 12.0%
Managers, senior managers,
associate directors
and equivalent 11.3% 8.0% 17% 2.0% 52% 3.0% 75.7% 81.0% 17% 2.0% 43% 3.0%
Analysts, consultants
and equivalent 26.8% 20.0% 56% 6.0% 1.4% 3.0% 64.8% 69.0% 0.0% 10% 14% 0.0%
Overall split 14.7% 11.0% 28% 3.0% 3.2% 3.0% 74.3% 78.0% 0.9% 2.0% 41% 3.0%
Measurement ‘SASB Code
Percentage of racial/ethnic group representation (NA) SV-PS-330a.1
Black or Hispanic
Asian African American or Latino White Other NA
Level Fy2tFY20 FY21 FY20 FY2i FY20 FY21 FY20 FY21_ FY20 FY21_ FY20
Directors and equivalent 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 100.0% 100.0% 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 0.0%
All other employees 20.6% 196% 16% 0.0% 3.2% 1.8% 60.3% 71.4% 79% 1.8% 63% 54%
Overall split 18.8% 18.0% 14% 0.0% 29% 16% 63.8% 73.8% 7.2% 16% 58% 49%
Measurement FY 21 FY 20 SASB Code
Voluntary turnover rate for employees 8.0% 8.3%  SV-PS-330a.2
Employee engagement as a percentage 70.4% 63.5%  SV-PS-330a.3

= Givi
as well as business operations teams.

® “NA* refers to unknown, undisclosed or prefer not to say.

® Percentage of racial/ethnic group representation does not include the Axxsys business in UK and NA; the Group will review how it can expand the
data group to provide a more global view of how itis performing against the topic.

* tn FY 20 employee cngagement was a blended rate taken from anonymous engagement ourvoys and global poor group foodback coccions. In FY 21,
as the COVID-19 pandemic emerged, the Group quickly implemented regular pulse surveys to assess and respond to employees’ health and
wellbeing. Hence. global peer group feedback sessions were postponed. As such, the FY 20 figure is restated to only included the anonymous
engagement surveys to provide a comparable basis for FY 21. In FY 22, the Group will look to adjust and if appropriate restate this figure to reflect
the comprehensive nature of its engagement framework.

the nature of the metrics, the percentages used a3 part of the EAEB disclosure refer to total global hoadcount, i.e. feo gonorating consultante


===== page 181 =====
179

Annual Report 2021

Topic: Professional Integrity

Measurement FY 21 FY 20 SASB Code
£ £

Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings

associated with professional integrity - -  SV-PS-510a.2

Description of approach to ensuring professional integrity:
SV-PS-510a.1

Acting with integrity is subscribed into Alpha's core values. To
support this, Alpha maintains clear policies for its employees
‘on such topics as anti-bribery, confidentiality, IT security and
acceptable use, whistleblowing and tax evasion. The Group will
continue to review its adherence to high professional standards,
business ethics and introduce new policies for its teams as
appropriate for the Group’s business model and range of
services. Annual performance reviews include an assessment
of professional integrity and compliance with company policies.
Operating according to strong standards of transparency,
honesty, business ethics and professional integrity means that
Alpha is able to identify, understand and meet consistently the
high expectations of its clients and wider stakeholders.

Alpha is committed to delivering the highest relationship and
delivery standards to all clients and prospective clients. As
part of this commitment, the professional conduct of the
Group is at all times fair and professional, premised upon:

* Promoting Alpha's services honestly and fairly;

* Preserving the confidentiality and privacy of client
businesses;

* Acting lawfully and ethically at all times; and

* Delivering projects in line with the terms of the engagement
as well as any wider Services agreements.

It is the responsibility of the Alpha engagement lead,
supported by the client account owner, to ensure that client
expectations are met on each client project. The Chief
Commercial Officer then oversees the engagement and
satisfaction of clients with the Group’s products and service
offering, ensuring that they are aligned to the Group's high
professional standards.

® This covers losses arising out of legal proceedings against Alpha in connection with its relationship with clients and the delivery of professional

services to its clients.


===== page 182 =====


===== page 183 =====
Annual Report 2021

Company Information

Directors
Euan Fraser
John Paton
Ken Fry
Penny Judd
Jill May

Company Number
09965297

Registered Office
Alpha Financial Markets
Consulting ple

60 Gresham Street
London EC2V 7BB

Auditor

KPMG LLP

St Nicholas House
Park Row
Nottingham NG1 6FQ

Registrar
Computershare
The Pavilions
Bridgwater Road
Bristol BS13 8AE

Design: Graphical www.graphicalagency.com

Photography

Nominated Adviser
Investec Bank plc
30 Gresham Street
London EC2V 7QP

Joint Brokers

Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co.
60 Threadneedle Street
London EC2R 8HP

Investec Bank pic
30 Gresham Street
London EC2V 7QP.

Company Secretary
Prism Cosec Limited

company.secretary@alphafmc.com

Corporate and Investors’ Website

investors.alphafme.com

Client Website
alphafmc.com

Inside back cover, pp 2-3 11, 13, 14, 20, 21, 26, 30, 31,
33, 39 (right), 41, 45, 51, 52-53, 61, 62, 87 (left), 99, 180
by davebrownphoto.com

pp 4, 7, 78-79, 80, 85, 93, 101, 122 by Alistair Lever

pp 17, 22, 35, 73, 120-21 by www.seanthephotographer.com
p. 32 by Rory Craven

pp 34, 87 (right), 97 by www.letsmakeit.fr

pp 39 (left), 77, 109 by Andrew Elko

p. 83 by Bank of England

Directors and Advisers



===== page 184 =====
Aealie, AE

(60[Gresham|Streety
lonckn BCAV ZEB

£54.41 (9)}20767.26)9 500)
ene tihias@elhatinaccm

alphafimctcom

