

===== page 1 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting pic

Annual report and financial statements
Registered number 09965297
31 March 2023

a aa ~~ N
N23* i
A24 10/08/2023 4g:

COMPANIES HOUSE ~

*ACOMBI

THURSDAY


===== page 2 =====
ofour people §*

AnnuallRe poutiofAccounts}202 35mm



===== page 3 =====
Wedleeme to Atahe's 2028
Annual Report ancl Ascounts

Heedeuertarccl in tha UR ancl queteden the AM ef tha Lenco Stack Exchenga,
Atcha Fireneial Markets Consulting ts a leacing gflebel previclar of qpactielist

consulenay sarvicas to the asset MENEGEMEN, Wealth MENACE Emel
ineurence inclustaiss,

Iehas the lengest cleciicatad teem across these incstrics, with nearly O00
Contents glebelly, epereting freun eltantasing ofiisas spanning tie Ui

Armcrica, Gurepe encl APAC, Alpha has works with alll of tha worlds top
20 enclGO% of the werlkls top G0 asst mangas hy AUM, cleng witha wile
fehge of insurance ancl ether buy-cich firm.

For more infranmation, sce the website elahaimaceninvestars

:

[Cor poratel|Governance) [Financialistatements}

[oO Consolidated|statementlory

‘comprehensive income)

F 68M Nomination,committeeeport

© AuchercT

vommitiee report
; Oia 7s Remunerationy
© Guiza ER

Ommitteereport

Notes! E
financial statements)

(Companystatementvor

‘Statementyor, Directorsg

SOmpany
2 lectapeterereant 13 [[Notesitoythe,company]
Keypperformancesndicators| finaniciatstatements

eaten
© eamemec —

———— i 39SASB Disclosure)
YR Chie (ginancial Officers topo.
q

Brincipalrisksanduncertamnlies

@ n

nstatemel

lon-financial information



===== page 4 =====
if]

Highlights

Annual Report & Accounts

2023 1

Financial highlights?

Revenue

£228.7m

(FY 22: £158.0m) +44.8%

Gross pro’

£80.4m

(FY 22: £59.4m) +35.4%

Adjusted* EBITDA

£46.6m

(FY 22; £33.9m) +37.5%

Profit before tax

£25.8m

(FY 22: £14.9m) +73.2%

Adjusted profit before tax

£44.0m

(FY 22: £31.8m) +38.6%

Basic earnings per share

15.82p

(FY 22: 7.69p) +105.7%

Adjusted earnings per share

29.27p

(FY 22: 21.46p) +36.4%

Adjusted cash conversion

74.0%

(FY 22: 112.1%)

Total dividend per share

14.20p

(FY 22: 10.40p) +36.5%

Operational highlights

Eq ror more information
go to pp 12-17

(FY 22: 718)
Includes ail of ti
20 asset managers by AUM,

Clients‘

jorld’s top

alongside a wide range

of insurance and other
buy-side firms

994

Consultants*
(FY 22: 760)

jest calibre
consultants glo!

101

Directors’
(FY 22: 88)
Alpha continues to attract
top talent and expertise

to its global directo

‘All ounding and percentage change calculations are from the basis of the financial statements in £000.
3. The Group uses alternative performance measures (‘APMs") to provide stakeholders further metties to aid understanding of the underlying trading pertormance ol the Group.
‘These measures exclude certain costs including acquisition and integration costs, eam-out and deferred consideration costs and share-based payment charges. Refer to the

Chief Financial Officer's report and note 4 for further details.

Europe, “Top 500 Asset Managers 2022

ervoe

Offices®
(FY 22: 16)

key markets; Melb
dded in the year

abllity to deliver an exceptional

all

ne office

sition of
* strengthens Alpha’

consultancy presence in APAC

‘The Group uses “office” to refer to a client-facing office location: that is, if there are multiple offices in one locaton, they will be counted as one office.

“Consultants” and “headcount” refer to fee-generating consultants at the year end: employed consultants plus ullised contractors in cient-facing roles.
“Directors” relers to tee-generating directors at the year end. All director Increases are presented as net.
“Shoreline” refers to Shoreline Consulting Py Lid, Shoreline Consolidated Ply Ltd and subsidiaries acquired by Alpha on 1 May 2023,

All financial and operating highlights rolate to the year ended 31 March 2023 ("FY 23") and the comparative year is to 31 March 2022 ("FY 22°) unless otherwise specified.

Client numbers are cumulative and have been updated 10 include all client relationships from acquisitions. “World's top 20” and “world’s top 50" refer to investment & Pensions.

alphafme.com


===== page 5 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Strategic Report
Atag
Investment case
Chairman's report
Chief Executiv
Business model
Market overview
Strategy
Looking after our people
Key performance indicators
Section 172
Sustainable business

Chief Financial Officer's report

Principal risks and uncertainties

Non-financial inform.

alphafme.com



===== page 6 =====
alphafme.com



===== page 7 =====
4 Annual Report & Accounts 2023 (a)

Strategic Report

Ata glance

Why we do what we do

Our purpose Our vision

To deliver outstanding outcomes for all our stakeholders: helping our To be the best consulting
clients to make the most of the opportunities in their markets; providing firm in all the sectors in

our people the best corporate experience possible; building a profitable which we operate.
and sustainable business for our investors; and creating a positive impact
on our communities.

How we do it

highly Nurturing the Prioritising
best culture that delivery
propositions with places people at excellence and
best talent in the best the heart of the the best service
the market expertise = for all our cl

What we do

Alpha is a leading consultancy to the asset management, wealth We bring together the specialist industry knowledge, deep
management and insurance industries. We support the client expertise and outstanding focus on delivery excellence of
transformation lifecycle by providing management consulting ‘our global teams to help clients think smarter and shape
and complementary technology services that are highly focused their businesses for the future.

on the industries in which we operate.

Technology consulting

Our technology ¢ ms hav d

knowledge ology platforms
nd models used in the investment sectors. Our

consultants support our clients in leveraging technology

ealth management ai
al is to help client
portunities facin

nd delivering high quality busi

softwar
technology, digitisation and autor
ents delive

Our consultants help clients to work more effectively
when requirements become more complicated, and to
inst strong competiti

Our strategy
|: ne 2 es > ee :
enromyra-tian 5 Roll out the client 4 Make selective
P proposition globally | acquisitions

client proposition

alphafme.com


===== page 8 =====
is]

Annual Report & Accounts 2023 5

Our global story

Then we:

— capitalised on our reputation
for market-leading
consulting advice; and

First, we:

— became known to our
clients for the high quality
of our team; and

— focused on outsourcing,
operational change and
M&A integration, with
emerging distribution and
investment capabilities,

— continued to develop
consulting solutions across
the asset and wealth
management chain.

We have:

— established a global
capability and reputation for
delivering some of the most
challenging and complex
projects in the industry; and

— committed to a growth
strategy that involves -
expanding the business.
organically, including
into the insurance
sector, and through highly

Now we will:

— continue to build scale both
globally and across a range
of existing markets by
growing and differentiating
the service offering; and

— pursue with momentum our
objective to be recognised
as the leading consultancy
to the asset management,
wealth management and
insurance industries globally

Boston (2015)
Toronto (2019)
Denver (2021)
San Francisco (2021)

Edinburgh (2016)

Paris (2010)
Amsterdam (2015)
Geneva (2017)
Zurich (2019)
Copenhagen (2019)
Frankfurt (2021)

complementary acquisitions. - and, ultimately, across
financial services worldwide.
North America United Kingdom Europe APAC
340+ 390+ 200+ 50
consultants consultants , consultants consultants
New York (2009) London (2003) Luxembourg (2008) Singapore (2017)

Sydney (2021)
Melbourne (2023)

alphafme.com

yoday o1Baje4¢



===== page 9 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Strategic Report

At a glance continued

Building on our success

Alpha is launched, 2003 Alpha today

Management
consulting

Asset &
Wealth
Management

Management
consulting

Technology
consulting North America

Asset & Insurance
Wealth
Management

oO =
Maturity key: Target markets Inception

Alpha’s history

2003

Alpha is founded in London
a8 a provider of specialist

consultancy services to the
asset management industry.

alphafme.com

= z

Scale-up Established Leading

2008 2013 2015

Europe presence First private equity Alpha's Diversity &

established, with investment in Alpha Inclusion programme
the opening of the by Baird Capital. is launched.
Luxembourg office,

2009 2014

US presence is Creation of Alpha’s
established, with first Technology
the opening of the Services practice
New York office. in the UK.



===== page 10 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2023

66

Since joining London's Alternative Investment Market (“AIM”)
in October 2017, Alpha has achieved an unbroken record of
growth in revenues and profits as a public company.”

Ken Fry
Chairman

Our focus for the next five years

Management
consulting

Technology .
consulting . : ms North America

Insurance

2016 2019 2023

Investment in Alpha by Dunedin, Creation of the Pensions & Retail Investments practice: Acquisition of Shoreline, a leading
with Baird Capital exiting in ful the start of Alpha's expansion into insurance consulting APAC-based consultancy.
Alpha has ¢. 200 consultants Alpha acquires two more businesses: Alpha continues to grow, reporting the
across seven offices ‘Axxsys, technology specialists for investment most successful financial year to date,
management clients; and Obsidian, expanding with Group revenues of £228.7m.
the Aivig solutions suite.

2017 2021

APAC presence is established, with the opening Acquisition of Lionpoint, extending
of the Singapore office. Alpha's alternatives capabilities
and increasing the global footprint,

Alpha acquires its first complementary business in
particularly in North America,

TrackTwo, which becomes part of Aiviq,

;ecessful AIM admission with a market capitalisation of
Im. Alpha has c. 300 consultants across nine offices.

alphafme.com



===== page 11 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2023

a

Strategic Report

Investment case

alphafme.com

A strong track record

We have a long history of achieving strong growth in net fee
income, cash generation and profitability thanks to our
market-leading consultancy expertise and successful business
model. This has generated attractive returns for our shareholders
since the Group's AIM admission in October 2017.

The best talent

We attract, develop and retain the highest calibre consultants
thanks to our competitive compensation framework, strong
corporate culture and commitment to learning and career
development. This allows us to achieve rapid organic growth
with low rates of attrition.

The best expertise

We are highly specialised in the financial services sectors that we
focus on, unlike many of our competitors. Alpha’s experienced,
expert director team has demonstrated an incredible track record
of anticipating our client needs and developing our proposition

to best serve them.

The best culture

Avery strong people culture creates an environment in which
Alpha’s employees feel passionate about their work, their
colleagues, their communities and serving clients to the best
of our collective ability.

The best service

We have a reputation for delivering complex and challenging projects
to the highest standards. Our record of delivery brings new client
relationships, significant repeat business and cross-selling
opportunities, which help drive market share gains.

The growth opportunity

The global asset management, wealth management and insurance
markets that we service are expected to continue to grow strongly.
They remain subject to long-term trends such as fee pressures,
regulation, technology breakthrough and changing client and ESG
expectations, which underpin clients’ needs for support with their
advisory, change, implementation and technology projects.

28%

net fee income CAGR
since AIM admission

+226%

consultants since
AIM admission

+274%

directors since
AIM admission

new clients since
AIM admission

aim to double the business
again by 2028



===== page 12 =====
i
i
|
i
i

Annual Report & Accounts 2023 9

Chairman's report

Alpha has demonstrated the strength of its strategy
and business model over the past year. We have a clear
and compelling set of objectives and are laying strong
foundations to achieve our ambitious growth plans.

Ken Fry
Chairman

9 The “Board” is Alpha’s Board of Directors, also referred to as
the “Board of Directors’, the “Alpha Board” and the “Directors”.

Since joining London's Alternative Investment Market (“AIM”) in
October 2017, Alpha has achieved an unbroken record of growth
in revenues and profits as a public company. | am therefore
delighted to present the Group's Annual Report and Accounts for
the year to 31 March 2023, which demonstrates another excellent
year across all activities and geographies. This outcome has been
delivered by the extraordinary skill and dedication of Alpha’s
employees all over the world

But before | proceed to talk about governance, the year in

review and outlook, | must thank Euan Fraser for his outstanding
performance as Chief Executive Officer. He has presided over
another excellent year of growth - across our financial KPIs,

client relationships, business proposition and talent base.

The last 10 years under Euan’s leadership as CEO are a very
successful period in Alpha’s rich story in which the platform for
long-term growth for our investors, clients and Alpha’s people has
been built and proven. The Board? and | are delighted to retain
Euan as a strategic adviser. | know that, in Luc Baqué, the Group
has chosen a very worthy successor with the vision, skills and
capabilities to take the business through its next chapter of growth.

Strategy

For the next phase of Alpha's growth plan, the Group has set

the target of doubling the size of the business again by 2028,
leveraging the same growth strategy that has served it well so far:
scaling up and broadening the client proposition, rolling out the
client proposition globally, and making selective acquisitions.

The objective is to build out a multi-boutique model with a strong
culture of cross-selling the Group’s services so that it progressively
deepens its relationship with each client. The Board believes this
approach will deliver outstanding client service and provide the
best opportunities for long-term growth.

66

The Group has achieved the strategic
goal set in November 2020 to double
in size over the four years to
November 2024. Reaching this
target so quickly underlines the
strength and relevance of the

alphafme.com

podey ol6a1eNg


===== page 13 =====
10 Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Strategic Report
Chairman's report continued

Strategy continued

In delivering this strategy, Alpha’s ability to attract and retain the
world’s best specialist consulting talent remains fundamental to
the successful realisation of its ambitions. The Group therefore
provides a highly attractive offering encompassing competitive
compensation, career development, high-quality work in multiple
geographies, recognition and support. These factors, alongside
a focus on offering an excellent corporate culture and inclusive
working environment for all employees, have helped the Group to
increase its consultant numbers by 234 during the year, bringing
the total to 994.

Overview of the financial year

The Group has achieved the strategic goal set in November 2020
to double in size over the four years to November 2024. Reaching
this target so quickly underlines the strength and relevance of the
Group's proposition, the market-leading expertise of its people
and the quality of the executive team.

During the past year, Alpha made excellent progress in all three
areas of its strategic growth agenda. The Group has further
broadened its proposition with particularly strong growth in
Insurance Consulting and, through Lionpoint, services for
alternatives clients. Geographic expansion is also progressing
well, with excellent progress in North America, the Group's key
strategic growth region. Alpha’s third growth pillar, selective
acquisitions, made its latest advance following the year end with
the acquisition of Shoreline, an asset and wealth management
corisullanicy based in sydney. The addition ot Shoreline makes
Alpha the leading specialist asset and wealth management
consultancy in APAC.

The Group delivered an excellent trading performance during

FY 23, continuing the progress we reported at the half year and
achieving double-digit growth in revenues and profits. Net fee
income” increased by 43.9% to £227.2m (FY 22: £157.8m), and
39.6% on an organic basis. Revenue also increased 44.8% to
£228.7m (FY 22: £158.0m). Adjusted EBITDA increased by 37.5%
to £46.6m (FY 22: £33.9m) and operating profit increased by
61.1% to £28.6m (FY 22: £17.8m), which fed through to the
Group's healthy net cash position of £59.2m (FY 22: £63.5m)

alphafme.com

990+

consultants globally

at the year end, leaving the Group well positioned to fund its
growth initiatives over the coming year and beyond.

Governance and the Board

Strong governance, integrity and business ethics are critical to the
Group’s long torm success and its ability to generate sustainable
value for our investors and other stakeholders. These considerations
are fundamental to how the Board manages its discussions and
decisions both as a Board and as individual committees, and we
continue to improve governance aspects alongside the

Group's growth.

The Board also considers ESG" as an important aspect of the
Group's governance and risk management framework, and
recognises its responsibility to guide Alpha’s approach, and
ensure it complies with regulatory requirements and meets the
expectations of its stakeholders. With this in mind, the Board has
now established an ESG Committee, which is chaired by Jill May.
The Committee oversees all components of Alpha's corporate
ESG agenda, and we are delighted to have welcomed both a
dedicated Global Sustainability Manager and a Global Diversity
& Inclusion Manager to support our planning, progress and
roporting linked to this important aroa: Among tho Ioy topics that
the Group is currently focussing on are its preparations to start
reporting under the framework set out by the Task Force on
Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (“TCFD"), and the further
development and global roll-out of our Diversity & Inclusion (“D&I”)
programme and supporting disclosures.

10 The Group uses alternative performance measures ("APMs") to provide stakeholders.
furthor motrice to aid undorotanding of tho undorlying trading portormanco of the Croup.
‘These measures exclude certain costs including acquisition and integration costs.
‘earn-oul and deterred consideration costs and share-based payment charges.

Refer to the Chief Financial Officer's report and nole 4 for {uriher details.

11 Environment, social and governance (‘SG’)


===== page 14 =====
For the next phase of Alpha's
growth plan, the Group has set
the target of doubling the size
of the business again by 2028.”

On 1 April 2023, Luc Baqué succeeded Euan Fraser as Chief
Executive Officer and joined the Board. On stepping down from
the CEO role, Euan became a strategic adviser to the Board
and we are delighted to maintain access to his strong industry
relationships and knowledge of the Group. Alongside the growth
of the Group, to ensure that the Board has suitable support and
advice, we are also very pleased to have appointed an internal
company secretary to work alongside Prism Cosec.

Dividend

Alpha performed ahead of market expectations in FY 23 and the
Board is therefore recommending a 40.0% increase in the final
dividend to 10.50p per share, bringing the total for the year to
14.20p, an increase of 36.5% compared with the 10.40p paid in
respect of FY 22, in line with the Group’s dividend policy, Subject
to shareholder approval at the Annual General Meeting (‘AGM"),
to be held on 6 September 2023, the final dividend will be paid on
19 September 2023 to shareholders on the register at close of
business on 8 September 2023.

Aiviq named in the
“WealthTech Top 100” (2023)

WEALTHTECHIOO
2023

Annual Report & Accounts 2023 nN

Alpha ranked as the “14th Best
Large Company to Work For

in the UK" as well as a "World
Class Company to Work For”
in the Best Companies 2022

Outlook

The Board is delighted with the Group's performance over the
past year. Alpha has delivered a set of excellent results against

a backdrop of macro-economic uncertainty, and has entered the
current year with both a good pipeline across the Group and
clear plans to achieve its strategic ambitions of doubling the
business by 2028

Although we are facing continuing macro-economic uncertainty
and some increased competition in the global consulting market,
the structural drivers that underpin growth and demand for the
Group's services over the medium to long term remain strong.
This, together with the Group's market-leading consulting talent,
and the growing number of client relationships, means the Group
remains confident of further progress. On behalf of the Board,

| would like to thank everyone at Alpha for their fantastic
contributions in another successful year.

Ken Fry
Chairman

22 June 2023

alphafme.com

poday a1Bajze13¢


===== page 15 =====
12 Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Strategic Report

Chief Executive Officer’s report

Letter from Euan Fraser

The Alpha story

This Annual Report, for the year to 31 March 2023, covers the
final year of my decade as Chief Executive Officer. The Group
that my successor, Luc Baqué, took over at the beginning of
April is the leading specialist consultancy in asset and wealth
management globally and is on its way to realising that
ambition in the adjacent insurance sector.

Since we created the Alpha business almost 20 years ago,
we have focused on building a reputation for service delivery
excellence in everything we do, underpinned by a global team
of the most talented and committed consultants.

Being at Alpha for nearly 20 years and Chief Executive Officer
for 10 years has been an incredible journey and a huge honour.
When | started my Alpha journey there was literally a handful
of us working and socialising together in London. Even from
these very early moments the culture, camaraderie and values
defined everything we did. It is incredibly humbling to have
watched the team prosper, to have seen so many fabulous
careers take shape and to become the market-leading
consulting firm it is today.

The qualities of passion, commitment and a never-ending
focus on achieving excellence for our clients has made this
team and this business unstoppable in its drive for success.
There are a number of wonderful highlights including two
private equity transactions and our AIM admission in the space
of a remarkable four-year period. The commercial success and
that market-leading reputation have of course been very
important but the real success has been creating a fabulous
culture that prioritises wellbeing and caring, and looking after
one another. That is by far the most important part of the Alpha
legacy and has been the undeniable driver of our success.

alphafme.com

lam delighted that the Group has again performed so well this
year — delivering this level of growth is a fabulous achievement.
In November 2020 we set the ambition with our shareholders
that we would double the business over a four-year period and
to have achieved that target already is yet another testament to
the quality and ambition of our people. | am extremely proud of
everyone across the Group for reaching that landmark and |
am certain many more successes will follow.

|.am delighted to be able to hand over the chief executive
Office of a Group that has delivered another year of growth and
an outstanding set of financial results. | know that Alpha is in
excelient hands with Luc and the transition from me to him is
one of continuity of strategy. Luc is a very talented leader and

I count myself lucky to be succeeded in this role by someone
so well suited to lead the Group, supported by the Board and
such a high-quality management team.

| would like to thank Alpha’s clients, shareholders and
stakeholders for their fantastic support.

To the wonderful people of Alpha: a huge thank you from the
bottom of my heart. It is your talent, passion and values that
drive Alpha's business forward in every corner of the world.
You define success and | cannot wait to see where your
dedication and commitments take Alpha next.

1 wish Luc and the fabulous Alpha team every success as
they embark on the next chapter.

Euan Fraser
Chief Executive Officer to 31 March 2023



===== page 16 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2023 13

66

We are delighted with the
progress in the year across
our three key growth pillars
and the wider business and
look forward to continuing
to progress globally in
delivering the next phase
of the Group's growth.”

Luc Baqué
Chief Executive Officer

Alpha's teams around the world have delivered another
outstanding performance and record year of results. | want

to start by thanking our people everywhere for their fantastic
contribution and, on behalf of us all, to thank Euan Fraser for
his vision and leadership throughout the past decade. Euan
has successfully steered the Group through 10 years of growth,
including the excellent performance of the last financial year.

Since AIM admission, we have made great strides and have
doubled the size of the business since 2020. My intention as Chief
Executive Officer is to continue building on our successes to date.

As Euan led the Group as Chief Executive Officer during the
financial year under review, we have both contributed to this
report this year,

poday o16a1eg

Our growth strategy

In meeting the Group's previous target — to double the size of the
business by November 2024 - we diversified and strengthened
across multiple dimensions, by consulting activity, by client sector
and by geography, growing both organically and through
complementary acquisitions.

At our capital markets event in March 2023, we announced an
evolution of that strategy and a refreshed ambition to double the
size of Alpha again over the next five years, while maintaining our
record of profitable growth and targeting a consistent adjusted
EBITDA margin. The key pillars that will enable us to achieve that
strategic ambition are: further expansion in Asset & Wealth
Management Consulting, particularly in North America; the global
scale-up and roll-out of our Insurance Consulting business; and
making selective acquisitions.

alphatme.com


===== page 17 =====
14 Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Strategic Report

Chief Executive Officer's report continued

Our growth strategy continued

Over the next five years, growth in these important areas and
markets will continue to be our focus and the potential further
opportunity is significant.

The year in review

The past year was one of strong performance across all regions
and business activities, despite the ongoing macro-economic
uncertainty. We saw further excellent progress across the key
growth pillars of North America, Insurance Consulting

and acquisitions.

We have continued to execute on our strategy of launching new
service areas and consulting practices, rolling them out globally
and delivering strong organic growth by investing in our people
and expertise. We have invested nearly 20 years in creating a
leading position as a consultancy and we see continued demand
to expand the business and provide an even more comprehensive
service to clients globally.

12monthsto 12 months to
31 March 31 March
2023 2022 Change
Net fee income
UK £87.1m £72.1m 20.9%
North America £91.1m £46.9m 94.2%
Europe & APAC £49.0m £38.8m 26.0%
Year-end totals £227.2m £157.8m 43.9%
12monthsto 12 months to
31 March 31 March
2023 2022 Change
Gross profit
UK £35.0m £30.6m 14.3%
North America £30.0m £15.4m 95.7%
Europe & APAC £15.4m £13.4m 14.6%
Year-end totals £80.4m £59.4m 35.4%

Regionally, we have achieved meaningful growth in all our
geographic regions, fuelled by the excellent reputation and appeal
of Alpha’s leading client proposition, which we continue to extend.
Thanks to the robust structural drivers of demand in the core
markets in which we operate, including growth in assets and
insurance policies, cost pressure, regulation, technology
breakthroughs, and changes in societal expectations, we believe
that the Group has the potential and the scope to continue to
grow and gain market share.

Continuing on the momentum of the previous year, North
America became our largest region by net fee income, achieving
net fee income growth of 94.2% overall, mostly organically, and
71.7% ona constant currency basis. This is a key pillar of our
growth strategy and we are delighted with our progress in the
very sizeable North America market. The strong progress is due
to our industry knowledge, deep expertise and highly talented
team, which encompasses consultants who are specialists in
asset and wealth management, technology and alternatives,
through the Lionpoint business.

We successfully grew our North America team by 32.0% to

342 consultants by the year end. We also expanded our

North America client base, across the traditional and private
markets, adding 72 clients in the year, including a number of the
world's largest asset managers. The Group has now worked with
88% of the top 25 North America asset managers" and continues.
to broaden and deepen these relationships. We see significant
growth potential in the world’s largest asset management market
to continue to grow the Group's market share in that region.

Our businesses in the UK and Europe & APAC also delivered
excellent performances, increasing net fee income by 20.9% and
26.0% respectively, while continuing to win and deliver market-
defining projects. We retain our market-leading position in the UK
as consultants to the asset and wealth management industry,
with the Group’s established practices, including Investments,
Operations and Client & Digital’’, contributing well and adding

47 clients across the region. In Europe & APAC, our best-in-class
service offering continues to attract new clients, with 37 new
clients added in the year.

Our second key growth pillar, expanding our Insurance Consulting
business, also continued its strong momentum and ended FY 23
with 81 people across the UK and Europe, up from 50 in FY 22,
and added 10 clients in the year. The General Insurance &
Specialty offering launched last year has continued to gain
traction this year, and we were delighted to welcome a third
director dedicated to this client segment, to drive further growth.
The Group also made further progress in building out the
Insurance Consulting proposition with the launch of a Retail
Distribution & Advice practice, which helps financial advisers,
investment platforms and life and pensions providers transform
and grow their businesses.

We see significant market potential in the insurance industry and,
ultimately, believe that our offering could grow to a similar size to
Alpha's Asset & Wealth Management Consulting business in the
medium to long term. In FY 24, we will also be progressing the
launch of our Insurance Consulting proposition in the US.

Other notable additions to the Group's client proposition during
the past year include the Enterprise Transformation practice,
which helps asset and wealth management clients address issues
and challenges around reconfiguring global operating models and
cost structures. Meanwhile, the continued development of Alpha's
data science proposition recognises the importance of data-driven
insights in differentiating and scaling our clients’ businesses.

We have also continued the ongoing development of our
technology services proposition, including Axxsys. Almost all the
consulting engagements we undertake with asset managers,
wealth managers and insurance clients lead to a requirement for
technology services and there is strong demand for software
solutions and technology experts with deep sector knowledge.
Aiviq presents an attractive data solutions and product proposition
for asset managers and continues to add clients. We see further
potential in this offering, although it remains currently a small part
of the Group.

12 “Top 25" relers to Investment & Pensions Europe, “Top 500 Asset Managers 2022" where the asset manager country is US or Canada, as defined in the report.
13 Practice name changed trom Distribution to Client & Digit to better reflact tne complete client proposition.

alphafme.com


===== page 18 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2023 15

66

The past year was one of
strong performance across

all regions and business
activities, despite the ongoing
macro-economic uncertainty.”

iNongsido tho Group's organic growth, wo aro vory pleased with
the strong contributions from our acquisitions. Lionpoint, the
alternative assets consultancy acquirod in May 2021, continued to
grow very strangly, benefiting from excellent synergies between
Lionpoint and our other businesses as alternatives become an
increasingly mainstream part of the asset management
landscape. Demonstrating this, Lionpoint added 93 new clients
globally in the year, including several of the largest alternative
invoctmont Managers, and incroacod its hoadcount by 43.0%

to end the year with 285 consultants globally.

After tho yoar ond, wo woro delighted to acquire Shorolino, a
specialist APAC asset and wealth management consultancy
headquartered in Sydney. The acquisition, which included a team
of noarly 20 pooplo, was complotod cmoothly aftor tho yoar ond
under the oversight of our Asset & Wealth Management
Consulting leadership team and the integration is now under

way and progressing well. Shorcline’s clicnt base, capabilities
and company culture are highly complementary to Alpha,
strongthoning the Group's existing offerings and croating tho
leading specialist asset and wealth management consulting firm
in tho rogion: We look forward to working with the Shoreline team
and growing the APAC business further.

Alpha has been selected #1
Consulting Firm by Décideurs
Magazine in “asset
management” (2023)

SZ) DECIDEURS

We are ralighted with the progress in the year anrnss aur three
key growth pillars and the wider business and look forward to
cantiniiing tn pragress ginhally in delivering the next phase of the
Group's growth.

Financial performance summary

This robust performance across all our business areas produced
full-year financial results that were ahead of market expectations.
Group nel fee inieurne increased 43.9% lu £227.21

(FY 22: £157.8m), on a mostly organic basis, and 36.1% on a
constant currency basis.

Adjusted EBITDA increased by 37.5% to £46.6m (FY 22: £33.9m)
and adjusted profit before tax rose 38.6% to £44.0m (FY

22: £31.81n}, while achleving adjusted EBITDA matylit al 20.59
(FY 22: 21.5%). As expected, strong demand for our services
allowed us to balance rising costs and a gradual reduction in
our consultant utilisation towards more normal levels, alongside
increases in our day rates. Adjusted earnings per share ("EPS")
alsu increased by 36.4% iv 29.27p (FY 22: 2148p).

alphafmc.com

yoday s15a}en¢



===== page 19 =====
16 Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Strategic Report

Chief Executive Officer's report continued

Financial performance summary continued

On a statutory basis, revenue increased 44.8% to £228.7m

(FY 22: £158.0m), operating profit increased 61.1% to £28.6m
(FY 22: £17.8m) and profit before tax increased 73.2% to £25.8m
(FY 22: £14.9m). Basic EPS more than doubled in the year to
15.82p (FY 22: 7.69p). A reconciliation between these statutory
and adjusted performance measures is set out in the Chief
Financial Officer's report and note 4 to the consolidated
financial statements.

Alpha continues to generate good cash flows and net cash ended
the year at £59.2m (FY 22: £63.5m). We are also delighted to
recommend a 10.50p full-year dividend in line with our policy to
pay out approximately 50% of adjusted profits.

Our people

To oversee the execution of our 2028 growth strategy, we have
strengthened our executive team. Joe Morant moves from Head
of Asset & Wealth Management Consulting in North America to
take global responsibility for this business. Nick Fienberg takes
charge of technology services and Lionpoint, which covers both
management consulting and technology services to the
alternatives sector. Stuart McNulty, who successfully led our UK
Asset & Wealth Management Consulting business for many years
and oversaw the launch of our Insurance Consulting business
there, becomes Global Head of Insurance Consulting.

We have also strengthened our operational capabilities during
the past year to support the delivery of our growth targets by
appointing a Group Managing Director, a Global Operations
Director, a Global Head of Risk and a Group and Divisional
Finance Director.

870+

clients globally

alphafme.com

66

Clients come to us because
of the specialist knowledge
and experience of our
consulting teams and their
determination to deliver
excellent outcomes that
solve clients’ problems.”

Our consultants are the best in our industry and are the key

to the Group's success. Attracting, developing, motivating and
celebrating talented people at all levels are among our most
important strategic objectives and ones to which we give much
thought and attention. Over the past year we increased our global
consulting team to 994 (FY 22: 760), adding 234 new consultants
(FY 22: 189) and 13 new directors (FY 22: 20), excluding additions
as part of the Lionpoint acquisition in the prior year.

Asat Asat
31March 31 March
2023 2022 Change
Consultant headcount
UK 394 287 37.3%
North America 342 259 32.0%
Europe & APAC 258 214 20.6%
Year-end totals 994 760 30.8%

Clients come to us because of the specialist knowledge and
experience of our consulting teams and their determination to
deliver excellent outcomes that solve clients’ problems. Thanks

to our market-leading talent and roputation for delivory oxcollence,
we build strong client relationships that yield major cross-selling
opportunities as we extend our range of practices and services.
This enables us to generate consistently strong organic growth

- a powerful business model that is the foundation of our plan to
achieve the ambitious goals we have set for 2028.

Maintaining our inclusive and meritocratic culture is therefore
essential and we are especially pleased that our emphasis on
people and culture has helped make the integration of Lionpoint
in the prior year, our largest acquisition to date, so successful.
We are also delighted to be welcoming 19 new consultants to the
Group as part of our recent acquisition of Shoreline.


===== page 20 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2023 7

—=

Lionpoint named “Best Technology Advisory Firm”
at the Private Equity Wire European Awards (2023)

PRIVATE EQUITY WIRE

ESG focus

We continue to be very excited and supportive of the progress
that the asset management, wealth management and insurance
industries are making when it comes to both sustainable investing
and assessing broader ESG commitments. As a business, we are
sharpening our focus on ESG and enhancing our approaches,
operations and policies to be able to embrace the necessary
changes and report upon them effectively.

The Group adopted the SASB framework in 2019 and we have
reported on our adherence to those standards each year since.
We are continuing to advance our environmental work and
response to climate change. This includes improvements to our
data collection and analysis, which will support us in setting out
and progressing a journey towards net zero, a key focus of Alpha's
ESG roadmap. To support this and ensure progress, we have
added responsible business oversight to our global business
operations team, including a Global Sustainability Manager and a
Global Diversity & Inclusion Manager, who took up their roles
during FY 23.

yoday oiareng

Current trading and outlook

FY 23 was a year of further strong growth globally. Substantial
progress was achieved across our three key growth pillars and
the business more generally, and we enter FY 24 as a leading
global management consultancy of almost 1,000 consultants.

We are mindful ot the uncertainties presented by the global macro
picture, including the war in Ukraine and the recessionary outlook
in many economies. We have also recently seen a lengthening
sales cycle and increased competition as a result of the current
overcapacity in the global consulting market. This is expected to
be a short-term backdrop, while the consulting market balances
supply with overall demand. The medium to long-term outlook for
our key client markets is positive, with the structural drivers of
demand and growth remaining strong.

Against this backdrop, the Group enters FY 24 with resilient
current trading and a good pipeline of new business opportunities.
These factors, coupled with the Group's compelling proposition to
clients, give us confidence in delivering full year results in line with
current market expectations and progressing towards our 2028
strategic goals.

We have a clear growth strategy, excellent client relationships
and the most talented group of consultants in our industry.
We therefore look to the future with great optimism.

Luc Baqué
Chief Executive Officer

22 June 2023

alphafme.com


===== page 21 =====
[Client]

aThepbestitalenty

relationships!

Our resources

Industry;
Inetworks)

@partho

— Ability to identify, attract and retain the
best talent

— Astrong culture that fosters excellence,
collaboration and ethical conduct

— A focused, specialist proposition for the
asset management, wealth management
and insurance industries

Clients

‘We help asset and wealth
managers, insurance
companies, private market
firms, service providers,
platforms, intermediaries,
technology partners and
a range of other buy-side
firms solve their most
pressing strategic
problems and become
more successful.

investors through
price growth and

‘supported by the

Shareholders

We deliver long-term capital
appreciation for our

dividend payments,

continued growth. We
preserve the value of their
investment by managing
risks appropriately.

work for clients.

‘on our leading position in

‘We draw on the ‘We cultivate strong, Bj We maintain close Our consultants We are a consistently
market-leading long-term relationships {J contacts with vendors, specialise exclusively in profitable and cash-
experience, knowledge with clients, leading to 3 justry bodies, particular sectors, generative Group with
and highest delivery high levels of repeat E] regulatory authorities and meaning we are fully the financial resources
standards of our people business and competitors to inform our focused on each of the to invest in expanding

. to solve our clients’ ‘opportunities to understanding of the client segments we our activities globally
problems and meet cross-sell mutiple markets in which we address. We offer insight, and to new client types

sé their objectives. service offerings. operate and support our methodologies and and consulting areas.

: thought leadership based

the market.

Our competitive advantages

~ Ability to apply best practice, differentiating
intellectual property and data, technology
solutions and market-leading knowledge
developed over 20 years

— A multi-boutique structure with an extremely
solid cross-selling framework and culture
of collaboration

How value is shared

Our people

We enable our people to
develop their careers by
working on high-impact
projects with the leading
‘companies in their
specialist area. We offer a
meritocratic and enjoyable
corporate culture alongside
incentive schemes, training
‘and support to facilitate
individual development
and career progression.

share
reguiar

Group's

Community

We promote ethical
conduct and a corporate
culture that gives back to
the wider community and
values diversity and
inclusion in its broadest
sense. We contribute by
supporting charitable
initiatives including our
Charity of the Year
programme, and
region-specific volunteering

— Continuous development of the proposition
to anticipate client needs

— An emphasis on providing the highest quality
of service and, wherever possible, exceading
clients’ expectations

Environment

We prioritise evaluating
meaningfully our impact
‘onthe environment by
understanding our energy
usage and our carbon
footprint, We will contribute
toits protection by seeking
to reduce our greenhouse
gas emissions wherever
possible and continuing

to offset those that we
cannot reduce.

and mentoring.

156

new clients in the last
financial year

36.4%

°° Bread more about our stakeholders on p

alphatme.com

Adjusted EPS growth over
the last financial year

Over 75%

of director additions in FY 23,
‘were promoted from within

£30,000+

raised for our Charity of the
Year in FY 23

100%

‘We have offset 100% of our
calculated carbon emissions
in ine with our Annual
Report SECR statement for
the last three years



===== page 22 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2023 19

podey 1691895

How we create value

Management consulting Technology consulting

Asset and wealth management consulting Technology consulting and implementations

Insurance consulting Data solutions and products

Platform for growth
Alpha grows in three dimensions

Management philosophy
Alpha’s mantra supports strategic and management decisions

ee

Strategy in action

| Scale up and broaden the 2 | Enhance and diversify our 3 | .
° ° ; 6 ar aid Make selective
client proposition by adding offering in our existing et,
" | ne : acquisitions
services and consulting activities geographical markets

Global operations model

Business management

and change IT operations

Finance

Legal and
9 . Human resources Recruitment Responsible business
corporate affairs

alphafme.com



===== page 23 =====
20 Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Strategic Report

Market overview

Long-term structural drivers are
shaping the asset management,
wealth management and
insurance markets that we
address. They include growth

in AUM, growth in insurance
policies, cost pressures,
regulatory demand, and client
and societal expectations.
Linked to this, the organisations
we work with are facing rapidly
changing expectations among
their clients, driving them to
focus on operational and
technological efficiency and
prioritise the use of data in
decision making.

Against this backdrop, the
Group's specialist consultants
can provide deep expertise,
structured perspectives

and market experience to help
clients grasp opportunities and
adopt the right operational
advantages. We remain
extremely well placed to
address and navigate these
long-term structural trends by
developing effective solutions
from operating model design,
to technology selections and
implementations, to change
delivery and support; and
implementing strategies to
secure long-term growth

and profitability.

alphafme.com

Impact and scale:

Today, the Group's main client market is the asset and wealth
management industry, which has proven resilient in the face of
successive economic cycles and has doubled in size {as measured by
AUM) over the past decade. Multiple sources agree that the industry
continues to demonstrate strong long-term drivers of global growth"*.
Growth has been particularly strong in North America and the Asia Pacific
region, which have both experienced annual growth of 13% between
2020 and 2021 and now account for $54tn and $25.4tn respectively’®.

The Group has also begun to provide consultancy to the insurance
industry, where it serves the Life, Pensions & Retail Investments as well
as the General Insurance and Specialty lines segments. The insurance
industry is forecast to grow from $6.1 tn in gross written premium at the
start of 2020 to $7.5 tn by the end of 2025"*. Alpha already has a notable
presence in some of the industry's most mature markets, including the
UK, Europe and, more recently, the US and we are supporting a range of
clients with their most complex change initiatives, including operations,
technology, M&A integration, platforms and more.

Alpha’s response:

With growth forecast to be sustained in the Group's core client markets,
demand for consulting services is expected to expand commensurately
over the long term. This positive outlook for growth across the Group's
main addressable markets offers strong underlying prospects for the
Alpha business globally.

To address this, Alpha continues to build out its competitive strengths
for the asset management, wealth management and insurance sectors,
including its sector specialism, regional presence and excellent
reputation based on deep expertise and knowledge, proven delivery
frameworks, expertise in technology transformation and industry
benchmarking information.

The Group's consulting offering for asset management, wealth
management and insurance client markets, today and as it continues

to prepare for and respond in line with client demand, is described
throughout the Strategic Report. The Group's strong growth, in which
net fee income has increased by £159.4m since AIM admission alone,
demonstrates its ongoing progress and success in developing its brand,
winning projects and increasing market share.

14 BCG, “Double-Digit Growth Prolongs Winning Streak in Asset Management” (May 2022): Bain &
‘Company, “in a New World: Time for Wealth Management Firms to Shift Course” (July 2022).

15 BCG, “Global Asset Management 2022" (May 2022).
16 Accenture, “Insurance Revenue Landscape" (April 2021).


===== page 24 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2023 21

MS
[ standh Gta ettaraertizas

Impact and scale:

Alongside growth in traditional assets, global allocation

to alternative assets such as private equity, private credit,
infrastructure, real estate and fund of funds continues to
grow as investors seek additional ways to achieve their
investment performance objectives and asset managers
incroasingly seek to provide divorsification and rick mitigation
for their clients’ portfolios. Linked to this, alternatives AUM
are expected to rise from $13.7tn, as of year end 2021, to
$23.3tn in 2027", a compound annual growth rate of 9.3%.

Specialist alternatives asset managers are growing, and
alongside growth comes a need to invest in technology
to manage and scale their businesses. Traditional asset
managers are seeking to expand their book of alternative
investments, which also brings a need for technology
investment and operating model consolidation.

Alpha's response:

The structural drivers shaping the alternatives market are
very similar to those in traditional asset and wealth
management, including cost pressure, changes to operating
models and technology in the search for outperformance,
increasing regulatory pressure and demands for greater
transparency. Alpha's acquisition of Lionpoint in May 2021
added the leading global alternatives investment consultancy
to the Alpha Group. Since then, we have increased the
Lionpoint team's headcount by 131,7% to address growing
demand among both alternative and multi-asset managers.
Furthermore, it has won 158 new clients.

Lionpoint's team of specialists offers experience and
knowledge of cutting-edge operating models, and all key
platforms and technologies that service the sector. This
positions Lionpoint as the leading advisory and technology
implementation partner to alternatives managers globally.
By deploying expertise from Lionpoint and our Asset &
Wealth Management Consulting team, the Group can also
offer deep expertise to large institutional managers seeking
optimised operating models that span traditional and
alternatives asset classes.

17 Prequin, “Global Report 2023: Allernative Assets” (January 2023),

Our business:

Insurance Consulting

Stuart McNulty
Global Head of Insurance Consulting

From a standing start in 2021, when we formally launched
a full Insurance Consulting offering, we have built a
team of over 80 consultants in the UK and France,
supporting insurance clients with a wide range of
change initiatives across all major parts of the value
chain. Our early successes came through a combination
of leveraging the relationships we already held with the
asset management arms of insurance companies, as
well as developing relationships with new firms, but
increasingly we are seeing demand coming from all
corners of the insurance industry. As a result, we are
now developing successful relationships with a wide
range of clients that are brand new to Alpha. Our work
spans all segments of the insurance industry, from pensions
and retail investment firms (those closest to the asset
and wealth management space), through life and health
insurers, and into the general and specialty markets.
We have been delighted by the traction we have achieved
in a relatively short period of time, and are excited by
the significant opportunities ahead - especially as we
turn our attention to other global insurance markets.

Our business:

Asset & Wealth
Management Consulting

Joe Morant
Global Head of Asset & Wealth
Management Consulting

We continue to enjoy strong growth in the asset and wealth
management markets across all of our regions. In particular,
as the largest financial services market in the world,
North America has been the fastest-growing part of the
Group's management consulting business for the past
two years. Our more established businesses in the UK
and Europe are also performing very strongly and grew
around 20% last year. In addition, our offering in APAC
has been further enhanced through our recent acquisition
of Shoreline, which we welcome warmly to the team!

Alpha named “Best Performing
Company - IT Consulting” at the
Megabuyte Quoted 25 Awards (2023)

alphafme.com

podey o16a}eng


===== page 25 =====
22 Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Strategic Report
Market overview continued

aia

Tab Airescg EIST eEH SSS

| ranch Raguimnary change |

Impact and scale:

Our clients operate in competitive markets and face ongoing
cost pressures and potential margin erosion as their fees

are squeezed. Many companies continue to run legacy
technology systems that are fragmented, expensive to
maintain and require users to complete many operations
manuaily. Some incumbent insurers are currently spending
70%-80% of their IT budget on maintaining legacy systems"®.
Addressing their cost challenges requires clients to automate
manual processes and update technology to increase
productivity and accelerate growth.

Alpha’s response:

We have built a reputation among clients for market-leading
specialist management consultancy to support projects that
address structural cost drivers in their business. We expect
to see more clients laser focused on fund and client
profitability, rethinking their cost base front to back and
accelerating the streamlining of non-core capabilities.

Within Alpha's comprehensive client proposition, we have
launched an Enterprise Transformation practice to help clients
consider and reconfigure operating models and address cost
structures across their organisations. Our technology consulting
services and data propositions provide end-to-end solutions
that our clients require when considering how to optimise
their operating models and processes, and invest in solutions
that derive greater value and efficiency.

Alpha received Bronze in the “UK's Leading Management
Consultancies” by the Financial Times and Statista (2022)

18 InsurTech, “Digital Transformation and the Legacy of insurance” (March 2023).

alphafmc.com

Impact and scale:

Global regulators continue to drive forward an aggressive
agenda of regulatory change, which is placing pressure on all
parts of our clients’ businesses to ensure timely compliance.
ESG regulation, in particular, is becoming more complex

and with divergence in regulatory approaches across
jurisdictions, clients with a global footprint face a challenge

to ensure consistency in approach to such regulations.
Emerging regulation is also accompanying a growing appetite
for crypto assets and for innovation-driven transformation.
Alongside this, operational resilience continues to be a global
theme and the focus on consumer outcomes and experience
is enhanced. Heads of Risk and Compliance need to ensure
the skillsets within their teams are keeping pace with not only
the actions of the business, but also the complexity of the
regulations. The use of fintech is becoming more pronounced
within the second line of defence.

Alpha’s response:

Alpha continues to support some of the world's leading
asset and wealth managers and insurers to develop their
compliance, operational resilience and risk management
frameworks, with a particular focus on the efficient
implementation of regulatory change and, when things have
gone wrong, supporting our clients in their remediation
efforts. Looking forward, we expect these same trends to
apply to insurance clients.

Alpha’s Regulatory Risk & Compliance practice covers most
financial hubs and is led by six directors, working across the
UK, Europe and with strong capabilities in North America to
support our clients in regulatory impact assessment,
operational implementation and other regulatory-driven
transformation. That team also works closely with other areas
of the Alpha proposition, such as Alpha's ESG & Responsible
Business practice and - in the case of leveraging fintech —
Alpha's technology teams, to combine knowledge and
expertise in addressing our clients’ complex regulatory
challenges and obligations.


===== page 26 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2023 23

poday o1Baeng

amb Anemphndo an GoGsOagante

| Geant oaea-cttean coset

Impact and scale:

Despite the past year’s challenging economic conditions,
we have seen ESG and responsible investment remaining
acore priority for asset managers. Several impending
regulatory deadlines, including SFDR reporting for European
fund ranges and mandatory TCFD reporting for UK-based
asset managers, has driven significant operational and
delivery activity for clients.

ESG and responsible investment has remained a top
strategic priority and commercial opportunity for asset
managers to capture new asset flows and retain mandates
by aligning new product offerings with their clients’ goals.
Asset managers that are doing this well continue to cleariy
differentiate themselves from their competitors. We also see
ESG and responsible investment rising on the agenda of
insurers, wealth managers and asset owners, as regulation
and client pressures increase.

Alpha's response:

Since the launch of our dedicated ESG & Responsibie
Investment practice in 2020, we have retained a busy and
varied portfolio of projects. To date, we have worked with
cover 30 clients in multiple geographies to deliver ESG and
responsible investment projects, across public and private
assets, and across asset manager, asset owner, wealth and
insurance clients.

The consulting work we offer in this area remains
complementary to our core consulting capabilities, with work
across sustainability regulation, climate and TCFD, client and
product strategy, data and technology scalability, and client
reporting. New propositions such as sustainability risk and
greenwashing have also been launched in response to
meaningful client demand. These capabilities underpin our
core strategic offering of supporting clients to define their
ESG and responsible investment vision, strategy and roadmap
with market-leading assessments and peer insights.

Impact and scale:

Investment in improving operating models and processes
remains a priority as organisations seek to maintain a
competitive advantage in the face of further growth across
AUM, increasing disclosure requirements and ever-changing
investor expectations. This is resulting in the focus on
simplification of end-to-end operating models, digitisation
and automation, and the implementation of data strategies
to improve decision making and oversight.

In industries that are data rich, but where insight can be poor,
the opportunity to leverage data and technology to generate
meaningful insights is endless, and data can be used to drive
forward the next generation of decision making in asset
management and parts of the value chain. Most managers,
big and small, have invested in data platforms that range in
maturity. The time is now for all managers to refocus their
attention on their target operating models and increase
investment to leverage data for insight.

The trend of investing in data-driven decision making is likely
to continue in the future. As the amount of data available to
investment and insurance firms grows and the cost of collecting
and analysing data falls, our clients will be able to use data to
make better investment decisions. This will lead to improved
performance for investors and increased competition among
asset managers, wealth managers and other sectors.

Alpha's response:

Through a combination of well-structured propositions
across management and technology consulting and data
solutions, Alpha is able to support clients in adapting to this
trend and support the growing uses of data in investment
and business processes.

Our Aivig business offers a data-driven fintech platform that
turns disparate client investment information into enterprise-
wide data sets that help asset management clients define
relevant sales and marketing strategies. We also continue to
scale up and globalise other relevant practices such as data
and cloud services within our technology consulting
business, Axxsys, and expand our data science proposition
to meet new client demand to make data and analytics a key
business tool in delivering operational efficiency gains and
supporting strategic decision making.

alphafme.com


===== page 27 =====
24 Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Strategic Report

Strategy

The principal activity of the Group is
the provision of professional consultancy
services to the asset management,
wealth management and insurance
industries. The Group's goal is to cover
the full transformation lifecycle for

its clients from strategy and roadmap
initiation to the delivery of change
programmes and the technology that
supports them - and to provide its
expertise and services to a broader
range of clients within financial services.
We will achieve this through organic
growth and complementary acquisitions.

To continue to develop and succeed as
a leading consulting services group,
our strategy for growth includes the
following objectives:

Alpha ranked in “America’s Best Management
Consulting Firms” by Forbes and Statista (2023)

alphatme.com

Scale up and broaden the
Group's client proposition by
adding services and consulting
activities that together present
a differentiated and more
comprehensive offering

Key progress in FY 23

— Growth in overall consulting headcount by 234 to 994
at 31 March 2023

— Further progress in Insurance Consulting, with Alpha’s
dedicated team growing by 62.0% in the year. Expansion
of the General Insurance & Specialty team with the
addition of another experienced director in the UK

— Continued to expand the alternatives capability across
management consulting and technology through the
Lionpoint team

— Further development of the Group’s technology services
proposition — with Axxsys delivering across a range of
asset management focused practices

— Launched the Enterprise Transformation practice in the
UK, which focuses on supporting asset and wealth
management clients to map where transformation is
needed and address issues across their end-to-end
businesses and operating models

Areas of focus

— Continue to evaluate and respond to market demand for
new products and services - and add new propositions
that will attract new clients and enable the sale of
additional services to existing clients

— Continue to ensure enhanced cross-selling opportunities
through collaborative working across all our business
teams and sectors

— Continue to develop and extend the Group's Insurance
Consulting and emerging Technology Consulting
capability, alongside providing dedicated software
solutions to the asset management sector through
the Aiviq business

— Continue to attract and appoint experienced directors
that can support and grow the Group's client
proposition further



===== page 28 =====
0 Annual Report & Accounts 2023 25

poday oiba}eNg

Roll out the client proposition
globally and progress opportunities
to grow further within our markets

Make selective acquisitions

Key progress in FY 23, Key progress in FY 23

— Continued to roll out Alpha's consulting proposition and _— The Lionpoint business was fully integrated and
activities globally — including strong progress from continues to grow rapidly - experiencing strong client
Investments, Operations and Client & Digital practices demand for its alternatives proposition and providing

A sell i for the
— Global leads in place for the Group's key service areas cross-seliing opportunities for the Group

covering asset and wealth management, insurance and — Alpha continues to review acquisitions that can
technology consulting to oversee delivery excellence, complement organic growth and maintains a healthy
cross-selling and further growth across regions acquisition pipeline

— Double-cigit organic growth in the world’s largest asset Areas of focus

management market, North America, with strong
contributions from the Asset & Wealth Management
Consulting and Lionpoint teams in the region

— Integrate the Shoreline business with Alpha’s Asset
& Wealth Management Consulting team in APAC,
following the post-balance sheet acquisition of

— Continued focus on developing the proposition, winning Shoreline in May 2023
new clients and growing market share in existing
markets, resulting in strong organic growth in the UK,
Europe and APAC.

— Continue to review acquisition opportunities to
complement and grow the Group's service offering
to deliver client and shareholder value

Areas of focus
— Roll out the Group's existing business practices and
complementary offerings progressively across all regions

— Enhance opportunities from the acquisition of Shoreline
to extend local market presence reputation and grow
Alpha’s APAC business further

— Continue Alpha’s rapid growth in North America where

there is still significant opportunity to gain further market Our business:
share through the ongoing development and roll-out of Technology Consulting
the Group's service offering
— Continue to build on the momentum of Insurance Nick Fienberg
Consulting in France and extend into wider Europe, and Global Head, Lionpoint and Axxsys
launch into new markets where there is demand such i" ,
as the US We are further expanding our technology consulting business

to complement our management consulting offering in all of
our client sectors across the Group. We have established
propositions that correspond to key services including data
and cloud, investment services technology and investment
management technology. The industries that we service are
going through continual technological renewal, developing
the platforms they operate on and optimising their data
architecture, so there is a huge amount of work to do. We are
unique in providing technologically capable people who also
have a deep understanding of the business.

alphafme.com


===== page 29 =====
26 ~~ Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Strategic Report

Looking after our people

The success of the Group’s business model depends
on the expertise and dedication of our people and
their delivery of high-quality consulting projects

to our clients. We therefore nurture this vital source
of differentiation and competitive advantage by doing
all we can to attract and retain the most talented
people. We want the years they spend working at Alpha
to be the best of their career, and we believe that
providing a positive and inspiring work environment will
help to foster a high-performance culture that delivers
exceptional outcomes for clients, as well as great
professional and personal fulfilment for our employees.

Our core values define who we are both as a company and as professionals

We pride ourselves
collaboratively
with our clients

on workii

We are proactive -
we use our extensive personal

and corporate experience
to find solutions

We take accountability
for delivery - we own and
take responsibility
for outcomes

We provide
ameritocratic, sociable
and supportive environment
e want to be recognised as
We provide deep expertise place to work in our
in our specialist areas i , with personal career
progression based on
transparent and
meritocratic
considerations

Everything we do is
defined by integrity -

we hold our
standards of ethically responsible

hig

ves to the We are socially and

transparency, honesty
and personal integrity

alphafmc.com



===== page 30 =====
What we offer

The talented graduates and experienced consultants that
we target to join Alpha benefit from our distinctive and highly
attractive proposition, which is built on:

— a strong corporate culture that places people at the heart
of the business;

— our reputation as the leading consultancy in our sectors;

— opportunities to gain invaluable experience by working in
small teams on high-profile, industry defining projects;

— comprehensive training, development and feedback to build
consulting skills and specialist knowledge;

— career progression based on merit, with no fixed period at
any level,

— an open and inclusive environment with a strong employee
support framework for people of all levels and backgrounds;

— encouragement to contribute entrepreneurial ideas to develop
Alpha's business;

— ahighly competitive compensation and benefits package,
including participation in the Group's profit-sharing or cash
bonus schemes; and

— management incentives that recognise and celebrate the
Group's success.

Emphasis on culture and inclusion

We maintain an inclusive corporate culture based on integrity,
fairness, meritocracy and giving everyone the opportunity to feel
they have a part to play in the growth and success of the Group.
Championing diversity and fostering an inclusive culture in our
workplacc arc key elements of our approach to looking aftor our
people and, as part of these efforts, we have enhanced our global
equal opportunities survey so that we can better understand our
people and identify relevant actions. We operate a number of
‘employee-managed networks globally that champion ethnic and
cultural diversity, social mobility, gender equality, wellbeing,
disability confidence — including our accreditation as a Disability
Confident Level 2 employer - and pride (LGBTQ4).

Career progression

We do not believe in “fixed time” at each level, instead taking a fully
meritocratic approach where each person has the opportunity to
progress based on their performance and meritocratic considerations
alone. We are also strong believers in developing our people and
promoting from within - and we continue to focus on creating
opportunities for staff at all levels of the Group. Many of our
current director team joined Alpha as graduates or early in their
careers. The ability to take on responsibilities early and achieve
rapid progression is important in attracting the most talented
consultants to join us.

Morc recently, we were delighted to broaden our global consulting
Icadership structures this yoar by adding four rogional managomont
committees to work alongside the heads of region for our Asset &
Wealth Management Consulting business. Organisationally and
culturally, it aligns to our aims of ensuring a broad range of
progression paths at Alpha, and in creating the management
committee structures, we have been able to ensure long-term
access to a wide pool of Alpha talent for leadership roles.

Recognising that everyone's career path is individual, we place
great importance on mentoring and feedback. Everyone is assigned
a mentor who helps guide their development, alongside formal

Annual Report & Accounts 2023 27

mid-year and annual performance reviews and regular feedback
touchpoints with project leads. We are also rolling out “360 feedback”
across the Group from direct reports as well as managers.

Training and development

We have training programmes that extend across all grades,

from analyst to director, and include topics such as coaching,
communication skills, feedback delivery, stakeholder management,
account management, sales and delivery excellence. During FY 23.
we have invested in providing Linkedin Learning to everyone in the
Group, to support their continued professional development.

In addition to internal training resources and curricula, employees
receive an annual allowance relevant to business role for external
training. Employees may use this to progress towards industry
leading certifications - examples include the Chartered Financial
Analyst ("CFA") programme, the certificate in ESG investing from
the CFA Institute, certifications from the Chartered Institute of
Securities & Investment, and the Chartered Alternative Investment
Analyst (“CAIA") charter from the CAIA Association.

We encourage all employees to take an entrepreneurial approach
to their career development by identifying the training that they
feel will be most relevant and useful. Alongside these formal
training initiatives, we also ensure that employees gain unique
knowledge and practical experience by working alongside more
‘experienced colleagues and attending meetings with some of the
most senior and influential peopte within our client organisations.

Astrong record of recruitment and retention

Alpha is sought after as an employer in our industry thanks to its
excellent reputation, prestigious client relationships and the
increasing range of opportunities that our growth provides for
ambitious professionals. In hiring, we look for extremely talented
individuals from all backgrounds who show strong commitment
and the desire to succeed, and we review our recruitment
processes continually to ensure that they are thorough and
effective and integrate diversity considerations at every stage.

It is not easy to get a role at Alpha as we focus on the best talent
in the market but, once on board, our employees are provided with the
specialist knowledge, support and training that they need to thrive. Our
efforts to ensure an excellent working environment, exciting opportunities.
for career development and highly competitive compensation
packages have been a critical factor in the Group’s rapid growth.

Over the past five years our headcount has grown by 26.7% a year
on average while maintaining low attrition rates for our industry.

Employee feedback

Maintaining a meritocratic, inclusive and supportive environment
depends on regular communication and a free flow of information
and feedback throughout the Group. We want everyone to be

aware of the Group's progress and we organise monthly company
meetings for all our regions to ensure our employees are aware of the
Group's progress, issues under consideration and key decisions and
can ask questions directly and contribute to the discussions.

We also provide a range of anonymised channels to facilitate
employee engagement, understand the team’s opinions about
working at Alpha and receive feedback on where change may
be required. Employee feedback has led to many new initiatives
that include changes to interna! policy and communications,
technology and productivity improvements, and proposals to
create a more varied social calendar for teams across the Group.

alphafme.com

yoday o16a}eng


===== page 31 =====
28 Annual Report & Accounts 2023 (a)

Strategic Report

Key performance indicators

The Directors have defined the following key performance indicators
(“KPIs”). These KPIs link to the Group's growth strategy and are used
to monitor the Group's income statement and performance.

These are discussed further in the Chief Financial Officer's report
on pp 42-46 which forms part of this Strategic Report.

Reveni

The revenue KPI measures how well

the Group has expanded its business FY 28
through organic and inorganic growth. FY 22

FY 21

FY 20

FY 19

FY 18

Net fee income”

Net fee income is revenue before

incidental expenses and is used FY 23 £227.2m
as an alternative KPI to indicate the FY 22 —o
underlying productive operating
performance of the Group. FY 21 £98.0m
FY 20 £88.9m
Fv
FY 18 £66.0m

Gross profit

This KPI helps to measure the
profitability of the Group and the FY 23 £80.4m
success of the business model. FY 22 259.4m

FY 21
FY 20
FY 19 £29.1m
FY 18

19 Refer to the Chief Financial Officer's report and to note 4 of the consolidated financial statements for further information on the adjusted performance measures: net fee income, adjusted
EBITOA and adjusted profit before tax.

alphafme.com


===== page 32 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2023 29

[>]

66

The Group delivered an excellent trading
performance during FY 23, continuing the
progress we reported at the half year and
achieving double-digit growth in revenues
and profits.”

poday o16a1e5

Luc Baqué
Chief Executive Officer

Adjusted EBITDA

Earnings before interest, tax,

| depreciation, amortisation and e885 m|
adjusting items is a measure of the FY 2. Ty
underlying profitability of the Group. FY 2t
20 VET
FY 19
! eve

Adjusted profit before tax

Adjusted profit before tax excludes

adjusting items and is used as an I 214.010}
alternative performance measure of the FY 29
underlying profitability of the Group. FY 24

FY 20

Fvi9

ev 18 EEE

Headcount

‘ The year-end headcount KPI

measures the growth in the Group's 894
, fee-generating consultants globally. FY 22
FY 21
FY 20
FY 19 362

FY 18 305

alphafmc.com


===== page 33 =====
30 Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Strategic Report

Section 172 statement

Under Section 172(1) of the Companies Act 2006, a director of a
company must act in the way that he or she considers, in good faith,
would be most likely to promote the success of the company for the
benefit of its members as a whole, and in doing so have regard
(amongst other matters) to:

The likely

consequence of
any decision in
the long term

~WH_ AN

The need to foster
the company's
The interests of business
the company's relationships
employees with suppliers,
customers
and others

T_T

The desirability
The impact of of the company
the company's maintaining
operations on the areputation for
community and high standards
the environment of business
conduct

The need to act
fairly as between
members of
the company

The following disclosure describes how the Directors have had regard to the matters set out
in Section 172(1)(a) to (f) and forms the Directors’ Statement under Section 414CZA of the
Companies Act 2006.

The Directors remain committed to engaging with all of the Group's stakeholders and
considering their interests when making any strategic decisions.

alphafme.com


===== page 34 =====
>)

Annual Report & Accounts 2023 3

Key Board decisions during the year

The Board considers the following to be the key decisions and considerations that it has made during the year to 31 March 2023:

Board decision

Considerations

The Directors considered the composition of
the Board and approved the appointment of an
additional independent Non-Executive Director.

April

— To continue to improve effectiveness by recruiting a
Non-Executive Director to add further experience across
a number of categories, including product development,
finance and audit, North America and M&A expertise.

— To recognise and address the interests and requirements
of the shareholders and market, including independence.

— To consider long-term succession planning when making
a Board appointment.

The Board considered and approved the FY 22
pre-close trading update to the market.

— To provide transparent, accurate and timely information
to the market.

The Board reviewed and approved the
FY 22 Full Year Results and the Annual-Report
and Accounts.

June

— To provide transparent and accurate information to
the market.

The Board considered and agreed to
recommend a final dividend of 7.50p for FY 22.

— To address the interests of shareholders in the context of
the long term, whilst maintaining the Group's policy of paying
approximately 50% of adjusted profits.

The Board approved the FY 23 equity incentive
awards to management and certain employees
of the Group.

— To reward and to incentivise the management of the Group
and ensure the alignment of interests between employees
and shareholders.

Peete treae The Goard considered the Group's strategic
priorities at a dedicated strategy session,

— To ensure the ongoing review of the Group's strategy
and progress against strategic goals.

October The Board considered and approved the FY 23
interim pre-close trading update to the market.

— To provide transparent, accurate and timely information
to the market.

The Board reviewed and approved the FY 23
Interim Report and payment of the FY 23
interim dividend of 3.70p to shareholders.

November

— To provide transparent and accurate information to the
market and to address the interests of shareholders in the
context of the long term, whilst maintaining appropriate
levels of reserves to run the business effectively.

The Board approved the announcement of the

formal resignation of Euan Fraser with effect

from 31 March 2023 and approved the

appointment of Luc Baqué as Chief Executive
Officer with effect from 1 April 2023.

— To address the interests of clients, employees and
shareholders in providing effective leadership to ensure
the sustainable, long-term success of the Group.

To provide transparent and accurate information to the market.

February The Board approved the exercise of options that
had vested under the management incentive plan
and employee incentive plan to management
and certain employees of the Group.

— To reward and to incentivise the management and
employees of the Group and ensure the alignment
of interests between employees and shareholders.

The Board reviewed the results of the global
employee engagement survey and initiatives
carried out by the HR team to implement
positive changes to ensure the ongoing
engagement of Alpha’s employees.

— To understand the feedback provided by employees, to take
appropriate actions and to ensure the ongoing engagement
of Alpha’s employees in respect of implementing positive
changes. When reviewing the actions to be implemented,
the Board considered the financial consequences and the
impact on long-term value and growth for the shareholders.

At each meeting, the Chief Executive Officer updated the Board on the Group's businesses, geographies, progress of key client

relationships and engagements across the Group.

Further details on the Group's strategy and long-term decisions are set out in the Chairman's report on pp 9-11, the Chief Executive

Officer's report on pp 12-17 and in Strategy on pp 24-25.

alphafmc.com

yodey o1Baieng


===== page 35 =====
32 Annual Report & Accounts 2023

i>)

Strategic Report
Section 172 statement continued

Engagement with key stakeholders
The Board considers its key stakeholders to be its employees,

shareholders, clients and the communities in which it operates.

‘The Board also recognises other stakeholder groups including
vendors and suppliers, industry bodies and competitors with
which Alpha works or associates in the marketplace.

Stakeholder group Stakeholder key interests

Engaging effectively with these stakeholders strengthens
the Group's business relationships and decision making
and therefore supports its long-term success.

How we engage

Employees

Attracting, retaining and
developing the best talent
is essential to Alpha's business

— Career progression
— Recognition

to providing a highly rewarding
place to work, and to maintaining
a strong, meritocratic and
inclusive culture that recognises

— Morale and motivation

the importance of our people — Reputation
and encourages open — Wellbeing
communication.
— Health and safety
— Diversity and inclusion
— Sustainability
L______-______]

The Group prioritises open
communication and effective
engagement with its
shareholders, whose support
it considers to be integral to
long-term growth and success.

— Financial performance

Directors
— Dividends

alphafme.com

success. The Group is committed | — Training and development

— Engagement and feedback

— Governance and transparency
— Operating and financial information
— Confidence and trust in the Group's

— Global employee feedback framework
— Leadership communications

— Monthly company meetings

— Competitive remuneration package

— Professional qualification and other
training opportunities

— Employee success framework

— Mentoring

— Management incentive programme
— D&l programme and networks

— CSR networks

Shareholders

— Dedicated investor section on the website
— Investor strategy updates

— Capital markets days

— Interim and preliminary results announcements.
— Annual Report

— Annual General Meeting

— One-to-one meetings

— Investor conferences/roadshows


===== page 36 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2023 33

Stakeholder group

Stakeholder key interests

How we engage

The Group's success is based
‘on delivering a proposition that
helps its clients address their
challenges and capitalise on
their opportunities. The Group
works hard at developing and
sustaining long-term client
relationships, which it supports
through its global team of
consultants and by extending
the range of services it offers
and the types of projects it
carries out.

— Specialist industry proposition
— Integrated end-to-end service offering
— Excellent service delivery

— Continuous development of practices,
products and services

— Subject matter expertise
— Emphasis on client satisfaction

— Ability and experience to help clients shape
their business for the future

— Senior level client relationship management
— Continuous client satisfaction monitoring

— Regular assessment of client demand
and interests

— Industry round table discussions

— Dialogue with vendors, regulators and
industry bodies

— Publication of market and industry insights

— Alpha Outlook whitepapers and
thought leadership

Communities

The Group is a growing,
{ Profitable business, committed
to fostering the same growth
| and success within the
communities in which it
| operates, which includes
| supporting organisations that
are relevant to or active in those
communities. As part of this
engagement, the Group also
considers how to maximise our
corporate responsibility and the
positive environmental and
social impacts of its activities,
and to minimise the downsides,
which will give us a solid
baseline for developing relevant
action plans and targets.

— Effective and transparent engagement with
local communities

— Available ESG reporting and disclosures

— Working closely with charities, corporate
social responsibility ("CSR") partners and
other organisations

— Contributing to awareness of diversity, inclusion
and other sustainabilty-related topics

— Taking effective action on climate change

— Pursuing a positive impact on local and
global environments

— D&l networks and initiatives; developing and
empowering our people with knowledge,
toolkits and training that are shared

— Work on climate change and carbon offsetting

— Sustainability Accounting Standards Board
ESG reporting

— Relevant sections within the Annual Report,
such as sustainable business

— Energy usage and emissions reporting
— Charity of the Year programme

— Taking appropriate steps where regulations
are introduced by establishing new policies

— Modern Slavery Statement and Living
Wage accreditation

— Tax evasion and anti-bribery policies,
supported by whistleblowing policy

— CSR schemes and initiatives, including
mentoring schemes for young people from
lower socioeconomic backgrounds and
team coordinated fundraising for charities

alphafme.com

podey o16a1eNg


===== page 37 =====
34 Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Strategic Report

Te

Sustainable business

We are excited to be supporting the significant progress in the asset
management, wealth management and insurance industries around ESG
and responsible investing. Internally, we are progressing our own ESG
commitments and ensuring that we have in place the right governance,
objectives and actions to support this important agenda and to report

on it effectively and transparently.

We have established an internal Responsible Business function
within Alpha’s business operations and are developing an ESG
roadmap that will reflect the objectives of the ESG Committee
of the Board and the most material priorities of our investors,
employees, clients and wider stakeholder group.

The past year represents a pivotal moment in Alpha’s corporate
ESG journey. Our Group has a longstanding commitment to the
environment, community and social matters through our CSR
and Diversity & Inclusion programmes, and a history of related
team-based initiatives that reflect Alpha's culture and values.

However, as a fast-growing, quoted company that aims to

be strong in corporate citizenship, enhance its reputation and
continue to build trust with stakeholders, we have reached a point
where our size and global reach require an ESG strategy that
reflects both the growing body of ESG regulation that applies to
our business and the views and expectations of our key stakeholder
groups. These include investors and their advisers, our clients,
employees and potential recruits, our supply chain and

industry bodies.

alphafme.com

ESG is an increasingly regulated and data-driven domain

and one of our initial priorities is to ensure we have access

to comprehensive data sets for the major areas we intend to
focus on, notably diversity and inclusion and greenhouse gas
emissions. Our data gathering programmes are well advanced
and we are assembling detailed information relating to FY 23
that will give us a solid baseline for developing our action plans
and, in due course, proposed targets.

66

The past year represents
a pivotal moment in Alpha’s
corporate ESG journey.”


===== page 38 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2023 35

Governance

We have updated

our Board and business
governance to support
our commitment

to embed and

progress a successful
ESG strategy.

As a Group, we are committed to

the highest standards of corporate
governance, and we have extended our
frameworks in the year to formalise
and oversee Alpha's ESG efforts.

During the year, we focused on putting in place the foundations of
Alpha's corporate ESG strategy. In September 2022, the Alpha
Board formed an ESG Committee, chaired by Jill May, to oversee
the development and execution of our ESG strategy and formalise
the governance around Aipha's corporate ESG objectives, decisions
and actions. We intend to publish Alpha's first standalone
Sustainability Report later in the financial year to detail our
initiatives, ambitions and performance in this area.

We have also formed a Responsible Business function within
Alpha's business operations to work in conjunction with the

ESG Committee and Alpha’s executive team on these priorities.
Overseen by Eloise Lipkin, a director in our Operations team, the
team includes a recently appointed Global Sustainability Manager,
who is focussing on our environmental roadmap and sustainability
disclosures, and a Global Diversity & Inclusion Manager, who is
responsible for defining and executing on our social plan. We are
delighted that these dedicated Responsible Business roles can
provide subject matter expertise and work with our engaged
-local teams to define and deliver meaningful changes as part of
our ESG agenda,

yodey o1Bajea5

Two major considerations inform our ESG strategy. Firstly, existing
and forthcoming regulation inevitably shapes our approach: we fully
comply with all mandatory requirements that apply to Alpha and are
preparing to start making disclosures as we come within the scope
of additional regulation. Secondly, we must implement a set of
strategic ESG objectives that reflect Alpha’s culture, the views and
expectations of our people and our wider group of stakeholders.

We are conducting a materiality assessment to understand the
range of stakeholder views and the developing consensus about
what constitutes best practice for companies such as Alpha.

This will help us to identify the key issues and opportunities that
we should prioritise in our roadmap and the practical steps required
to achieve these objectives. It will also help us form stronger
long-term relationships with our stakeholders.

Alpha awarded a “Gold” EcoVadis
rating in France (2022)

alphafmc.com


===== page 39 =====
36 Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Strategic Report
Sustainable business continued

Social

Diversity and inclusion

Diversity and inclusion
are at the centre of our
social agenda.

As a professional services company that depends on its ability to
attract and retain talented people, we regard our standing on
issues of diversity and social inclusion as critical to our long-term
success. Ensuring that our teams reflect the communities in
which we operate and that all employees are empowered to thrive
in an inclusive environment are the ultimate aims of Diversity &
Inclusion ("D&I") at Alpha.

Alpha is an equal opportunities employer that is committed to
providing a diverse, open and inclusive workplace. Our policy

is therefore to ensure that all job applicants and employees are
treated fairly and on merit regardless of background, experience
and any structural disadvantages an individual may have faced.
We consider the benefits of diversity and inclusion from potential
hires through all levels of the Group.

Core principles of Alpha's D&I policy:

— educate and involve people from all backgrounds to
understand and promote gender, sexual orientation,
disability, cultural, ethnic and socioeconomic diversity
through the organisation;

— retain Alpha's meritocratic culture of rewarding talent
regardless of what makes them unique, while continuously
challenging our understanding of meritocracy;

— improve the diversity of both our applicant pool and the
Alpha team at all levels;

— support external initiatives and organisations that raise
the profile of under-represented groups in business; and

— contribute to a positive environment for under-represented
communities at Alpha.

We area
Living
We
age

/
Employef.
ese)

alphafmc.com

Achieving greater diversity across Alpha’s teams requires us to
make a sustained effort over a long period to change our culture,
policies, governance aspects and processes where appropriate.
Our work in this area historically has focused on issues of
inclusion through internal awareness raising, building allyship
and educational events and programmes. These involve a large.
number of Alpha colleagues, who contribute voluntarily across
six networks:

. Ethnic and cultural diversity
. Social mobility

. Gender equality

. Welleing

. Disability confidence
Pride

O2apon =

Alpha is proud that our people are passionate about different
inclusion agendas and work hard to be effective allies. However,
as the Group has grown, so too has the need for Alpha to develop
and progress its D&l work. A key element of this plan has been
our decision to hire a full-time Global Diversity & Inclusion Manager
to structure our initiatives, provide further awareness and subject
matter expertise and focus on impactful changes across the business.

As we continue to recognise the importance of a fairer and equal
society, we have focused on data collation and are in the process
of rolling out an enhanced global equal opportunities survey,
which we have worked on with a specialist third party, Empowered.
The results of this updated data collection exercise will enable us
to assess the Group’s diversity profile now and on an ongoing
basis, both to identify relevant strategies and approaches and to
support reporting requirements (including our SASB disclosure)
across different social indicators. In continuing to improve our
D&l initiatives, and creating relevant goals and reporting on this,
we intend to begin setting diversity targets for the Group during
the course of FY 24 and report our gender pay gap data.

The key focuses of our corporate D&l agenda are:

1. Data collection: to identify priority areas, inform updates
to policies and practices, and enable reporting.

2. Diversity and inclusion initiatives and approaches: to ensure
we have the right governance, actions and tracking processes
to assess how we hire, retain and develop our employees. In
preparing to set targets, we are ensuring we understand best
practices and promote awareness and engagement globally.

3. Reporting: to comply with required reporting and to provide
disclosures, such as the SASB report, that explain our
intentions and actions.


===== page 40 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2023 37

Community and social responsibility

We prioritise community and
our social responsibilities in

all places that we operate.

We take very seriously our social responsibilities and the impact
we have in the communities in which we operate. We promote
ethical conduct, social responsibility and a corporate culture that
values fairness and human rights at all times.

Alpha's vision and activities in this area are executed mainly
through the work of our internal CSR team, which is made up

of employees from the UK, North America, Europe and APAC,
working on a voluntary basis, while supported by the Responsible
Business team.

Our community focused activities include fundraising, pro bono
consulting, volunteering and networking, and our main Group-wide
CSR initiative under this heading is our Charity of the Year programme.

In FY 23, Alpha’s Charity of the Year was Cities for Children,
which helps children living in poverty and without education in
Pakistan's cities.

In FY 24, aware of our growing size and structure we have
updated our approach. Instead of one global charity of the year,
Alpha’s regional businesses will select charities with which to
work in the year ahead, enabling the teams to focus their efforts
locally and maximise their collective impact on organisations and
initiatives that have a strong local resonance. We look forward to
providing more information about our FY 24 Charity of the Year
programme as part of the Sustainability Report later this year.

yoday 91693235

Alpha’s CSR policy and priorities:
— understanding and reducing our emissions;

— seeking to minimise our impact on the environment over
the long term;

— promoting a good work/life balance: encouraging flexible
working patterns and parental leave allowance;

— working with ethical suppliers and local businesses which
have strong social and environmental values;

— commitment to the delivery of modern human rights;

— ensuring that our employees can participate in voluntary
charitable and community based activities;

— identifying pro bono consulting and project work that our
teams can support on a voluntary basis; and

— providing a framework for charitable fundraising

and payroll giving.
Suppliers
‘As part of our role as a responsible firm we ensure that our
supplier relationships are in line with legislation and best
practices. We assess the policies of our suppliers in areas such
as social policies, employee wellbeing and, in the UK, payment
of the Living Wage.

Modern slavery

We are committed to combating and preventing modern slavery,
human trafficking and exploitation. We have procedures and
Policies in place throughout our own business and our supply and
procurement chains to support this. A copy of these can be found
on our website at alphafmc.com. These processes are reviewed
annually, and Alpha's Modern Slavery Statement is ultimately
approved by the Board.

alphafme.com


===== page 41 =====
38 Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Strategic Report
Sustainable business continued

S | Environment

We are committed

to understanding

our environmental
impact and combatting
climate change.

alphafme.com

Alpha is proud of its environmental
work and is committed to minimising
our environmental impacts over the
long term. Enhancing data collection
about our energy usage and emissions
is an important first step as we prepare
to make more climate-related
disclosures and develop Alpha's

climate transition roadmap.

As a professional services firm, Alpha’s business model does

not have a major impact on the environment, compared to higher
emitting sectors. However, as an environmentally responsible
business, Alpha is committed to minimising its environmental
impacts and combatting climate change. Moreover, we recognise
the importance of reporting the Group's environmental impacts to
help investors evaluate non-financial risks within their portfolios —
and we therefore keep our reporting outputs and approaches
under continual review.


===== page 42 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2023-39

We continue to report our energy usage and greenhouse gas
("GHG") emissions. In the year, we have reviewed how we best
position oursolves to create emissions baselines and analyse our
CIC omissions globally. We are now working with a third party
(Normative) to support our GHG data collection methodology,
analysis and understanding.

Alpha's Clobal Sustainability Manager oversees our environmont
and climate-related initiatives, notably our work on carbon
reporting and reduction. Through this work, we continue to report
our cnorgy usage and GIG omissions, which we have done since
our FY 20 Annual Report. Our Streamlined Energy and Carbon
Reporting (“SECR”) Statement can be found on pp 40-41

‘Aa. we develop our data collection and analysis mothodologios
to support TOFD reporting and plan for setting a net zoro target,
we will review and where necessary update and enhance our
omissions calculation and disclosure. This may includo bringing
new categories into scope that we consider appropriate for
assessing the impacts of our business model, geographic reach
and profossional services profilo. Tho most likoly aroa of chango
is in our scope 3 emissions as we review the materiality of our
supply chain, which could incroaso tho total emissions on which
we report. We will transparently report and explain any changes.

While we intend to continue offsetting for the foreseeable future,
we will worl to sot out our ovorall reduction plan. Our onhancod
processes will facilitate validations and enable us to move towards
setting science-based targets under SBTi. Our intention is to set a
net zero timeline during the course of FY 24.

The key focuses of our environmental agenda are:

1. raising awareness: increasing awareness within Alpha of our
current global carbon footprint and the environmental effects
of our activities, such as plastic waste, and changing
behaviours to become more environmentally aware;

np

.. improving data capture processes and analysis methodologios
to enhance our climate-related reporting and disclosures,
and support our decision making on climate-related actions;

3. reducing our footprint: developing and implementing
measures to reduce our carbon footprint, whilst considering
our commitments to fulfilling client relationships and service
delivery; and

4. emissions offsetting: offsetting our unavoidable GHG
emissions globally using recognised and certified offsetting
projects, with a long-term net zero vision in mind.

[Ourfpeople.cascistudy)

Chris Govier
Global Sustainability Manager

joined Alpha in August 2022 as our first Global
Sustainability Manager in the Responsible Business
function, with a mandate to help implement the core
sustainability initiatives of an ESG roadmap that ensures
positive impact over the long term. There has already
been some fantastic existing sustainability work by
consultants in the Alpha Group, which continues with
my support, and we are ensuring that there are exciting
opportunities for the teams to be involved in meaninaful
sustainability projects. In our first Sustainability Report.
which will be released later in FY 24, we will set out the
Girection of travel for Aloha and share the Group's ESG
strategy pillars.

As a subject matter expert in ESG, sustainability and
climate change, Alpha has been a receptive and engaged
organisation to work for. Across the Group, | have been
warmly welcomed and empowered by senior leaders to
educate and engage people on what sustainability
means to them.

alphafme.com

yoday siBaIenS


===== page 43 =====
40 Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Strategic Report
Sustainable business continued

and approaches

We have been making
ESG-related disclosures
since Alpha’s FY 20
Annual Report.

Alpha complies fully with all current
applicable ESG regulation, which
includes providing the following ESG
reporting and disclosures:

— ereryy use (GHG) reporting (UK);
— Modern Slavery Act;
— UK Companies Act and Climate Change Act; and

— governance, risk and compliance (“GRC”) requirement for a
reporting framework — Alpha has deemed the Sustainability
Accounting Standards Board (“SASB") to be the most
appropriate disclosure framework for our organisation
and industry.

To provide further structure to its information sharing about ESG
matters, Alpha also aligns with the Carbon Disclosure Project
when engaged by clients.

alphatme.com

ESG disclosure frameworks

Looking ahead, we will continue to evolve our governance and
disclosures to facilitate transparency around our objectives,
targets and progress. Linked to this, we intend to provide a
separate Sustainability Report during the course of FY 24, which
will create further transparency and confidence about Alpha’s
ESG agenda, targets and performance.

We are focussing on readiness to adopt the TCFD framework
and we are in the process of signing the UN Global Compact,
which openly commits us to continuing to integrate sustainable
practices into our Group operations.

SECR

Alpha has made significant efforts to improve the quality and
accuracy of data related to its carbon emissions, both to support
transparoncy for its stakoholdors and to ensure a strong foundation
from which to base and measure its net zero progress in the
future. Each year, Alpha aims to have a more comprehensive
approach to measuring its environmental impact, seeking to
reduce assumptions and align our approach with the GHG
Protocol Corporate Reporting Standard methodologies.

For FY 23, Group emissions across scope 2 and scope 3 are
3,156.3 tCO,¢, with an intensity of 13.8 tCO,e per £m revenue.
This larger increase than in previous years highlights a
combination of factors that include:

— the considerable growth of our business as we expanded
in headcount along with strengthening our client relationships
in all regions;


===== page 44 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2023 4

— the macro-environment and the influence of the pandemic
significantly reducing and limiting travel in FY 21 and FY 22;

— FY 23 client and Group operations in regards to travel
rebounding; and

— our ongoing efforts to improve the quality of our emissions
data analysis and reporting.

In anticipation of the next reporting period, we are in the process
of adopting the recommendations of the TCFD, which requires
alignment with the GHG Protocol methodologies. To facilitate this,
we have used a third-party platform, Normative, to calculate and
confirm our emissions. Spend-based emissions factors have
been applied while we are still improving our activity data, which
has increased the amount of data we can report on and,
consequently, the emissions reported for the year.

iption

Scope 1

We are dedicated to our sustainability goals and will continue

to identify and implement measures to mitigate and offset our
environmental impact in the coming years. We will continue to
work on energy efficiency and pursue a focus on using renewable
energy throughout the Group's offices wherever possible. We will
also look to ensure that our environmental objectives are reflected
in our supply chain, by engaging with our suppliers, and we will
consider appointing external providers where appropriate to audit
our broader methodology and approach. While we confirm an
intention to reduce our carbon footprint overall, the increase in
emissions reflects our commitment to transparent and accurate
reporting while continuing to improve methodologies.

Also, in line with GHG protocol, travel includes client travel where
it has been purchased by Alpha but charged back to the client.
We therefore remain mindful of the potential impact of our clients’
intentions around travel in this context and ensuring that we
estimate reasonably how this may evolve as we continue to
deliver client projects across our regions

Direct energy emissions - of which the Group does not have any to report.

Scope 2

Indirect energy emissions, including purchased electricity and heat throughout the Group's operations.

Scope 3 _ Other indirect energy emissions that occur in the Group's value chain through business travel and transportation.

SECR table
FY 231CO,e FY 22tCO,e FY 21tCO,e
Global Global Global
Scope Activity Total UK_ excl, UK Total UK excl, UK Total UK excl. UK
2 Purchased heat 677 25.0 42.7 48 18 3.0 29 0.6 23
Purchased electricity 32.5 18 30.7 15.5 34124 10.5 2.3 8.2
3 Flights 1,125.7 369.8 7559 3337 150.5 1832 194 67 12.4
Public transport 1566.7 6558 9108 123 9.4 29 0.6 o4 05
Taxis/car mileage 891 363 528 223 107 116 1.4 02 1.2
Working from home 2747 1114-1633 :1648 = 681 96.7 = 1073547 526
Total 3,156.3 1,200.0 1,956.3 553.4 2436 3098 1418 646 77.2
FY 23 MWh FY 22 MWh FY 21 MWh
Global Global Globat
Scope ity Total UK excl. UK Total UK excl. UK Total UK_excl. UK
2 Purchased heat 3586 1225 2361 658 501 157 882 742 140
Purchased electricity 221.5 80.2 141.3 «1587 104.9 53.8 1878 117.5 40.3
Total 580.1 202.7 3774 2245 155.0 69.5 246.0 1917 54.3
Intensity metrics
FY 23 FY 22 FY 21
Global Global Global
Scope Activity Total UK_excl.UK___ Total UK excl. UK Total UK_excl. UK
3 £m of revenue 2287 ©6874 «141.3 «158.0721 859 B81 53S 44.6
+CO,e per £m revenue 138 13.7 13.8 35 3.4 3.6 1.4 1.2 17
Notes

1 Alpha does not have any offices where it owns or controls the boilers, but rather purchases heat from each building's management; hence the consumption
of grid-supplied gas is classed as scope 2 emissions and the associated conversion factor has been used.

2 Normative, our third-party provider, has used Exiobase, BEIS, Defra, Ecoinvent and other sources for emissions factors. Alpha FMC ple supplied the working
from home calculation following the EcoAct Homeworking Emissions Whitepaper (2020).

3. Where we have not been able to obtain activity data we have used the floor space of our offices to calculate energy usago in line with the GHG Corporato

Reporting Methodotogy.

4 Where km travelled have not been recorded in our expense systems for travel receipts, we have used a spend-based methodology in line with the GHG

Corporate Reporting Methodology.

alphafme.com

yodey o163}e05


===== page 45 =====
42 Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Strategic Report

Chief Financial Officer’s report

Alpha has delivered another year of John Paton —
strong growth, with net fee income pia

up by 43.9% and adjusted EPS
increasing by 36.4% in FY 23. The
Group has delivered double-digit
growth across all geographic regions
on an organic basis, with the
strongest growth in our key North
America region. The balance sheet
remains robust, with good cash
generation, and the Group ends

the year well positioned.

IFRS and alternative performance measures (“APMs”)

Arange of results metrics are set out to demonstrate the Group's
performance. These include measures presented in accordance
with International Accounting Standards ("IFRS") and APMs,
which are provided to allow further understanding of the
underlying operating performance of the Group across financial
periods. The difference between IFRS and APMs arises from the
adjusting items, as set out in detail in note 4 to the consolidated
financial statements. The APMs presented are not considered
‘superior to IFRS measures; these should be considered together
for a full understanding of the performance of the Group.

The Group's APMs have been presented consistently over time
to provide meaningful trend information, and there is no change
to their composition in FY 23.

‘The exclusion of adjusting items in the Group's APMs may result
in adjusted profitability being materially higher when compared
with the nearest equivalent statutory measures. The Board uses
adjusted profit measures to assess the performance of the Group
because it considers these measures aid understanding of the
underlying profitability of the business and allow for comparability
between periods, Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements
sets out further details of Alpha’s APMs and a full reconciliation to
the relevant statutory measures. These adjusting items increased

alphafme.com

in the year, albeit by less than the underlying profits, reflecting an
increased earn-out and deferred consideration expense and a
higher share-based payment charge, partially offset by lower
intangible amortisation and acquisition-related costs.

As noted above, the share-based payment charge and related
social security taxes are excluded from adjusted profit measures.
The primary reason for this exclusion is to allow for comparability
between periods, as the Group's share option plans were
established on AIM admission and have not yet fully settled into a
regular cycle of awards and vesting. The accounting treatment of
the Group's share-based payments requires the charge for each
share option award to be recognised over the vesting period,
resulting in significant growth in the charge year on year as the
Group's share option plans mature post-IPO. A more regular share
option award cycle is anticipated in the coming years, although the
charge is also subject to external factors, such as the Group's
share price, over which the Directors have less day-to-day control.
If no adjustment was made for the share-based payment charge,
adjusted EBITDA would grow by 39.7% to £38.6m (FY 22: £27.7m),
at a margin of 17.0% (FY 22: 17.5%). Note 22 to the consolidated
financial statements sets out further details of the employee
share-based payment expense calculation under IFRS 2.


===== page 46 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2023 43

66

We are delighted with this year's strong growth and
performance across all of the Group's geographic regions,

mostly on an organic basis.”

12 months to 12 months to

31 March 31 March
2023 2022 Change
Revenue £228.7m £158.0m 44.8%
Net fee income £227.2m £157.8m 43.9%
Gross profit £80.4m £59.4m 35.4%
Operating profit £28.6m £17.8m 611%
Adjusted EBITDA £46.6m £33.9m 37.5%
Adjusted EBITDA margin 20.5% 21.5% (100 bps)
Adjusted profit before tax £44,0m £31.8m 38.6%
Profit before tax £25.8m £14.9m 73.2%
Adjusted earnings per share 29.27 21.46p 36.4%
Adjusted diluted earnings per share 27.37p 20.23p 35.3%
Basic earnings per share 15.82p 7.69p 105.7%

Group results

lam delighted to report another strong year of growth for the
Group across all regions, both organically and including Lionpoint,
which was acquired in the previous year.

Revenue

The Group delivered 43.9% net fee income growth in the year,
including a 39.6% organic contribution. Revenue also grew
44.8%, including increased rechargeable client expenses,
compared to the prior year.

Overall, the Group's revenue and net fee income growth reflects
average consultant headcount growth and average consultant
utilisation returning to target levels as planned, alongside improving
consultant day rates overall and some assistance from currency
translation. Revenue and net fee income grew in all geographic
regions, mostly on an organic basis with the remaining inorganic
contribution from the acquisition of Lionpoint in the prior year.

North America delivered the strongest regional growth, ending
the year as the largest geographic region in the Group by net fee
income. In the year, net fee income grew 94.2% overall and 83.3%
on an organic basis. On a constant currency basis North America
net fee income growth was 71.7% overall. Lionpoint continued to
perform well in the year and contributed significantly to North
America net fee income, adding a further 51 consultants to its
North America team in the year. The North America business
overall continued to expand its domestic client base, as well as.
successfully capturing client demand through a number of
cross-selling opportunities with its existing clients. The strongly
growing consultant team was well deployed, while also improving
consultant day rates.

Europe & APAC also delivered another year of strong growth. The region
grew net fee income by 26.0% on the previous year, 24.4% on an
organic basis and, on a constant currency basis, the region reported

21.3% growth overall. This growth was delivered across the region
with the Europe team generally well deployed, complemented by
further good progress growing the APAC business.

The UK business grew net fee income 20.9% overall and 19.3%
organically. This strong UK organic performance benefited from
solid client demand across the full range of Alpha practices,
including substantial contributions from our established Investments,
Client & Digital and Operations teams. Within the UK results, Alpha’s
data solutions business, Aivig, increased its client base and revenue
in the year, and continues to focus on building further scale.

Alpha continues to support clients in some of the largest, most
challenging and interesting projects across the industry. Alpha’s
revenue is driven by continuing strong demand in its established
practices, as well as progress in newer areas. Alpha’s Insurance
and Technology Consulting businesses also made good progress
in the year by winning a number of projects both with existing and
new client relationships.

Alpha’s growth was supported by further investment in global
consultant headcount. The number of consultants reached 994
by the year end (FY 22: 760). Of this 234 consultant team
increase, Lionpoint added 87 to the Group globally.

Group profitability

Group profits also grew strongly. Group gross profit was £80.4m
(FY 22: £59.4m), increasing by 35.4% over the previous year, and
28.7% on a constant currency basis.

Gross profit margin was 35.4% (FY 22: 37.6%), mainly reflecting
the easing of utilisation to target levels, alongside continued
investment in our consultants while maintaining competitive
remuneration packages, partially offset by improving consultant
day rates across all regions.

alphafme.com

podey o1Baens


===== page 47 =====
44 Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Strategic Report

Chief Financial Officer’s report continued

Group profitability continued

North America maintained a consistent gross profit margin of 32.9%
(FY 22: 32.7%) as the North America team grew substantially and
successfully normalised average utilisation back to target levels,
while balancing costs and consultant rates progress. The UK
business grew gross profit well and its 40.2% gross margin (FY
22: 42.5%) similarly reflects utilisation returned to target levels and
further rates progress ongoing. Europe & APAC also experienced
good gross profit growth, with a margin of 31.4% (FY 22: 34.5%)
reflecting utilisation and continued investment in the business,
partially offset by consultant day rate progression.

Adjusted administration expenses, as detailed in note 4, increased
by 32.5% or £8.3m to £33.8m (FY 22: £25.5m) in the year. Discretionary
spend returned to normalised levels following COVID-19, for
example across staff and client entertainment and travel spend,
and in recruitment spend as we grew our consulting teams
globally. We also continued to invest in the Group's central team
through the year in areas such as finance, HR, legal, risk and
responsible business, alongside the Group's expansion.

Including the adjusting expense items, which also rose, administration
expenses increased to £51.7m (FY 22: £41.6m) on a statutory
basis. The adjusting expense items, set out in note 4, increased in
the year to £15.8m (FY 22: £14.4m), reflecting increased earn-out
and deferred consideration and share-based payment charges,
partially offset by lower foreign exchange loss and acquisition
costs, which, in the prior year, mainly related to the acquisition

of Lionpoint.

alphafme.com

The £0.3m (FY 22: £0.7m) acquisition costs include diligence and
legal fees incurred in connection with the Shoreline acquisition,
which completed after the year end in May 2023. The acquired
intangible asset amortisation charge was £4.6m (FY 22: £4.7m)
The share-based payment charge of £8.0m (FY 22: £6.2m)
continues to develop since Alpha’s share incentive plans were
established at AIM admission, with Alpha’s share price growth
and further new annual awards alongside relatively lower award
vests at this stage. Further detail of the share-based payment
charge is set out in notes 4 and 22.

The earn-out and deferred consideration charge of £2.5m

(FY 22: £1.4m) reflects employment-linked acquisition expenses
and two fair value adjustments. With Lionpoint’s continued strong
performance since acquisition and ongoing positive outlook, the
future performance assumptions have been uplifted to the maximum.
earn-out payment for the final earn-out year in FY 24. This uplift is
Partially offset by a scale-back fair value reduction in the liability
held for Obsidian as a lower, mutually agreed position was
reached with the original vendors, which was paid in full in the
year. Further details on the earn-out and deferred consideration
charges are set out in note 13.

The depreciation charge grew to £1.9m (FY 22: £1.2m) alongside
the growth of the Group, while the £0.2m (FY 22: £0.6m) amortisation
of capitalised development costs eased as the asset was fully
amortised in the year.

Adjusted EBITDA grew 37.5% to £46.6m (FY 22: £33.9m) and
adjusted EBITDA margin eased to 20.5% (FY 22: 21.5%), reflecting
the gross profit margin and the adjusted administration expenses.
Operating profit rose 61.1% to £28.6m (FY 22: £17.8m) after
charging the adjusting expense items, including earn-out and


===== page 48 =====
is]

Annual Report & Accounts 2023 45

deferred consideration expenses and share-based payment
charges. Further detail of these adjusting items is set out in note
4. If no adjustment had been made for the share-based payment
charge, adjusted EBITDA would have grown by 39.7% to £38.6m
(FY 22: £27.7m), at a margin of 17.0% (FY 22: 17.5%).

Currency

Currency translation had a noticeable effect on net fee income
and profits during the year. Through the year, British pound
sterling averaged $1.21 (FY 22: $1.37) and €1.16 (FY 22: €1.18),
which, with other similar currency movements, resulted in an
overall favourable net currency effect on net fee income of
£12.4m. On this basis, North America net fee income growth
would have been 71.7% and Europe & APAC would have reported
21.3% total net fee income growth.

Overall, the Group's net fee income would have grown 36.1% to
£214.8m on this constant currency basis. On a similar basis the
Group's gross profit would have been £76.4m and would have
grown 28.7% on a constant currency basis. With British pound
sterling strengthening towards the end of the second half, this
currency benefit has begun to unwind and continues to do so
into FY 24.

Net finance expense

Net finance costs remained flat in the year at £2.9m (FY 22: £2.9m),
primarily comprising non-underlying finance expenses relating to
acquisition consideration discount unwinding, as set out in note 4
and note 6.

Taxation

Adjusted profit before tax rose 38.6% to £44.0m (FY 22; £31.8m)
after charging depreciation, amortisation of capitalised
development costs and net underlying finance expenses.
Statutory pre-tax profit rose 73.2% to £25.8m (FY 22; £14.9m)
after charging adjusting items and non-underlying finance expenses.

‘The Group's taxation charge for the year was £7.8m (FY 22: £6.4m),
reflecting the growth in taxable profits and the blended tax rate

of the increasingly international jurisdictions in which the Group
operates, as set out in note 8. The Group's cash tax payment

in the year was £13.3m (FY 22: £4.8m), reflecting the growth in
profits and the Group moving to a quarterly tax payment cycle

in North America.

For further taxation details, see notes 8 and 9 to the consolidated
financial statements. Adjusted profit after tax is shown after
adjustments for the applicable tax on adjusting items as set out
in note 4.

Acquisition activity

Since the acquisition of Lionpoint in May 2021, the Group has
focused on the successful integration of its services and the team
into the Alpha Group, and has seen the benefits of the increased
service offering to the Group's enlarged client base. Lionpoint has
integrated into the Group well and grown since acquisition, with
strong further expansion of the team.

After the year end, on 1 May 2023, the Group announced the
acquisition of Shoreline for a maximum consideration of AUD

13.0m (£6.8m). Shoreline enables Alpha to build upon a robust
platform in APAC and ensures that the Group can take advantage
of opportunities in one of the fastest growing regions in the asset
and wealth management sector. We are pleased to welcome
Shoreline into the Group and took forward to further regional
growth. Please refer to note 27 for further detail.

Earnings per share

Adjusted EPS improved 36.4% to 29.27p per share

(FY 22: 21.46p) and adjusted diluted EPS increased 35.3% to
27.37p (FY 22: 20.23p). After including the adjusting expense
items, both basic and diluted EPS more than doubled to
15.82p (FY 22: 7.69p) and 14.79p (FY 22: 7.25p), respectively.

As at 31 March 2023, 9,996,040 share options (FY 22: 9,504,379)
remained outstanding, with 2,108,886 share options exercised
during the year, as share option awards begin to settle into a
normal cycte of awards and vests. See note 22 for further detail.

Cash flow and net funds

Net cash generated from operating activities was £30.6m
(FY 22: £33.5m) and, after adjusting for employment-linked
acquisition payments and acquisition costs, was £32.9m

(FY 22: £36.0m). Working capital remains well managed with
debtor days reducing again this year. Operating cash generation
in the year reflected the payment of last year's increased profit
share, given the strong FY 22 performance, as well as additional
North America tax payments as that business grows and moved
to quarterly payments in that region. The 74.0% adjusted cash
conversion rate from adjusted operating profit (FY 22: 112.1%)
reflects these specific cash outflows.

During the year, the Group made further payments of £22.6m
relating to deferred and contingent acquisition consideration,
including £1.8m of employment-linked amounts. Final Axxsys
and Obsidian payments were settled in full in the year. Please
see note 13 for further details.

The Group also provided £1.1m funding to Alpha’s employee
benefit trust ("EBT") to purchase 266,922 shares at the prevailing
market share price, to hold for the satisfaction of future award
vests. Alpha will likely fund the EBT further in the future to build
the shares held in the EST for the satisfaction of future share
option exercises.

The Group's income taxes paid totalled £13.3m (FY 22: £4.8m),
reflecting the Group’s profit growth, as well as the move to
quarterly tax payments in North America. Net interest paid was
£0.1m (FY 22: £0.3m), reflecting the cost of maintaining and
periodically drawing the Group's revolving credit facility ("RCF”) in
the year to manage the Group's ongoing currency requirements,
offset by interest income from cash balances held.

Dividends paid increased in the year to £12.8m (FY 22: £8.7m),
reflecting the Group's dividend policy and the increase in the
Group's adjusted profit after tax.

At the year end, the Group's cash position was £59.2m (FY

22: £63.5m). This strong balance sheet provides Alpha funding
flexibility to continue to deliver on its acquisition strategy.

alphafme.com

yoday o1Ba1eng


===== page 49 =====
46 Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Strategic Report

Chief Financial Officer's report continued

Statement of financial position

The Group's net assets at 31 March 2023 totalled £149.3m

(FY 22: £132.7m), This increase principally arises from other reserves
movements including retained profits, foreign exchange gains on
overseas assets and additional share-based payment reserves.
The Group continues to maintain a strong financial position.

The Group's non-current assets movement principally results
from foreign exchange gains on goodwill balances and increased
right-of-use assets on new leases entered into by the Group,
partially offset by ongoing amortisation charges for the year.

Working capital remains well managed. Trade and other
receivables balances increased in FY 23 through the ongoing
growth in the business. Debtor collections continued to be strong
during the year with debtor days falling again from the prior year.
The Group ended the year with £59.2m (FY 22: £63.5m) of cash
The Group's £20.0m ROF was undrawn at 31 March 2023 and,
alongside cash balances, ensures the Group's funding flexibility.
Further details are set out in note 6. Following the year end, the
Group refinanced and upscaled its RCF to a £50.0m facility to
provide funding flexibility in line with the Group's growth, as set
out in note 27.

Trade and other payables balances increased, representing an
increased level of trade payables and accruals alongside the
Group's growth. This includes higher profit share bonus accruals
reflecting the enlarged team and the year's strong performance.
Total acquisition-related deferred consideration and earn-out
liabilities decreased in the year, reflecting Lionpoint deferred
consideration payments and final Axxsys and Obsidian payments,
partially offset by the increase in the fair value of the Lionpoint
earn-out liability and employment-linked consideration as well as.
the unwinding of discounting in the year, as disclosed in note 13.

Dividends

The Board is very pleased with FY 23 performance. As a result,
the Board is recommending a final dividend of 10.50p per share
(FY 22: 7.50p), bringing the total for the year to 14.20p (FY 22: 10.40p),
in line with the Group's policy to pay out approximately half of
adjusted profit after tax. After approval at the AGM in September,
this final dividend should be paid on 19 September 2023 to
shareholders on the register at the close of business on

8 September 2023.

Total shareholders’ funds

Total shareholders’ funds increased to £149.3m (FY 22: £132.7m),
The changes in equity reserves reflect profit after tax for the year,
currency movements on net assets held overseas, goodwill and
intangible assets, the addition of further share-based payment
reserves and the payment of dividends.

As at 31 March 2023, the Company had 120,509,736 ordinary
shares in issue (FY 22: 118,707,336), of which no shares were
held in treasury and 6,274,380 shares were held in the Company's
employee benefit trust to satisfy future option exercises

(FY 22: 6,216,501).

Risk management and the year ahead

The Group’s risk management approach includes regular
monitoring of macro-economic and end-market conditions and
assessing the potential impacts across all business areas. In the
risk management framework, which has been reviewed during the
year, the senior leadership team, including me as Chief Financial

alphafme.com

Officer and the Chief Executive Officer, has primary responsibility
for keeping abreast of developments that may affect the
implementation of the Group's strategy and financial performance.
This entails identifying the appropriate mitigating actions that
should be taken and ensuring, as far as possible, that those
actions are then executed by the senior management team.

The Board as a whole oversees risk and, within that framework,
considers the material risks that the Group faces and agrees on
the principal risks and uncertainties. Alpha has a set of core
Company values, which are embedded globally, that reflect the
Group's ethical and responsible approach to operating and
managing the business.

The Board is delighted with the Group's progress in the year,
while remaining cognisant of the potential risks and uncertainties
ahead. The structural drivers in the asset management, wealth
management and insurance industries, which will drive ongoing
demand for Alpha’s services, remain prevalent. We are confident
that with the quality of our people, our excellent market reputation,
and business opportunities to extend the service offering, we are
in a good position to navigate further challenges ahead.

It is unclear how long the current macro uncertainty and
recessionary environment, which include a lengthening sales
cycle and higher levels of competition, may prevail and how
precisely they may affect local and global markets. However,
Alpha continues to enjoy a good pipeline of new business
opportunities and resilient current trading and, therefore, the
Board looks forward to further progress ahead.

The Board has considered all of the above factors in its review of
going concern and has been able to conclude the review positively.
While cognisant of potential macro-economic risks and the more
competitive environment currently, the Group's talented people,
widening range of service offerings and international footprint, and
long-term structural drivers of growth position the Group well.

John Paton
Chief Financial Officer

22 June 2023


===== page 50 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2023 47

Risk management

The Group continually strengthens its risk management to reflect its
growing scale and the changing external environment. Its risk management
framework combines clear governance, robust processes and controls,
and a strong culture of risk awareness among all employees.

Overview

Alpha is exposed to a range of risks through its business activities
that could nogativaly affoot its ability to oxecuto its ctratogy, impair
its financial performance and damage the interests of its shareholders
We categorise these risks under four broad headings - operational;
industry; financial; and environmental and social - and manage
them by ensuring we have a solid risk management framework in
place to identify, assess and govern risks.

The main objectives of the risk management framework are to
ensure that there is:

— a strong corporate culture of risk awareness and responsibility
embedded at all levels of the organisation;

— reduction of ongoing risk as far as possible, without unduly
affecting the Group's competitiveness and flexibility;

— proactive identification and reporting of risk information,
with clear management and mitigation responsibilities; and

— provision of a suitable basis upon which the Audit and Risk
Committee and, ultimately, the Board can assess the effectiveness
of the Group's risk management and internal controls.

Risk governance

Overall responsibility for risk monitoring and management within
Alpha’s risk management governance framework rests with the
Board, with assurance provided by the Audit and Risk Committee.

In conjunction with the Audit and Risk Committee, the Board
reviews the key risks facing the business at least once a quarter
and decides whether they should be avoided, mitigated or tolerated.
The Group follows a “top-down” and “bottom-up” approach to
monitoring and managing risks. Top-down strategic risk
management is directed from the Board and applied through the
actions of the executive team and wider senior management
within operations. Bottom-up operational risk management is
implemented through the engagement, risk awareness and
corporate responsibility of all Alpha employees.

At the beginning of FY 23, the Group appointed a Global Head of
Risk to further enhance the management of its risk framework,

and provide additional oversight, reporting and monitoring as the
Group continues to pursue its growth strategy, diversify and expand.

Risk assessment

The Group reviews and closely monitors risk exposures, considering
thoir probability, potential impact and any management actions
required to mitigate them. The Group's main tools for managing risks
are its Risk Register and its Statement of Risk Appetite.

Alpha’s Risk Register details risks that could have a material
impact on the Group's performance, financial strength or
reputation. It is overseen by the Group Coordination Committee
and maintained using updated inputs from the core business
functions. Risks are assessed using a scoring system that
captures the likelihood of their occurrence and the impact that
would have on the Group. This approach allows the Group to
review risks, identify trends and respond.

The Statement of Risk Appetite defines the type and amount of
risk the Group is willing to tolerate in order to achieve its strategic
objectives. The Group assesses whether it is operating in line with
its stated risk appetite by monitoring movements in its key risk
indicators, which are incorporated in the Board's risk reports.

Group risks are reviewed, discussed and challenged first by the
executive team through the Group Coordination Committee. The
risks that the Group Coordination Committee agrees are most
material are then escalated to the Board, with reporting decisions
documented so that the assessment and escalation approach can
be reviewed by the Audit and Risk Committee as part of its
assurance responsibilities. In exceptional circumstances, where
the risk is of a sensitive business nature, it may be raised on an
individual basis with the Chief Executive Officer, who can present
that risk directly to the Board.

While the Group Strategy Committee considers the strategy and
direction of the Group in conjunction with the Board, the Group
Coordination Committee encompasses all the areas in which
business-level risk may arise or apply, including finance, IT &
infrastructure, HR, business development and service delivery. The
executive teams of these committees have a direct reporting line into
the Board, principally via the Chief Executive Officer. However, any
member of the Group Strategy Committee and Group Coordination
Committee can be invited to present their risk management
activities, including risk escalation and risk monitoring processes.

The most material current risks to the Group are presented in the
Annual Report as the principal risks and uncertainties (see pp
50-53). The Board confirms that, having applied the approach
described above, a robust assessment of the principal risks and
uncertainties has been carried out.

alphafmc.com

poday o16a}e35


===== page 51 =====
48 Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Strategic Report

Risk management continued

Risk management governance

Corporate
accountability for risk:

— Assesses and reports
on principal risks
and uncertainties,

— Agrees the risk appetite

— Agrees the key
risk indicators

— Determines strategic
action points

Executive

responsibility:

— Monitors external
environment

— Oversees business-level
risk management activities

— Monitors key risk
indicators

— Oversees strategic
action points

— Ownership of the
risk register

Operational risk
management:

— Monitor operating
environment

— Identify, assess and
mitigate operational risks

— Implement strategic
action points

— Execute policies, training
and controls

alphafmc.com

Board of
Directors

Group

Coordination
Committee

Business
units

fAuditfand)Risk}
[Committee]

Group

Strategy
Committee

Corporate assurance:

— Oversight of risk
processes and procedure

— Internal control

— Assesses effectiveness

of risk management
framework and reporting

Strategic risk

management:

— Oversees definition of
the strategy

— Monitors execution to
strategic objectives

_. — Identifies and addresses

risk to business strategy
and direction


===== page 52 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2023 49

Improvements to the risk management approach

The Group continues to review its risk management framework
every year and updates it to reflect changes in the Group's risk
profile and its operating environment. During the past year, a
number of enhancements were introduced to Alpha's risk
management framework. These include:

— appointment of a Global Head of Risk to support the
management and evolution of the Group's risk management
framework and associated policies, training and awareness;

— following a number of business governance changes and
enhancements, the risk function has focused on inducting new
individuals in key roles into Alpha’s risk framework and
responsibilities, including the Chief Executive Officer, global
heads of Insurance Consulting, Technology Consulting and
Asset & Wealth Management Consulting, and incoming
management committee members;

continuing to build positive engagement and nurture a risk
aware culture across the Alpha business through relevant
communications, attending Company meetings to spotlight
and support risk topics, and knowledge sharing on
business-related matters, including client service delivery
and new location due diligence:

— based upon the Group's geographic expansion and commitment
to work with clients globally, selection and implementation of a
third-party risk tool to support risk assessment, awareness and
location training for consultants’ travel; and

— further development of governance with key operational teams
such as Lega! & Corporate Affairs, IT Operations and Responsible
Business to ensure regular touchpoints, proactive risk-based
discussions and a consistent approach to business support that
successfully balances corporate growth and development with
the consideration and management of key risks.

Financial risk management

The Group has established internal control and risk management
structures in relation to the process for preparing the consolidated
financial statements. The key features of this framework are:

— the Group's executive team understands the importance of
internal control and of adhering to the principles of risk
mitigation on a global, operational basis;

— the Audit and Risk Committee has primary responsibility for
reviewing the quality of internal controls and checks, to ensure
that the financial performance of the Group can be properly
measured and reported on;

— the Chief Financial Officer and finance team regularly monitor
and consider developments in accounting regulations and best
practice in financial reporting and, where appropriate, reflect
developments in the consolidated financial statements;

— the Group's results are subject to various levels of review within
the Group's finance and management teams;

— both the Audit and Risk Committee and the Board review the
draft consolidated financial statements;

— the Audit and Risk Committee receives reports from senior
management and the external auditor on significant
judgements or estimates, changes in accounting policies,
changes in accounting estimates and other pertinent matters
relating to the consolidated financial statements; and

— the annual financial statements are subject to external audit.

Environmental and social risk

The Group recognises the growing concerns and risks related to
climate change, and is committed to doing its part in addressing
this challenge. This focus includes monitoring, improving and
acting upon Alpha’s carbon footprint and the Group's wider
impact on the environment. The Group is also committed to social
risk management as it aims to be strong in corporate citizenship,
to enhance its reputation, to impact positively the communities in
which it operates and to continue to build trust with its stakeholders.

yoday o1Bajens

Within the environmental and social risk category, the Group
monitors a number of individual risks including transition risk,
which is the risk inherent in any changing strategies, policies or
investments as part of the journey towards “net zero” or other
societal targets. The Group specifically acknowledges this area
and recognises that the Financial Stability Board ("FSB") puts
transition risk on a par with physical climate risk.

In the context of environmental challenges, the main focus for the
Group is meeting the requirements of additional regulation and
reporting, their respective timelines and the ability to invest in
greener technologies. As the Group transitions to meet these
challenges, it will pay close attention to risks that may arise, most
specifically to areas where its physical climate and environment
priorities may have to be balanced with aspects of the social
agenda, for example activities that support employees and
wellbeing. The Group also recognises that these factors may
impact consumer behaviour and bring potential challenges as
well as opportunities, which must be considered and assessed.

Market-related and inflation risk

Continuing shifts in the macro-economic environment, including
elevated inflation, rapid increases in interest rates and the
possibility of economic downturn, are closely and proactively
monitored by the Group. Macro-economic conditions are
captured as a principal risk.

Inflation risk remains a material consideration and the Group
carefully considers the situation to ensure that costs, including
employee costs, are managed and offset by increases in client
rates. It continually benchmarks Alpha's compensation levels
against the industry to ensure it can reliably attract and retain
the best talent.

Alpha's global and regional heads of business, and the entire
executive team, monitor the markets closely with a view to
identifying and understanding any factors that might lead to
different levels of demand or competition in the market, and to

be able to respond accordingly. At the start of FY 24, we are
cognisant of increased levels of competition in the global consulting
market and a lengthening sales cycle, which we expect to be the
market backdrop in the short term. Against this backdrop, Alpha
continues to manage appropriately its discretionary spend and
hire selectively.

Unstable financial markets and deteriorating economic conditions
can have negative effects on Alpha’s clients and potential clients.
The Board and Alpha’s executive team therefore remain very alert
and monitor the market environment — globally and in all regions
— closely. However, they are confident that demand for Alpha’s
services and the long-term structural growth drivers in its markets
remain very strong.

alphafme.com


===== page 53 =====
50 Annual Report & Accounts 2023

>)

Strategic Report

Principal risks and uncertainties

The table below outlines the principal risks and uncertainties faced by the Group. They are not the only
risks that may affect the Group, but they are the risks that the Board currently believes would have the
most significant impact on the Group's strategy to achieve long-term profitable growth. There may be
additional risks that materialise over time that the Group has not yet identified or deemed to have a
potentially material adverse impact on the business and the business strategy.

Operational risk

The Group's approach to minimising operational risk is to centralise relevant processes and oversight frameworks through the
leadership team, which includes the Group Managing Director, and global leads from Operations, IT & Infrastructure, HR, Responsible
Business, Legal & Corporate Affairs and Recruitment. Operational risks are mitigated accordingly through operational projects that are
designed to strengthen the control environment, manage the delivery of change effectively and protect Alpha's competitive standing
with regard to people and quality of service.

Risk Mitigating factors

1, People and resourcing

Failure to attract, incentivise — Uniquely attractive, meritocratic culture that places people at the heart of the business.
and retain the best people with —__ competitive, regularly benchmarked remuneration package including differentiating profit share or cash
the right capabilities across all bonus scheme.

levels and geographies
Geographies. * = Equity participation offering through the management incentive plan for certain directors and senior management.

__ — In-house recruitment process, targeting top university graduates and experienced professionals.

" — Comprehensive training and development programme, building consulting skills and industry knowledge.
— Broad and reactive support structure, including HR, individual mentors and external advice scheme.
ne

2. Quality of service

Failure to maintain quality — Clearly defined terms agreed up front, ensuring that each delivery framework is appropriate and the delivery

of service on client objectives are achievable.

delivery engagements. ¥ — Clear senior individual responsibility and accountability for delivery on every engagement, with review from heads
+ of region.

+ — Internal service delivery function overseen by the Group Managing Director provides strong oversight and enables
early risk identification.

«= Ongoing monitoring of client satisfaction and fulfilment of agreed delivery criteria through the Alpha engagement
lead, in addition to the Alpha client account owner, if also required.

* — Close attention to client retention, reputation in the market and generetion of re-sell and cross-sell opportunities.

3. Data security

Risk of a security breach — Comprehensive suite of information security policies and procedural controls to complement technical defences,
leading to loss of integrity based upon best practices from the NIST framework.
or availability of core data. "_. adoption of industry-leading cloud security tools, with multi-layered controls around encryption, threat sandboxing,

data leak prevention, and social engineering protection.

= Intelgence and expertise led system monitoring and threat analytics function through a security operations centre
j (806°. for which Alpha lovereges a qualified third party.

— Proactive annual testing of technical defences through external team exercises and internal phishing assessments.

— Regular promotion of good cyber hygiene across the global Alpha workforce with annual mandatory learning,
regular training campaigns and assessments.

— Appropriate due diligence, vatting and annual auditing of cloud providers to validate information security and
risk posture.

— Extensive cybersecurity insurance policy coverage.

alphafme.com


===== page 54 =====
(a) Annual Report & Accounts 2023 51

- — — ——
Risk Mitigating factors
4. Acq n risk
Risk of failure of the Group to — Full acquisition due diligence and integration framework
select, complete and integrate —__ Fy) business case required and built for every acquisition, subject to a number of checks and requirements.
ry Acq i

businesses that contribute

positively to the business model, — Detailed due aligence, enalysis, planning and mitigation as part of the acquisition process, wherein a wide range

‘of factors are taken into consideration.

— The Group's extensive experience of working with clients on high-profile acquisition and integration frameworks
{including key risk identification and mitigation approaches) is leveraged and refined through the Group's own
acquisition activities.

._~ Dedicated integration project with workstreams across people, finance, IT and operations, products and
‘commercials for each acauisit

— Continuous monitoring of business alignment, client satisfaction, performance and other KPIs.
~ Clear and effective internal and external communications regarding acquisition and integration topics, overseen
by a member of the Group Coordination Committee.

Industry risk

The Group's approach to minimising industry risk is to undertake a regular assessment of the market and its influencers, including
regulatory, political and structural change, and to maintain a close dialogue with market participants, such as clients, competitors
and industry bodies. This review is delivered through the Group's defined corporate governance responsibilities, wherein the directors
manage those relationships on a day-to-day basis and communicate the key findings and perspectives to the Group Coordination
Committee and, in turn, to the Board of Directors.

Risk Mitigating factors
5. Market strategy

Risk that the Group responds — Heads of region and business practice leads are responsible for monitoring markets and client demand locally.
inadequately to changing — Deep understanding of the markets is used to inform annual cycle of business planning and budgets,

market factors. ,  andis tracked accordingly.

— Regular monitoring of the structural drivers within the marketplace, which include industry cost pressures,
growth in AUM and insurance policies, increasing regulation, technology breakthroughs, and an increased
client and market focus on ESG.

— Track record of assessing market conditions and drivers of change, and responding accordingly including the
implementation of relevant sector and client propositions across the investment management value chain,

6. Strategic objectives

Risk that the Group fails to — Business strategy review is assigned to the Group Strategy Committee to define, oversee and implement through

meet its strategic aim to grow the heads of regions and practices.

the business. — Business strategy is reviewed regularly (at least semi-annually) by the Group Strategy Committee and the Board
of Directors.

— Strategy informs annual business planning and budget, and is tracked accordingly.
— Strong visibility of growth opportunities and a roadmap to increase the business both organically and inorganically.
" — Regular consideration of downside scenarios and readiness to apply relevant protective measures.

alphafme.com

yodey o1Ba}e2S


===== page 55 =====
52. Annual Report & Accounts 2023 (n}

Strategic Report
Principal risks and uncertainties continued

Industry risk continued

Risk Mitigating factors,

7. Macro-economic conditions

Risk that macro-economic factors — Monitoring of the market to identify, and plan around, potential change in market conditions and volatility.

outside of the Group's control

change, affecting its clients, their

demand for consultancy services and,

hence, the Group's own performance

and financial position. — Record of identifying opportunities to provide consulting services and delivering successful projects in challenging
change conditions.

~ Ensuring an effective, coordinated response to any macro-economic challenges that emerge.
— Flexible business model that is responsive to change and regularly reviewed,

— Global nature of the business and range of business practices should reduce the risk of impact from volatility
LL in specific markets.

8. Political/regulatory environment

Risk that the Group's business model. — Diversification and expansion of service offering should reduce the particular impact of restrictions,

and strategy are materially impacted

by legal, political or regulatory

changes that restrict service offering

‘or access to markets. — Regulatory, political and legal change horizon scanning, led by the Chief Executive Officer, in order to foresee
and plan appropriate responses.

+ — Strategic geographical extension of business, overseen by the Board of Directors and executed by the Group
Coordination Committee.

— Dialogue with regulators, legal advisers and industry bodies.
“— Regular review of the business mode! to ensure that it remains flexible and responsive to change.

9. Competitors

Risk that an existing competitor or new" — Monitoring of competitor positioni
entrant may over time be able to
achieve similar success and win work
from the Group's existing clients.

including Group client win/loss ratios.

— Proven ability to understand the structural drivers of the market, to innovate and develop the service
offering accordingly.

| ~ Monitoring of the consulting market to assess any drivers of increased competition, including growth rates
and the link between demand and supply overall.

— Business strategy that focuses on providing a leading market proposition and gaining market share over time.
— Monitoring of and continual investment in key competitive differentiators:

— highly focused industry proposition, working exclusively in asset management, wealth management and
insurance industries;

— strong, increasingly global reputation amongst clients, with the very high quality of the team as a key differentiator;

— complementary technology and data solutions; and

— differentiating intellectual property and benchmarking data.

alphafme.com


===== page 56 =====
(a) Annual Report & Accounts 2023 53

Risk Mitigating factors
10. Client concentration

Failure to expand the client base or a — Globally expanding team of consultants, able to attract new market entrants and new entities within existing
reduction in the number of key clients client structures.

‘due to consolidation in the industry,

;cluging cient concentration risk in — Growth objectives include increasing and diversifying the Group's client base, and the Group regularly reviews.

increase in client numbers (both organic and inorganic growth of cliant base).

key relationships.
— Regular monitoring of client concentration by revenues.
— Acquisition strategy that targets businesses with strong addressable client bases and cross-sell opportunity
— Business strategy that includes extending the Group's offering with new services and products, in order to cater
for different client segments.
Il. Skills and subject matter expertise
Risk that over time the consulting — In-house recruitment process, targeting top university graduates and experienced professionals.

team does not maintain the right
‘expertise and skillsets to be able to

undertake a wide range of projects, — Deep specialised industry expertise equips the Group to win and complete projects of all sizes and complexity.
of any scale, across the marketplace.

— Comprehensive training and development programme, which builds consulting skills and industry knowledge.

— Proposition and delivery model structured around business practices and client segments, enabling any gaps
or weaknesses to be identified early.

— Business practices are led by directors who are experts in the area and are responsible for ensuring the right team
and skillsets when it comes to launching a new proposition, as well as monitoring expertise and skillsets over time.

— Continual review of win/loss rates as well as client satisfaction in detivery.

Financial risk

The Group's approach to minimising financial risk is to manage utilisation, day rates, expenses and cash collection actively and closely.
The Group's target is for client projects to be chargeable mainly on a time and materials basis, and to ensure that consultants’ time is
recorded and billed each month. A considerable amount of attention is paid to day rates and their alignment to budget, which are
reviewed and monitored by the heads of region and the Executive Directors.

Risk Mitigating factors
12, Utilisation rates

Risk that utilisation rates, which drive
Group profitability, may be adversely
impacted by poorly timed headcount
growth or an unexpected decline in — Ongoing review of global utilisation by Chief Financial Officer, in conjunction with visibility of the pipeline of potential
client projects. new business and recruitment plans.

ion rates agreed annually per region through the budget process.
— Oversight of delivery against resource utilisation by heads of region.

13. Cash collection

1@ and materials basis.

,
Failure to collect cash on client — Group-wide aim to sell consulting services mainly on a

invoices on a timely basis.
" 7 — As invoicing is typically on a time and materials basis, there is a requirement for all employees to submit their time

promptly. Prompt completion of time submission is monitored and forms part of annual performance reviews,
— The Group's standard policy is for settlement of client invoices within 30-60 days.

— The Group Finance Director and the Chief Financial Officer assess the Group's cash and debtors position on a
regular basis and escalate where necessary. This is also discussed with heads of region and at Board meetings.

alphafme.com

yoday oiBajeng


===== page 57 =====
54 Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Strategic Report

Non-financial information statement

The Group has complied with the requirements of Sections 414CA and 414CB of
the Companies Act 2006 by including certain non-financial information within the
Strategic Report. The following table constitutes our non-financial information
statement, and includes cross-references to where more detailed disclosures of
non-financial information can be found.

Reporting requirement . Principal locations in this Page Summary of business application
Annual Report

" Business model Business model - Strategic Report 18-19 ‘An explanation of the Group's business model is given
in the business model section of the Strategic Report.

1 Principal risks * Risk management and principal risks ~ 47-49 ‘The Board's process for considering and reviewing

Strategic Report principal risks is outlined in the risk management and
principal risks section of the Strategic Report.
Non-financiat KPIs Key performance indicators — 28-29 The Board approves non-financial KPIs, such
Strategic Report as headcount and clients. More information on these can
bbe found in the key performence indicators section of the
Strategic Report.

: Environmental matters Sustainable business - Strategic Report 34-41 Information on our corporate social responsibility
objectives, policy and the Group's environmental focus,
including its climate-related disclosures, is provided in
the sustainable business section of the Strategic Report.

Employees Looking after our people - Strategic Report 26-27 ‘Our employee-related policies and procedures are
available to all employees - this includes policies around
wellbeing, 360 feedback, parental leave, ate.

More information on how we took after our people is
provided in the sustainable business and Section 172
‘statement sections.

Human rights, Sustainable business ~ Strategic Report 34-41 (Our anti-bribery and whistleblowing review processes

| anti-corruption ‘Ausit and Risk Committee report — 10-72 are sot out in the Annual Report. The policies are

and anti-bribery Corporate Governance available to all employees.

SASB Disclosure 499-142 Our human rights approach is detailed in our sustainable
business section in the Strategic Report

Social matters Looking alter our people - Strategic Report 26-27 Details around our corporate social responsibilty approach

Sustainable business - Strategic Report 34-41 are explained in the sustainable business section.

The Strategic Report was approved by the Board of Directors on 22 June 2023

By order of the Board.

Luc Baqué
Chief Executive Officer

22 June 2023

alphafme.com


===== page 58 =====


===== page 59 =====
56 = Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Corporate Governance

Chairman’s introduction

The Board recognises the benefits
of arobust governance framework
and remains committed to strong
corporate governance, appropriately
aligned with the Group's priorities to
manage risk, promote a responsible
corporate culture and deliver a
strategy for growth.

Ken Fry
Chairman

alphafme.com

An introduction from the Chairman

As Directors of the Board, we understand that an engaged Board
and an effective committee structure facilitate the good governance
of the entire Group. As such, we have developed our governance
structure to support the Group's continued success and growth.
The Board has an Audit and Risk Committee, a Remuneration
Committee, a Nomination Committee and, newly, an ESG
Committee, each with formally delegated duties and responsibilities.
The structure of the Board and its committees, together with the
executive management of the Group, is set out in the corporate
governance report on pp 62-67.

The role of the Chairman is to lead the Board and be responsible
for its governance, performance and effectiveness. The Chairman
sets the tone for the Company and ensures that the links between
the Board and the executive team, as well as between the Board
and the shareholders, are strong and efficient.

Compliance with the QCA Corporate
Governance Code

In recognising the importance of high standards of corporate
governance, integrity and business ethics, we continue to apply
the Quoted Company Alliance Corporate Governance Code
(the “QCA Code’). A description of how the Board complies
with the principles of the QCA Code is provided on pp 60-61
The corporate governance report on pp 62-67 sets out further
information about the Group's governance framework and how
the Board applies the recommendations of the QCA Code.

The Directors recognise the need to continue to develop the
corporate governance structure and processes in ways that
reflect the evolving requirements of the Group's shareholders,
employees, clients and wider stakeholders. In doing so, the Board
can also ensure that the governance framework supports the
growth and strategic progress of the Group. The Directors and
are fully committed to maintaining our compliance with the
principles of the QCA Code and providing clear disclosures
relating to the changes and developments that we make.


===== page 60 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2023 57

FY 23 in focus

As reported last year, following an external selection process,
Maeve Byrne joined the Board as an independent Non-Executive
Director on 16 May 2022. Following her appointment, the Board
considered the composition of the Board committees and agreed
that, following a period of induction, Maeve would become Chair
of the Audit and Risk Committee and Penny Judd would move'to
Chair of the Remuneration Committee. These changes took effect
after the Company's Annual General Meeting in September 2022.

In November, we announced that Euan Fraser would step down
as a Director and Chief Executive Officer on 31 March 2023 and
that Luc Baqué would succeed Euan on 1 April 2023. In line with
the QCA Code, the Committee has been closely monitoring
succession plans and identifying possible internal candidates
for future Board roles. Further details on Luc’s background and
considerable experience as a member of Alpha's senior
management team are set out in the Nomination Committee
report on p. 68. We are pleased that Euan Fraser will continue
to work with the Board as a strategic adviser.

Asa Board, we are fully aware that corporate governance needs
to evolve in line with the regulatory landscape and the
expectations of our stakeholders. We understand that the topics
of environment and sustainability, social and governance are
closely linked to how we develop our frameworks and decision-
making approaches, which we have recognised with the
establishment of an ESG Committee in the second half of the
financial year. The Committee will be responsible for ensuring the
effective development and implementation of the Group's ESG
strategy. The ESG Committee held its first meeting in April 2023,
based on the Committee's agreed terms of reference, and will-
release the first ESG Committee report in the 2024 Annual Report
and Accounts.

In prioritising strong corporate governance, and considering the
ongoing growth of the Group, the Board has concluded that the
resources and skills of a full-time in-house Company Secretary
would be appropriate. We are delighted to welcome an
experienced Company Secretary professional, who joins the
Group from June 2023 and will work closely with Prism Cosec
for a period of extended transition.

Looking ahead, we also recognise the uncertainty of the
geopolitical and economic environment, including the ongoing
situation in Ukraine and the recessionary outlook in many places.
We are also monitoring a lengthening sales cycle and increased
competition in the global consultancy market. However, the
Group’s positive culture, robust governance framework and
strong financial health continue to give the Board confidence
and provide a very strong basis to support the executive team in
assessing the ongoing position of the business and making
effective decisions about the strategy and business model.

Stakeholders

The Board considers its key stakeholders to be its employees, its
shareholders, its clients and the communities in which the Group
operates, and that understanding these relationships facilitates its
decision making at an executive level. Our statement setting out
how the Directors have discharged their duties under Section 172
of the Companies Act 2006, including a description of how the
Group has engaged with its key stakeholders, is set out on pp 32-33.

Corporate culture

The Directors believe that the Group's culture, together with a
strong emphasis on integrity, business ethics and good corporate
governance, ensures our ability to execute the strategy, to deliver
the right outcomes for the Group's clients and to deliver value for
our shareholders and other stakeholders.

The Board is able to promote and monitor the desired corporate
Culture across the Group through its engagement with employee
representatives, review of relevant policies and decision making at
an executive level. The Group's culture and values are described
in the looking after our people section on pp 26-27.

Ken Fry
Chairman

22 June 2023

alphafmc.com

aoueusenog ayesoduog,


===== page 61 =====
58 Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Corporate Governance

Board of Directors

Committee membership key
wdit and Risk Committee
ESG Committee

BI Nomination Committee

B Remuneration Committee
Chair

alphafme.com

Ken Fry
Independent
Non-Executive Chairman

Committee membership.

Term of office: Ken joined the Alpha
Board as a Non-Executive Director in
2016 and was appointed as
Non-Executive Chairman of the
Group in 2018.

Committee membership:
Ken is Chair of the Nomination
Committee, and a member of
the Audit and Risk Committee,
the ESG Committee and the
Remuneration Committee,

Skills and experience: Ken was
Global Chief Operating Officer at
Aberdeen Asset Management for
nearly 10 years and has over

30 years’ experience in financial
services. He has considerable
experience integrating acquisitions
within the investment management
industry and a strong technology
and operations background, having
undertaken many transformational
projects during his career. He
directed the integration of major
acquisitions while at Aberdeen
‘Asset Management, including
assets acquired from Deutsche
Asset Management, Credit Suisse
‘Asset Management and Scottish
Widows Investment Partners.

Ken keeps the skills to support and
deliver the Group's strategy up to
date by maintaining a wide network
of contacts within the financial
services industry globally. He
regularly attends conferences and
discussion forums to keep abreast
of industry issues and meets with a
range of clients, employees, advisers
and institutional investors. He also
advises on M&A strategy within the
investment management and
wealth industry.

External appointments: Ken is
currently a Director of Wealthtime
Limited and Novia Financial plc.

Luc Baqué
Chief Executive Officer

‘Term of office: Luc was appointed
as Chief Executive Officer of Alpha
on + April 2023.

Committee membership:
Luc attends meetings of the
Audit and Risk, ESG, Nomination
and Remuneration Committees
by invitation.

Skills and experience: Luc joined
Alpha in 2010 as Head of Asset &
Wealth Management Consulting ~
France from 2010 to 2015, Head of
‘Asset & Wealth Management
Consulting - Europe from 2015 to
2020 and Global Head of Asset &
Wealth Management Consutting from
2020 until his appointment as Chief
Executive Officer of the Group. Luc
has over 20 years of experience in
the industry. Prior to joining Alpha, he
was Head of Change Management at
UBS Wealth Management in Paris for
five years and spent six years
specialising in financial services with
Solving International, a strategy
management consultancy.

Luc holds a Master's degree in
Engineering from Ecole Centrale de
Marseille and completed an Executive
Program at the Stanford University
Graduate Schoo! of Business.

Invhis role as Chief Executive

Officer, Luc has to understand

and manage the interests of a range
of stakeholders, including employees,
clients, competitors and investors.
Luc maintains a number of strong
industry relationships, which involves
sharing of knowledge and perspective
(on current themes and topics.

External appointments: None.

John Paton
Chief Financial Officer

Term of office: John joined Alpha
as Chief Financial Officer in 2018.

Committee membership:
John regularly attends meetings
of the Aucit and Risk Committee.
Heis invited to join meetings of the
Nomination and Remuneration
Committees when appropriate.

Skills and experience: John is

a chartered accountant with 25 years’
finance, banking, corporate finance
‘and accountancy practice experience.
He started his career at KPMG,
working across financial services audit,
risk management, financial reporting
‘governance, risk and internal controls,
‘and systems implementations. John
joined Alpha from HSBC where he was
Director in both the Global Banking &
Markets and Commercial Banking
divisions in London, Over his 11-year
tenure at HSBC, he advised on a
variety of M&A transactions and led
{oan financings for UK corporates.
Prior to this, he focused on capital
raisings, including AIM IPOs. During
this Alpha tenure, John has managed
the financial aspects of the acquisitions
and integrations of Axxsys and
‘Obsidian Solutions in 2019, Lionpoint
in 2021 and Shoreline in May 2023.

He is a member of the Institute of
Chartered Accountants of Scotland,
graduated LLB (Hons] from the
University of Aberdeen and holds an
Executive MBA from the University
of Bristol and Ecole Nationale des
Ponts & Chaussées, France.

John's role involves deep knowledge
of the Group’s management, financial
and operational activities, as well as
important corporate and statutory
responsibilities. He also maintains a
datailad view of industry, financial
and regulatory changes and stays
updated through dialogue with
advisers, regular technical reading,
online courses and attending
relevant events.

External appointments: None.


===== page 62 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2023 59

Penny Judd
Senior Independent
Non-Executive Director

Committee membership

Term of office: Penny
the Alpha Board as Senior
Independent Non-Executive Director
in February 2018.

Committee membership:
Penny is Chair of the Remuneration
‘Committee and a member of the
Audit and Risk, ESG and Nomination
‘Committees.

Skills and experience: Penny has a
strong public markets and financial
services background, with over 30
years’ experience in compliance,
regulation, corporate finance and
audit and is a qualified chartered
accountant. Prior to joining Alpha,
Penny held the roles of Managing
Director and EMEA Head of
Compliance at both

‘Nomura international ple and UBS
‘NG. She was Non-Cxecutive Chair of
Plus500 Limited from 2016 to 2021.

Penny maintains the skills to support
and deliver the Group's strategy
through her experience gained on
other listed company boards and has
a wide network of contacts in
financial services and regulation. She
attends various conferences and
events covering relevant industry and
governance matters, and regularly
meets with a range of advisers and
institutional investors in AIM and
Main Market companies.

External appointments: Penny is
currently Non-Executive Director and
Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee
of Lendinvest plc, Trufin pte and
Teamt7 Group ple.

Jill May
Independent
Non-Executive Director

Committee membership

Term of office: vill joined the Aipha
Board as a Non-Executive Director in
July 2020.

Committee membership:

Jill is Chair of the ESG Committee
and a member of the Audit and
Risk, Nomination and Remuneration
Committees.

Skills and experience: Jill has over
20 years’ experience in investment
banking, with her executive career
spent working in corporate finance
for SG Warburg & Co. Ltd (1985-95)
and senior positions in group
strategy at UBS, where she was a
‘Managing Director from 2001

to 2012. She was a Panel Member
(2013-18) and a Non-Executive
Director (2013-16) of the Competition
and Markets Authority (°CMA")

and a Non-Executive Director of the
Institute of Chartered Accountants in
England and Wales ("ICAEW")
(2015-19).

Uill maintains a wide network of
contacts in financial services and
regulation, She attends various
conferences and events covering
relevant industry and ESG matters
and stays updated on developments
in ESG regulation and

reporting practice.

External appointments: Jillis
currently an External Member of the
Prudential Regulation Committee at
the Bank of England anda
Non-Executive Director of abrdn
Property Income Trust Limited and
JP Morgan Claverhouse Investment
Trust plc. She is also a Non-
Executive Board Member of the
Council of the Duchy of Lancaster
and a Trustee of Tusk, a charity
supporting progressive conservation
initiatives across Africa

Maeve Byrne
Independent
Non-Executive Director

Committee membership
aog

Term of office: Maeve joined the
Alpha Board as a Non-Executive
Director on 16 May 2022.

Committee membership:
Maeve is Chair of the Audit and
Risk Committee and a member
of the ESG, Nomination and
Remuneration Committees.

Skills and experience: Maeve is a
Fellow of the Institute of Chartered
Accountants in Ireland and has
‘over 30 years’ experience in
financial services. She started her
career as an auditor with KPMG
Ireland and worked in several other
KPMG international offices in
Europe and North America. Within
KPMG, Maeve moved from audit
to transaction services where she
was a Financial Services Partner
trom 2002 to 2014. From 2010

to 2013, she was seconded to
Royal Bank of Scotland and the
Non-Core Division where she

was Chief Financial Officer and

‘a member of the Group Finance
Board and Risk & Control
Committee. From 2014 to 2017,
she held senior executive roles at
the Royal Bank of Scotland in
Capital Resolutions Group and
Wiliams & Glyn.

Since 2017, Maeve has focused on
transformation services, offering
board advisory services as an
independent consultant. She has
worked with financial services

‘companies including Santander and

clients in the fintech/neobank space.

‘She maintains the skills to support
and deliver the Group's strategy
by altending events covering
relevant industry and governance
matters, particularly in relation to
her role as Chair of the Audit and
Risk Committee.

External appointments: None.

Euan Fraser
Strategic Adviser
to the Board

Euan was Chief Executive Officer of
Alpha from 2013. He stepped down
from the Board on 31 March 2023
and now acis as a strategic adviser
to the Board.

alphafme.com

aoueusanog ayesodsog,


===== page 63 =====
60 Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Corporate Governance

Corporate Governance Code

The QCA Code requires the Group to apply the 10 principles of corporate
governance as set out below and to publish certain related disclosures in the
Annual Report, on the website, or a combination of the two. The Group has
followed the QCA Code's recommendations and has provided disclosure

relating to all the principles in a corporate governance statement on its website,
alphafmc.com/investors, and, as well, summarises compliance with the principles
in this Annual Report:

eliver growth

Links to the

Principle 1: Establish a strategy

. and business model that
promote long-term value for
shareholders.

The business model is premised upon delivering growth
through the cross-sell and upsell of its high-quality service
offering to existing clients, and selling its services to new clients.

The strategy is to continue to grow in both existing and
new jurisdictions by developing the service proposition.
In seeking to implement its strategic aims, the Board
takes account of the expectations of the Group's
shareholder base in addition to its wider stakeholder
and social responsibilities.

The Group's business model and
strategy are described in the
Strategic Report on pp 18-19.

Principle 2: Seek to understand
and meet shareholder needs
and expectations.

Good, consistent engagement with shareholders is given
a high priority by the Board. The principal methods of
communication with shareholders are through regular,
direct executive-level engagement at meetings and capital
markets events, the Annual Report and Accounts, the
interim and full-year results announcements, the Annual
General Meeting ("AGM") and the Group's website,
alphafme.convVinvestors.

The Chairman and Non-Executive Directors are available
to meet with shareholders, if required, to discuss any
items of importance.

The Group's approach to
shareholder communications is
described in the corporate
governance report on pp 62-67.

The Chief Executive Officer and the
Chief Financial Officer act as the
main point of contact for shareholders
(company.secretary@alphafmc.com).

Principte 3: Take into account
wider stakeholder and social
responsibilities and their
implications for long-term
success.

The Board, supported by the executive team, upholds a
commitment to operating a socially and ethically
responsible company.

Engagement with stakeholders and wider communities
ensures alignment of interests and facilitates good
decision making.

The Group's community and
corporate social responsibility
disclosure is provided as part of the
sustainable business section on
pp 34-41.

The Group's engagement model
with clients and wider stakeholders
is described in the Strategic
Report on pp 32-33.

| Principle 4: Embed effective
risk management, considering
both opportunities and threats,
throughout the organisation.

The Board has overall responsibility for the Group's risk
management framework including internal control and risk
management systems. in executing this role, it regularly

! considers and reviews the risks and opportunities facing
| the Alpha business.

The goal of the Board is to set policies that seek to reduce
ongoing risk as far as possible, without unduly affecting
the Group's competitiveness and flexibility.

The Group's risk management
framework is described in the
‘Strategic Report on pp 47-49 and
in the corporate governance
report on pp 66-67.

alphatme.com


===== page 64 =====
adynam

Principle 6: Maintain the Board
a9 a wall functioning, balanced
team led by the Chair.

Annual Report & Accounts 2023

framework

The Group believes that the Board's composition brings
a dosirablo rango of skills, perconal qualitios and
professional credentials. Suitable Board operations,
access to advice and administrative services, effective
induction of new Directors and a regular performance
assessment also ensure Board effectiveness.

The Board's composition and
oporating framework ars deecribed
in the corporate governance
report on pp 62-67.

61

Principle 6: Ensure that
between them the Directors
have the necessary up-to-date
experience, skills and
capabilities.

As an AIM-quoted provider of specialist consultancy
services to the asset management, wealth management
and insurance industries, Alpha’s Board needs to
represent a range of skills and competencies. The Alpha
Board includes experience in public markets, financial
services, governance and audit, the consulting sector,
and business operations.

Biographical details of the Directors,
including relevant experiences and
how skill sets are kept up to date,
are provided on pp 58-59.

Principte 7: Evaluate Board
performance based on clear
and relevant objectives,
seeking continuous
improvement.

The objectives of the Board are to approve the Group's
strategy, budgets and key corporate activities, and to
oversee the Group's progress towards its goals.

The Group has a process for evaluating the performance
of the Board, committees and individual Directors in
respect of those objectives.

The Board's evaluation framework
and FY 23 evaluation process are
described in the corporate
governance report on p. 65 and
in the Nomination Committee
report on p. 69.

Principle 8: Promote a
corporate culture that is based
on ethical values and
behaviours.

The Board is conscious of its role in fostering

and safeguarding a culture of inclusion, responsibility
and openness. These values are embedded across the
Group's leadership and throughout the organisation.

The Group's culture and vaiues are
discussed in the looking after our
people section on pp 26-27.

Principle 9: Maintain
governance structures and
processes that are fit for
purpose and good decision
making by the Board.

The Group operates an effective, streamlined governance
framework. In this framework, the Board supports the
‘executive team to develop and execute the Group's
strategy, and key decisions are reached through open
and constructive dialogue.

Aggovernance chart is provided on
p. 66 and processes are described
on pp 62-67 of the corporate
governance report.

Section 3: Build trust

Principle 10: Communicate how
the Company is governed and
is performing by maintaining a
dialogue with shareholders and
other relevant stakeholders.

The Group places a great emphasis on high standards
of corporate governance and maintaining effective
engagement with its shareholders and stakeholders.
In addition to the Annual Report and Accounts, the
website is updated regularly with information regarding
the Group's activities and performance.

Links to the foll

ig report section

The governance of the Company,
which is led by the Board, is
described in the corporate
governance report on pp 62-67.

The website, alphafme.com/
investors, provides the Group's
reports and presentations, notices
of AGM and results of voting on all
resolutions at AGMs.

alphafme.com

aoueusanoy ayesoduog


===== page 65 =====
62 Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Corporate Governance

Corporate governance report

Board composition

‘The Board comprises six Directors: the independent Non-Executive
Chairman, three independent Non-Executive Directors and two
Executive Directors. Maeve Byme joined the Board as an independent
Non-Executive Director on 16 May 2022. Euan Fraser stepped
down as a Director and Chief Executive Officer on 31 March 2023.
Luc Baqué succeeded Euan as Group Chief Executive Officer on
4 April 2023.

As a provider of specialist consultancy and complementary
services to the asset management, wealth management and
insurance industries, and an AIM-quoted company, Alpha requires
arrange of skills, capabilities and competencies to be represented
uni tie Buard, Including experience in public markets, financial
services, governance and audit, the consulting sector and business
operations. The Board is confident that its members have the
appropriate balance of functional and sector experience, skills,
personal qualities and capabilities to provide constructive support
and challenge to the Executive Directors, and to deliver the strategy
of the Group for the benefit of the shareholders over the medium
to long term. The biographies of the Directors, including a summary
ot their relevant skills and experience, can be found on pp 58-59.

The Board also recognises that, as the Group evolves, the mix of skills
and experience required on the Board may evolve and the Board
composition will need to reflect those changes. The Nomination
‘Commilleg tas responsiblity for succession planning. tt considered
the succession plan and process for the new Chief Executive
Officer during the year and will continue its focus in this area as
the Board and senior leadership team develops.

A Board performance evaluation was undertaken in March 2023,
which assessed the Board's composition and skills, in addition to
other factors such as strategy, performance and Board functioning
and dynamics. The results of Board performance evaluations are
used to inform the Company's succession planning process.
Further details of the 2023 Board evaluation process can be
found on p. 65.

Roles of the Directors

The Group operates an effective, streamlined governance framework.
The Board has collective and ultimate responsibility for establishing
a strategy and business model that promote long-term value for
shareholders. The Board is supported by the Group's executive
team, led by the Chief Executive Officer, in developing and
executing the Group's strategy.

The Executive Directors that served on the Board during the year
were Euan Fraser, as Chief Executive Officer, and John Paton,
the Chief Financial Officer. Luc Baqué succeeded Euan Fraser
as Chief Executive Officer on 1 April 2023. The Executive Directors
have strong knowledge of the operations of the Group, the
interests of its stakeholders, and its market and financial positions.
Senior executives below Board level attend Board meetings upon
request to present and discuss business strategy and updates.

alphafme.com

The independent Non-Executive Directors of the Board are Ken
Fry, Penny Judd, Jill May and Maeve Byrne. They were selected
with the objective of increasing the breadth of skills and experience
of the Board, bringing constructive and independent challenge to
the Executive Directors and monitoring their performance. The
Non-Executive Directors are also responsible for the effective
running of the Board’s committees and ensuring that the committees
support and facilitate the strategic priorities of the Board.

Penny Judd is the Senior Independent Non-Executive Director
("SID"), The principal role of the SID is to act as a sounding board
for the Chairman and to serve as an intermediary for the other
Directors when necessary. Penny is also available to shareholders
should thoy wish to discuss concorns that thoy fel have not boon
resolved through the normal channels of engagement with the
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer or Executive Directors, or for
which such contact is inappropriate.

At the head of the Group, there is a clear delineation of
responsibilities between the Chairman of the Board and the Chief
Executive Officer. The Non-Executive Chairman leads the Board
and is rosponsible for its govornance, porformanco and offectiveness.
This includes oncuring that tho dynamics of the Board are functional
and productive and that no individual Director dominates
discussion or decision making. In this role, the Chairman sets the
tone for the Company and ensures that the links between the
Board and tho oxocutive team, as well as between the Board and
the shareholders, are strong and effective. Meanwhile, the Chief
Executive Officer is responsible for the day-to-day management
of the Group's global operations, for proposing the strategic plan
and focuses to the Board, and for implementing the strategic
goals agreed by the Board.

Board of Directors Kon Fry Independent
Responsible for establishing Non-Executive
the Company's strategic Chairman
direction and overseeing
a robust framework
‘of governance.
Executive Directors Euan Fraser - Chief Executive
Responsible for day-to-day resigned Officer
management of the 31 March 2023
Company's business Luc Baqué -
operations and delivery appointed
of Group strategy. 1 April 2023
John Paton Chief Financial
Officer
Non-Executive Penny Judd Senior independent
Directors Non-Executive
Responsible for providing Director
independent challenge to, ~ ji May Independent
and oversight of the Non-Executive
performance of, the Director
Executive Directors.
Maeve Byrne Independent
Non-Executive
Director



===== page 66 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2023 63

Board independence

The Board considers an independent Non-Executive Director
to be free from any relationship that might materially interfere
with the exercise of independent judgement.

The Non-Executive Directors are considered to be independent
and therefore the Board is compliant with the QCA Code on the
topic of Director independence. All Directors are encouraged and
expected to use their indopendent judgomont and to challonge all
matters, whether strategic or operational

Appointments to the Board and re-election

The Board has delegated to the Nomination Committee the
task of reviewing Board composition, searching for appropriate
candidates and making recommendations to the Board on
candidates to be appointed to the Board. Decisions regarding
the appointment and removal of Directors are reserved for the
full Board. Further details are set out in the Nomination
Committee report on pp 68-69.

Under the Company's Articles of Association, the Directors have
the power to appoint new Directors during the year, but any person
appointed by the Board since the last Annual General Meeting is
obligcd to rotiro and offer themselves for ro-alection. Accordingly,
Luc Baqué wil offer himsetf for election at the 2023 AGM. Furthermore,
in accordance with recommended best practice, all Directors will
offer themselves for re-election at the 2023 AGM. The Board
considers that each of the Directors offering themselves for election
or re-election makes a valuabie contribution to the Board and
demonstrates commitment to the Group.

Diversity

The Board values diversity in its broadest sense and is committed
to creating an inclusive culture, free from discrimination of any
kind. When assessing new Director appointments, the Nomination
Committee considers the benefits of diversity for better decision
making and diversity of thought, in addition to looking at how to
maintain within the Board the appropriate balance of skills,
independence and knowledge of the Company, its services and
the industry as a whole. Recognising the benefits that diversity
can bring to all areas of the Group and noting the recommendations
in the reports of the Hampton-Alexander review and the FTSE
Women Leaders review”, women currently represent 50% of
Alpha's Board.

The Group has a well-established Diversity & Inclusion programme,
which has been run voluntarily by members of the global consulting
team and is focused on key areas of diversity and inclusion. Alpha
is committed to a positive policy of promoting equality of opportunity
and diversity, providing an inclusive environment, and eliminating
any unfair or unlawful discrimination, which applies to all offices,
all business areas and all levels from graduate to the Chief
Executive Officer. In order to consider the effectiveness and
priorities of the Diversity & Inclusion programme, the Board

has roquested to reccivo a rogular update on the programme.

The Group has hired a Global Diversity Manager to help ensure
that Alpha’s governance, recruitment and internal processes are
managed and evolving appropriately to deliver a sufficiently
diverse group of candidates, hires and employees.

Further details on the Group's approach to diversity and inclusion,
including its programme and policy, can be found in the sustainable
business section of this report.

Gender
@ Male-3

© Female-3

Role

@ | 0ependent Non-Executive
Chairman 1

@ | 2dependent Non-Executive
Directors - 3

Executive Directors - 2

Length of tenure
@ 0-1 years-0
@ 1-3 years-2
@ 3-5 yoars-0
O 5-10 years - 4
* 10+ years -0

20 Rees lo the | tamislon-Alexander review and [TSE Women Leaders review (UK) into increasing the numbor of vomon on boards and in anior loadorchip positions.
‘The final report of the Hampton-Alexander review was published in February 2021: ihe latest report of the FTSE Women Leaders review was published in February 2023.

alphafme.com

@OURUIBADDH 3}e10dI0D


===== page 67 =====
64 Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Corporate Governance

Corporate governance report continued

How the Board operates

The Board is responsible for the Group's strategy
and overall management. The operation of the
Board is documented in a formal schedule of
matters reserved for its approval, which sets out
the Board's responsibilities.

The Board is required to meet at least six times a
year. During the financial year, seven formal
scheduled Board meetings took place and a.
number of ad-hoc calls were held to discuss
current matters and approve financial results
announcements and trading updates. The Board
also held dedicated strategy sessions in April and
September 2022, in line with the schedule of
annual Board activity. The Directors serving in the
year attended all meetings of the Board, and the
committees on which they sit, and ensure that
they allocate sufficient time to the Group as is
needed to enable them to carry out their
responsibilities as Directors.

The time commitment required of all Non-Executive
Directors is currently three days per month, which
is set out in their letters of appointment. During the
year, the Board reviewed the time commitment of
the Non-Executive Directors and is satisfied that
each of the Directors dedicates sufficient time to
the Group's business.

The Board and committee schedules are planned
in advance of the financial year ahead, in order to
facilitate attendance and ensure that the appropriate
discussion time is available. A record of the
number of meetings of the Board during FY 23,
and the attendance by each Board member is
provided below:

Eligible to
Board member attend Attendance
Ken Fry (Chairman) 7 7
Maeve Byrne* 6 6
Euan Fraser 7 7
Penny Judd 7 7
Jill May 7 7
John Paton 7 7

* Maeve Byme was appointed during the year on 16 May 2022 and
attended all meetings which she was eligible to attend.

alphatme.com

The Board has an agenda of regular business, financial and operational matters for
discussion, as well as a review of each of the Board committee's areas of work.
The key activities of the Board meetings during the year included the following:

Strategic Discussed the strategy and reviewed the progress
of strategic priorities.
Discussed the Group's capital structure and
financial strategy.
Consideration of succession planning for the
Chief Executive Officer.
Discussed the acquisition of Shoreline after the year end.
Performance Approved the financial reporting, including interim and
full-year results.
Reviewed the dividend policy and approved a final
dividend of 7.50p per share in relation to the year ended
31 March 2022.
Considered and declared an interim dividend of 3.70p per
share for FY 23,
Governance Considered financial and non-financial policies, including
andrisk the risk policy.
Reviewed the Group’s risk assessments and risk
management framework.
Discussed and monitored the regulatory and compliance
landscape and reviewed corporate governance
requirements and processes.
Approved the appointment of a new Executive Director
to the Board.
Established a new ESG Committee with effect from the
beginning of the second half.
+ Stakeholders Continued an open dialogue with the investor community.

Reviewed the progress of key client relationships and
engagements across the Group.

Reviewed the actions taken by senior management to
review and support employee wellbeing.

The Chairman, aided by the Company Secretary (a role fulfilled by Prism Cosec),
is responsibte for ensuring that the Directors receive accurate and timely
information for Board meetings. The Company Secretary provides minutes

of each meeting and every Director is aware of the right to have any concerns
documented. In addition, the Company Secretary ensures that any feedback or
‘suggestions for improvement of the Board papers arc documented and evaluated
for amendment or enhancement with respect to future meetings of the Board.


===== page 68 =====
Committees of the Board

The Board has in place Audit and Risk, Remuneration,
Nomination and ESG Committees, each with delegated
responsibilities and duties set out formally. within terms of
reference. The terms of reference for the individual committees
are reviewed regularly and approved by the Board.

From time to time, separate committees may be set up by the
Board to consider and address specific issues or objectives,
when the need arises.

Audit and Risk Committee

Responsible for monitoring the integrity of the Company's
financial statements and overseeing the effectiveness of
the Company's systems of risk management and internal
control. The Audit and Risk Committee report can be found
on pp 70-72.

Nomination Committee

Responsible for the structure, size, composition and
succession planning of the Board. Further information can
be found on pp 68-69.

Remuneration Committee

Responsible for setting fixed and variable Executive Director
remuneration and monitoring senior management
remuneration levels. Further information can be found on
pp 73-77.

ESG Committee

Rosponeiblo for tho offoctive dovolopmont and implomentation
of the Group's ESG strategy and was established in the
second half of FY 23. An inaugural ESG Committee report will
be included in the Group's 2024 Annual Report and Accounts,
after a full year of operation. Further information about the
Group's corporato ESG prioritios, offorts and progress can bo
found in the sustainable business section on pp 34-41

In line with the recommendations of the QCA Code, the Board
reviewed the structure and composition of the Board committees
and, after the AGM in September 2022, Maeve Byrne took on the
role of Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee and Penny Judd is
now the Chair of the Remuneration Committee.

During the year, the Board established the ESG Committee, which
is chaired by Jill May. The Committee will assist the Board on the
progression and dovolopment of the ESG strategy; agrooing
objectives and focus arcas for, and rocoiving progross updates
from, the Group's executive team and dedicated responsible
business roles.

Annual Report & Accounts 2023 65

External advisers

The Board members may seek the advice of the Group’s legal
advisers, corporate brokers, external auditor and the Nominated
Adviser ("NOMAD") on matters within the Board or the committees’
terms of reference, or to provide recommendations on specific
corporate or governance events. Following his resignation as
Chief Executive Officer on 31 March 2028, Euan Fraser is now a
strategic adviser to the Board.

Investec is the Group's NOMAD, as well as its joint broker
alongside Berenberg. The Directors have direct access to the
advice and services of Prism Cosec, which acts as Company
Secretary for the Group.

Development, information and support

The Company Secretary ensures that all Directors are kept
abreast of changes in relevant legislation and regulations, with
the assistance of the Group’s other advisers where appropriate.
Executive Directors are subject to the Group's performance
development review process through which their performance
against predetermined objectives is reviewed and their personal
and professional development needs are considered. Non-Executive
Directors are encouraged to raise any personal development or
training needs with the Chairman or Company Secretary.

Board effectiveness

The objectives of the Board are to review, formulate and approve
the Group's strategy, to review, discuss and agree budgets and
key corporate activities, and to oversee the Group's progress
towards its goals. The Group has a process for evaluating the
performance of the Board, of its committees and of the Directors
individually in respect of these objectives. In addition, the Chairman
assesses the Board as a whole regularly to ensure that it is
functioning efficiently and productively.

A formal Board evaluation process was conducted in March 2023
by Prism Cosec, employing a detailed questionnaire completed
by members of the Board. The aim of the evaluation was to obtain
actionable views on the effectiveness of the Board, its committees
and key governance areas. The questionnaire focused on Board
and committee composition and skills, strategy and performance,
governance and organisation, Board functioning and dynamics,
stakeholder engagement and Director self-evaluation. A summary
of the results was presented to the Board for agreement on focus
aroac and rolated actions.

The conclusions from the March 2023 evaluation confirmed

that the Board continues to function effectively as a unit and in
committees, and that the surrounding Board governance and
operations reflect the culture and values of the Group. Some
actions for further improvements in FY 24 were identified including
a review of the format and content of key Board reports.

alphafme.com

aoueusanog ayesodiog,


===== page 69 =====
66 Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Corporate Governance

Corporate governance report continued

Board structure
Alpha Board
Agrees Group strategy
Oversees progress towards strategic goals Key
Executive:
Shareholder and stakeholder engagement Bi Audit and Risk Committee
GESG Committee

Chairman of the Board
Leadership of the Board
Reviews performance of the Board Directors
Ensures corporate governance

BNomination Committee
Remuneration Committee

Group Strategy Group Audit and Risk
Committee Coordination Committee
Defines and proposes any Committee — Ensureseftective systems
changes to the strategy Management of of internal control and

i risk management
Execution of strategy business operations ag

‘Oversees the Group's
financial reporting

Monitors and addresses Coordination of

Environment, Nomination Remuneration

Social and Committee Committee
Governance Reviews Board Agrees Group
Committee composition and remuneration policies
Oversees development Llaicdbaiiad Ensures operation of
of the ESG strategy and Leads the process for transparent, simple and

agrees associated targets Board appointments effective incentive

strategic risk ‘commercial activities.
Maintains Group Appoints and oversees Reviews implementation Ensures appropriate abe
governance structure the relationship with and progress of succession planning Considers alignment of
the external auditor the ESG strategy reward with long-term
Ensures appropriate shareholder value
ESG focuses within
Alpha's governance and
business model
Chief Group Global Head, Global Head,
Executive Managing AWM Insurance
Officer Director Consulting Consulting
Chief Global Head, Global Head,
Financial Aiviq Lionpoint and
Officer Axxsys

Conflicts of interest

The Company has effective procedures in place to identify,
monitor and manage any conflicts of interest. At each meeting of
the Board or its committees, the Directors are required to declare
any interests in the matters to be discussed and are regularly
reminded of their duty to notify any actual or potential conflicts of
interest. The Company's Articles provide for the Board to authorise
any actual oF potential Contlcts Ot interest i deemed appropriate
lodu su.

alphafmc.com

Internal controls and risk management

The Board has overall accountability for the systems of internal
control and risk management. The Audit and Risk Committee
reviews and assures the effectiveness of the Group's internal
controls and risk management on the Board's behalf.

As part of that duty, the Board determines the Group's risk
management appelile and policies. In this respeut, the ubjective
of the Board is to set policies that seek to reduce ongoing risk as
far as pocciblo, without unduly affecting tho Group's compotitiveness
and flexibility. The Board believes that this approach serves the
interests of creating sustainable shareholder value while also
protecting the Group's corporate culture and other

stakeholder interests.


===== page 70 =====
is)

Engagement calendar FY 23

Annual Report & Accounts 2023 67

April 2022 June 2022 September 2022 October 2022 March 2023
Pre-close Full-year results Private client broker Pre-close Trading update
investor virtual roadshow, and shareholder investor and capital
meetings UK and Europe meetings, UK meetings markets day

i

April 2022 September 2022
Pre-close Annual General
trading update Meeting

The operational functions of the Group are carried out within a
practical and effective risk management framework. The Group
Coordination Committee has executive responsibility for identifying
and managing risk effectively across the business. Any material
operational decisions made by the Group Coordination
Committee in this respect are reviewed by the Board.

The identified material operational, industry, financial, and
environmental and social risks facing the Group are also reportod
to the Board. A summary of the principal risks and uncertainties,
ac wall as mitigating actions, aro providod in tho principal risko
and uncertainties section of the Strategic Report. The Board
formally reviews, agrees and documents the principal risks to the
business at least annually.

Alpha appointed a full-time Global Head of Risk within Alpha’s
business operations at the start of the financial year to reinforce
oversight of Alpha’s risk framework and processes. During the
year, the Board reviewed the Group's risk policy along with the
risk framework and internal controls, and agreed they were
appropriate for the operating context and business model.
Procosses to embod rick managomont throughout the Group,
and opportunities to introduce further enhancements, continue to
be reviewed and changes are implemented as appropriate.

Shareholder communications

The Board places great emphasis on maintaining an effective
dialogue with shareholders, which it considers to be integral to
long-term growth and success. It is committed to communicating
consistently and openly with shareholders.

The principal methods of communication are the Annual Report
and Accounts, the interim and full-year results announcements,
the AGM and the Group's investor website, alphafme.com/
investors. The website is updated regularly with information
rogarding tho Group's govornance, activitios and performance,
including both statutory and non-statutory regulatory news
announcements, which are issued throughout the year to update
(on financial, operational and other matters.

The Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer meet with
the representatives of the Group's institutional investors as well as.
investment analysts to ensure that the Group's corporate objectives,
etratogioe and oporational dovolopmonts are cloar and understood.
Alpha held its annual virtual capital markets day in March 2023,
where the members of Alpha’s senior team shared with shareholders

October 2022 November 2022 March-April 2023
- Pre-close Interim results Investor conference
trading update virtual roadshow, calls, UK and Europe
UK and Europe

its five-year strategic plan and key business updates including
North America and Insurance Consulting growth.

aouewsanog ayesodiog

In-person and virtual investor roadshows are held following the
announcement of the final and interim results, attended by the
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and there are
also ad-hoc investor meetings that are part of the building of
relationships with existing and future shareholders. Details of
investor rclations activity and a review of the shareholder reyisler
are shared with the Board on a regular basis during the year.

Understanding what analysts and investors think about the Group
is an equally important component of these interactions. The Board
as a whole is kept informed of their feedback and views by the
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. This includes
information provided by the Group's joint corporate brokers,
Berenberg and Investec, following investor meetings. The
Chairman and Non-Executive Directors are also available to meet
with shareholders, if required, to discuss any items of importance.

Annual General Meeting

The Company's sixth AGM is scheduled to take place on
Wednesday 6 September 2023 at the offices of Investec Bank
plc, 30 Gresham Street, London EC2V 7QN. Further details of the
arrangements for the AGM and voting procedures can be found in
the Notice of the 2023 Annual General Meeting, which is available
‘on the Group's investor website, alphatme.com/investors.

Voting results will be announced through the Regulatory News
Service and made available on the Group's investor website,
alphafmc.com/investors.

By order of the Board.

Ken Fry
Chairman

22 June 2023

alphafme.com


===== page 71 =====
68 Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Corporate Governance

Nomination Committee report

Ken Fry
Chair of the Nomination Committee

On behalf of the Board, | am pleased to present the
Nournination Commnillge’s report for the year ended 31
March 2023.

The Nomination Committee leads the
process for Board appointments and
makes recommendations about Board
composition and succession planning.

Committee composition and governance

The Committee is composed wholly of independent
Non-Executive Directors. It is chaired by the Chairman of the
Board, Ken Fry, and its other members are Penny Judd, Jill May
and Maeve Byrne. All members served throughout the year, with
the exception of Maeve Byrne, who joined the Committee on her
appointment to the Board on 16 May 2022.

The Nomination Committee meets as and when necessary, but at
least twice a year. The Nomination Committee met formally three
times during FY 23 and the table below sets out the attendance
record of each member of the Committee.

Eligible to
Committee member attend Attendance
Ken Fry (Chair) 3 3
Maeve Byrne" 2 2
Penny Judd 3 3
Jil! May 3 3

* Maeve Byrne was appointed during the year and attended all meetings that she was
eligible to attend,

In the event that the matter under discussion relates to the
Chairman's re-appointment or succession, the Committee is
Chaired by an independent Non-Executive Director.

Alpha's representative from Prism Cosec Limited, the Group's
Company Secretary, attends each meeting and the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer are invited to join
meetings as appropriate.

alphafme.com

Key responsibilities

The Committee's main duties are set out in its terms of reference,
which are reviewed annually and are available on the Company's
investor website (alphafmc.com/investors/board-committees).

The purpose of the Committee is to keep under review the
structure, size and composition of the Board, as well as
succession planning for the Directors. It leads the process for
identifying and nominating, for approval by the Board, candidates
to fill Board and committee vacancies.

The Committee follows a robust process for recommending
appointments and re-appointments to the Board. Its primary
responsibilities in this area include:

=. regularly roviewing tho ctructuro; sizo and composition of tho
Board to ensure that it has an appropriate balance of skills,
independence, knowledge, experience and diversity;

— considering succession planning for the Board Directors and
senior executives, taking into account the challenges and
opportunitics facing the Company and widor Group, along with
skills and expertise that may be required in the future;

— identifying and nominating for approval by the Board
candidates to fill Board vacancies as and when they arise;

= ensuring that the necessary due diligence and conflicts of
interest checks have been undertaken before an appointment
is made;

— monitoring whether satisfactory induction is provided to new
Directors to develop their knowledge of the Group, and their
Board and committee responsibilities; and

— reviewing the results of the Board evaluation process and
ensuring that the conclusions are captured and actioned
where necessary.

Adescription of how the Committee has carried out its responsibilities
through the key activities of the year is provided below.

Chief Executive Officer succession

On 22 November 2022, we announced that Luc Baqué would
succeed Euan Fraser as Chief Executive Officer at the end of the
financial year. In line with the QCA Code, the Committee closely
monitors succession plans and identifies possible internal candidates
for future Board roles. In respect of Euan’s successor, the Committee
agreed that an external search process would not be necessary as.
Luc Baqué had been identified, through the Committee's succession
planning considerations, to succeed Euan.

Luc joined Alpha in 2010 to establish the Paris office and, after
successive promotions, became Global Head of Asset & Wealth
Management Consulting from 2020. He has been a key member
of the executive team and has made a significant contribution to
Alpha's success. Luc became Chief Executive Officer and joined
the Board as an Executive Director on 1 April 2023.


===== page 72 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2023 69

Non-Executive selection and appointment

In the 2022 Annual Report and Accounts, we reported in detail on
the Committee's work tu identify anu recruil a ew Non-Execulive
Director. This work culminated in the appointment of Maeve Byrne
to the Board with effect from 16 May 2022.

Board induction

In common with all new Director appointments, Maeve Byrne
benefited from a tailored induction programme that was designed
to onsure sho developed an undorctanding of the business and of
tho role and responsibilitios of a Mon Exocutivo Diroctor. Maeve's
induction included one-to-one meetings with other Directors,
members of the Group's senior management team and external
advisers. It is planned that Luc Baqué will also go through a
detailed and tailored induction programme, which is ongoing
through FY 24.

Board committee structure

In the previous financial year, the Committee recommended
various changos to tho composition of tho Board's committoos
These changes were approved by the Board and were implemented
following the Company's AGM in September 2022. They included
Maeve Byrne becoming Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee
and Penny Judd becoming Chair of the Remuneration Committee.

The Committee also recommended the establishment of an ESG
Committee, to be chaired by Jill May. This recommendation has
been implemented and the ESG Committee was established in
the second half of FY 23 and held its first meeting as a full
committee on 27 April 2023.

All Board committees are composed of independent
Non-Executive Directors.

Succession planning

A key role of the Committee is to ensure that the Group has
appropriate succession planning in place. During the year, the
Commitice roviowod and approved contingoncy and cuccossion
plans for cach mombor of tho Board. Following tho appointmont
of Luc Baqué on 1 April, the succession pian for the role of Chief
Executive Officer will be refreshed.

Succession plans are reviewed by the Committee each year.

Renewal of appointment letter

The Committee considered the renewal of the appointments of Jil
May and Ken Fry, whose current terms of office are due to expire
at the 2023 AGM. The Committee recommended to the Board
that cach appointmont bo ronowod for a furthor throo yoar torm
from the conclusion of the 2023 AGM. The Board approved the
recommendation and each appointment was renewed for three
years to expire at the conclusion of the 2026 AGM.

Board evaluation

As part of the Board's commitment to maintaining a strong corporate
yoverialive farnework, the Cunittee reviews the approach to, and
results of, the Board's performance evaluation process.

A formal Board evaluation process was conducted by Prism
Cosec in March 2023 by way of a detailed questionnaire
completed by the Directors. The aim of the evaluation was to
obtain actionable views on the effectiveness of the Board, its
committees and key governance areas. The responses were
collated and reviewed by the Chairman and a summary of the
results was presented to the Board in April 2023.

eourusancg ayesodiog,

The conclusions from this evaluation confirmed that the Board
continues to function effectively as a unit and in committees, and
that its operation reflects the culture and values of the Group.
Actions arising from the process included a review of the format
and content of certain Board reports.

The Committee continues to believe that the Board, its sub-
committees and the Directors individually operate an optimal
structure to secure future growth, while maintaining the Group's
unique culture.

Diversity

In executing its duties, the Nomination Committee objectively
considers candidates on merit and with due regard for the benefits
of diversity, including gender and ethnic diversity, on the Board.

Alpha is an equal opportunities employer and the Group's policy is
to ensure that all employees, or those seeking employment, are
treated fairly. This policy applies at Board level and across the
Group. All decisions relating to recruitment, selection and promotion
are made objectively regardless of race, ethnicity, nationality,
gender, sexual orientation, religious belief, political opinion, age,
disability and educational or socioeconomic background.

Following the appointment of Maeve Byrne, and the succession
of Luc Baqué to the role of Chief Executive Officer, the Board
continues to exceed the gender diversity target set by the
Hampton-Alexander review and the FTSE Women Leaders review
2022, with women representing 50% of the Board. The Board will
continue to work to improve diversity within the Board and the
wider management team.

In order to consider the effectiveness and priorities of Alpha’s
Diversity & Inclusion programme, the Board receives updates on
the programme as part of the Board presentation schedule.
Following the establishment of the ESG Committee, review of the
Group's diversity and inclusion strategy, policies and initiatives will
be covered within the scope of ils meetings arid discussions.
Further information about Alpha’s Diversity & Inclusion
programme, including Alpha’s Visability Contident accreditation,
is provided in both the looking after our people and the
sustainable business sections of the Annual Report.

Ken Fry
Chair of the Nomination Committee

22 June 2023

alphafme.com


===== page 73 =====
70 Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Corporate Governance

Audit and Risk Committee report

Maeve Byrne
Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee

On behalf of the Board, | am pleased to present my first Audit
and Risk Committee report as Chair of the Committee for the
year ended 31 March 2023.

The Audit and Risk Committee provides
independent oversight of the Group's
financial statements and performance
reporting, and of the Group's systems
of internal financial control and

risk management.

Committee composition and governance

The Audit and Risk Committee is composed wholly of
independent Non-Executive Directors. It is chaired by Maeve
Byrne and its other members are Ken Fry, Penny Judd and Jill
May. Maeve Byrne joined the Committee on her appointment
to the Board on 16 May 2022 and took over the role of Chair
of the Committee from Penny Judd after the AGM on
13 September 2022. Penny Judd and Maeve Byrne have
recent and relevant financial experience with competence in
accounting or auditing. More information on the Committee
members’ skills and experience is provided in the Board of

* Directors section on pp 58-59.

The Audit and Risk Committee meets as and when necessary,
but at least three times a year. The Committee met three times
during CY 20 and the table below sets out the atlendance record
of each member of the Cornilles.

Eligible to
Committee member attend Attendance
Maeve Byrne (Chair) 3 3
Penny Judd 3 3
Ken Fry 3 3
Jill May 3 3

The Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Executive Officer attend
meetings at the request of the Committee Chair to facilitate
discussion of the financial statements and systems of financial
control and risk management. Both Directors joined part of each
meeting held in FY 23.

alphatme.com

Alpha's representative from Prism Cosec Limited, the Group's
Company Secretary, attends each meeting and the recently
appointed Global Head of Risk and Group Finance Director, and
the lead audit partner and members of the team from the Group's
auditor, KPMG LLP, are invited to attend some meetings of the
Committee. The Committee has unrestricted access to the
Company Secretary and to the lead audit partner and other
members of the KPMG team.

At least once a year, the Committee meets with the auditor
without the presence of any Executive Director in order to discuss
independently the auditor's remit and any other issues arising
from the audit; they met in this manner once during the year.

Key responsibilities

The purpose of the Audit and Risk Committee is to oversee the
Group's internal financial controls and risk management systems,
to recommend the interim and full-year financial results to the
Board, and to monitor the integrity of all formal reports and
announcements relating to the Company's financial performance.
In addition, the Committee is responsible for appointing the
external auditor of the Group, maintaining that relationship and
reporting the findings and recommendations of the external
auditor to the Board.

The main duties of the Committee are set out in its terms of
reference, which are reviewed annually and are available

‘on the Company's investor website (alphafmc.com/investors/
board-committees).

The Committee's key responsibilities include the following:

— monitoring the integrity of the Group's financial statements,
including the full-year and interim reports, and other significant
announcements relating to financial performance, and
reviewing any significant reporting issues and judgements;

— advising on the clarity of disclosure and information contained
in the financial reports;

— ensuring compliance with relevant accounting standards and
reviewing the consistency of the methodology applied;

— reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of the systems of
internal control and the risk management framework;

= ovorsoding tho rolationship with the external auditor, roviowing
performanco and advicing the Board membors on tho auditor's
appointment and remuneration; and

— reviewing and discussing the findings of the audit with the
external auditor.

A description of how the Committee has carried out its responsibilities
through the key activities of the year is provided below.

Activities during the year

During FY 23, the Committee reviewed and approved the
Group's FY 22 preliminary and FY 23 interim results including
consideration of the significant accounting issues relating to
the financial statements and the going concern review.


===== page 74 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2023 71

In its responsibility to assure the Group's financial control and risk
management environment, the Committee continued its focus on
risk and financial controls, monitoring progress against the plan
to implement refinements to systems and processes, to further
improve the financial control environment and to enhance team
operations. Status reports were reviewed and discussed at the
Committee's meetings in November 2022 and February 2023.

Following a review of resourcing of the Group finance team in

FY 22, the finance team has been further strengthened in line with
the Group’s increasing complexity and accounting requirements
as it grows, including the appointment of a Group Finance
Director in FY 23. The Committee was kept updated on the
progress of the successful implementation of an upgrade to

the Group's key accounting system and on financial control
improvements implemented during the year. The Committee also
reviewed and approved an updated treasury policy and limits.

On behalf of the Board, the Committee oversees and assures

the Group's risk processes and risk reporting across all business
units. Alongside the audit process, there is an ongoing focus

to identify, assess and manage the risks faced by the Group
across a broad range of relevant topics that includes industry,
operational, financial, social and environmental risk. As part of the
annual agenda of risk review, a focused risk session took place at
the Committee’s meeting in February 2023 and the Group
Managing Director and the Global Head of Risk were invited to
attend the meeting. The Committee reviewed and discussed
updates to the risk policy, the risk management framework and
the risk report, which includes key risks identified across the Group.

The principal risks to the Group, along with the identified
mitigating actions, are set out in the principal risks and
uncertainties section of the Strategic Report on pp 50-53.

The Committee reviewed the year-end audit plan and considered
the scope of the audit as well as the external auditor's fees.

The Committee also reviewed and updated its terms of reference
and these were approved by the Board.

External auditor appointment and tenure

The Committee oversees the relationship with the external auditor
and monitors all services that it provides and the fees payable,

to ensure that potential conflicts of interest are considered and
that an objective and professional relationship is maintained. In
particular, the Committee reviews and monitors the independence
and objectivity of the external auditor and the effectiveness of the
audit process.

KPMG LLP was first appointed as the Group's external auditor in
2015. In line with the policy on lead partner rotation, the current
lead partner was appointed foliowing completion of the FY 19
audit. The Committee has assessed the frequency of tendering
and the length of tenure of the external auditor in reviewing the
policy, and the Committee will consider the tenure of the external
audit contract at the end of the current lead partner's tenure,
which concludes after the FY 24 financial year end.

KPMG LLP did not provide any non-audit services during the
year. An analysis of the remuneration to the external auditor in
respect of audit services during the year is set out in note 3 to
the consolidated financial statements.

The Committee seeks feedback from the Chief Financial Officer
and senior members of the finance team on the effectiveness

of the external auditor and the audit process. The Committee
continues to be satisfied with the scope of the external auditor's
work and the effectiveness of the external audit process and is
satisfied that KPMG remains independent in the discharge of its
audit responsibilities. The Committee is, therefore, pleased to
recommend to the Board that a resolution to re-appoint KPMG
LLP as the Company's auditor be proposed at the forthcoming AGM.

Audit process

The external auditor prepares an audit plan for its review of the
full-year financial statements, and the audit plan is reviewed and
agreed in advance by the Committee. Before the approval of

the financial statements, the external auditor presents its findings
to the Committee, highlighting areas of significant financial
judgement or estimation for discussion. The Committee also
reviews the external auditor's management letter and detailed
Presentations are made to the Committee by the auditor at least
twice a year. There is an active discussion between the
Committee and the auditor on any recommendations to improve
the efficiency of the audit process.

Significant accounting matters

In the year, the Audit and Risk Committee considered key
accounting issues and significant judgements and estimates in
relation to the Group's FY 23 financial statements. These matters
were discussed and reviewed with the finance team and the
external auditor. The Audit and Risk Committee challenged
judgements and sought clarification where necessary.

The Committee received a report from the external auditor on the
work it had performed to arrive at its conclusions and discussed
any material findings contained within that report. The information
contained in the table on p. 72 should be considered together
with KPMG’s independent auditor's report on pp 82-88 and the
accounting policies disclosed in the notes to the financial
statements as referenced in the table.

alphafme.com

aoueusanoy ayes0ds09


===== page 75 =====
72 Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Corporate Governance

Audit and Risk Committee report continued

Significant accounting matters continued

Area of focus

How it was addressed

Revenue recognition

Revenue is the most significant caption in the statement of comprehensive:
income and, by its nature, revenue recognition is a key accounting policy.
‘Whilst the majority of Group revenue is contracted on a time and materials.
basis, the Group also has some fixed-priced milestone contracts. The
recognition of revenue on such contracts in progress at the year end involves
consideration of the detailed contractual terms against the requirements of
IFRS 16 and an assessment of whether performance obligations under the
contract have been met at the balance sheet date.

Alternative performance measures

To assist in understanding the underlying performance of the Group and to aid
‘comparability between accounting periods, some alternative performance
measures ("APMs") are presented, which differ from measures presented in
accordance with Intemational Financia! Reporting Standards ("IFRS"). These
APMs exclude certain adjusting items, Judgement is required to identify those
adjusting items that are deemed to warrant exclusion from the calculation of
the Group's adjusted measures due to either their nature or size.

Share-based payments

Significant estimates are required in relation to the catculation of the
share-based payment expense under IFRS 2 and the associated social
security costs. These estimates include the assessment of the fair value
of share options at the date of grant, the probability that share options will
vest in the future and the future share price at the vesting date.

Contingent consideration

Contingent consideration liabilities arising from earn-out arrangements are
initially measured at fair value on the acquisition date and are subsequently
remeasured at fair value at each balance sheet date, The fair value calculations
contain estimation uncertainty linked to the future performance of the acquired
businesses and the determination of an appropriate discount rate.

Internal audit

The Committee has considered the need for an internal audit
function during the year and continues to be of the view that,
given the size and nature of the Group's operations and finance
team, there is no current requirement to establish a separate
internal audit function. Internal assurance is obtained through the
Group's review of risks and controls as detailed on pp 70-72.

As part of this ongoing review of controls, it is planned that the
Group will engage an external, independent, third-party internal
audit firm to conduct an assessment of the Group's current
internal control environment and a review report will be presented
to the Committee for its review in due course.

Share dealing, anti-bribery and whistleblowing

The Group has adopted a share dealing code in conformity with the
requirements of Rule 21 of the AIM Rules. All employees, including
new joiners, are required to agree to comply with the code.

alphafme.com

Detailed revenue year-end cut-off procedures have been performed internally,
including a detailed review of relevant contractual client terms.

‘The Committee has discussed the design and application of the revenue

cut-off procedures performed and considered and agreed the

appropriateness of the disclosures in respect of revenue recognition in the
financial statements.

‘The Committee has considered the appropriateness of each of the adjusting
items, ensuring that sufficient explanations are provided and that each APM
is clearly reconciled to the nearest IFRS measure.

* The Committee has reviewed the balance of APMs and IFRS measures

presented in the Annual Report and Accounts and considered whether APMs-
have been appropriately balanced with IFRS measures.

The calculation of the fair value of share options at each grant date has been

: assisted by external professional experts.

The probability that share options will vest is assessed at each reporting date
by considering forecast staff attrition, time until vesting and achievement of
performance conditions. These key assumptions have been discussed with
the Committee,

The fair value of contingent ear-out consideration is based on management's
best estimate of cash flows arising from the future performance of the
acquired businesses, discounted to present value using an appropriate
discount rate.

‘The key assumptions and acquisition disclosures have been reviewed by
the Committee for appropriateness.

The Group has in place a whistleblowing policy and anti-corruption
and bribery policy, which set out the formal processes to be
followed by employees and the procedures for reporting
incidents. These policies are provided to every employee of the
Group, principally through the Employee Handbook, and their
review is an annual item on the Committee's agenda. The Audit
and Risk Committee reviews the policy to ensure that it remains
fit for purpose and provides guidance and support on any
whistleblowing related matters. In the event of a whistleblowing
event the Board would also be informed and kept up to date on
all developments as appropriate.

The Group operates an open and inclusive culture and employees.
are encouraged to speak up if they have any concerns. The aim
of such policies is to ensure that all employees observe ethical
‘behaviours and bring matters that cause them concern to the
attention of either the Executive or Non-Executive Directors.

Maeve Byrne
Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee

22 June 2023


===== page 76 =====
if]

Annual Report & Accounts 2023 73

Remuneration Committee report

Penny Judd
Chair of the Remuneration Committee

On behalf of the Board, | am pleased to present my first
Remuneration Committee report as Chair of the Committee
for the year ended 31 March 2023.

The Remuneration Committee makes
recommendations on matters relating
to performance, remuneration and
terms of service for the Board and
senior management of the Group.

Committee composition and governance

The Committee is composed wholly of independent Non-Executive
Directors. As reported in last year's report, Penny Judd took

over as Chair of the Committee after the Company's AGM in
September 2022, and her fellow Committee members are Ken
Fry, Jill May and Maeve Byrne. All members served throughout
the year, with the exception of Maeve Byrne who joined the
Committee on her appointment to the Board on 16 May 2022.

The Committee meets as and when necessary, but at least twice
a year, The Committee met formally four times during FY 23 and
the table below sets out the attendance record of each member
of the Committee.

Eligible to
Committee member attend Attendance
Penny Judd (Chair) 4 4
Maeve Byrne" 3 3
Ken Fry 4 4
vill May 4 4

* Maove Byrne was appointed during the year and attended all meetings which she was
aligibe 1 attend.

Alpha’s representative from Prism Cosec Limited, the Group's
Company Secretary, attends each meeting and the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer are invited to join the
meeting as appropriate. The Committee has unrestricted access
to the Company Secretary throughout the year and has sought
advice from remuneration advisers as set out on p. 77.

Key responsibilities

The main duties of the Committee are set out in its terms of
reference, which are reviewed annually and are available on
the Company's investor website (alphafme.com/investors/
board-committees).

The Committee formulates and recommends to the Board the
remuneration policies for the Executive Directors, the Chairman of
the Board and senior management of the Group, having regard to
pay and employment conditions across the Group. The objective
of these policies is to:

— attract, retain and motivate employees of the quality required
to run the Group successfully;

— promote the long-term success of the Group; and

— ensure that the performance-related elements of remuneration
form a significant yet appropriate proportion of the total
remuneration package and are transparent, stretching and
rigorously applied

The Committee determines the total remuneration package of the
Executive Directors and the Group's senior management team.
The Board as whole seis the remuneration for the Non-Executive
Directors, including the Chairman. The Committee also reviews
and approves the design of all annual and long-term incentive
awards to Executive Directors and the Group's senior
management team. It determines the targets and performance
conditions and monitors performance against those conditions,
approving the vesting and payment outcomes where appropriate.
It also reviews the performance-related pay and share incentive
schemes in use across the Group. The purpose of these reviews
is to ensure:

— the appropriateness of the targets and level of rewards set; and

— that the dilution of equity arising from such schemes does not
exceed the maximum 10% management incentive plan ("MIP")
share incentive dilution limit defined at the point of the Group's
admission to AIM.

Note 22 to the financial statements sets out further details of the
share-based payment schemes of the Group.

alphafme.com

@OURUIBADD a}eIOdIOD


===== page 77 =====
74 Annual Report & Accounts 2023 (a)

Corporate Governance
Remuneration Committee report continued

Company performance in FY 23, — recommendation to the Board to approve the purchase of

As noted previously in this report, the Board was pleased with shares by the Company's employes benefit trust to satisfy
the continuing strong performance of the Group in FY 23. Net fee the future exercises of share options by senior management

income grew by 43.9% to £227.2m (FY 22: £157.8m) and adjusted and employees;
EBITDA grew by 37.5% to £46.6m (FY 22: £33.9m) at largely — approval of grant of share incentive awards for the Executive
consistent margins. Directors and senior management in July 2022;

— approval of the remuneration package for the new Chief

Activities during the year " .
Executive Officer appointed on 1 April 2023;

During the course of the year, the main activities of the

Committee were: — consideration of the post-employment conditions in respect
of outstanding incentive equity awards granted to Euan Fraser
— assessing the effectiveness and application of the as outgoing Chief Executive Officer;

remuneration policy in light of the overall performance

of the business in FY 23 and future growth plans: — approval of amendments to update the rules of the Group's

share incentive schemes; and
— approval of performance criteria for the MIP for Executive

Directors and senior management of the Group for FY 23; — annual review and approval of revised terms of reference for

the Remuneration Committee.
— review of the Remuneration Committee report in the Annual

Report and Accounts 2022: Further to the above, there were a number of year-end-related

activities that were concluded in the period after 31 March 2023

— approval of vesting of MIP share awards granted to the Chief due to the need to have visibility of final figures; these included:
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer in July 2019 and
confirmation that the related performance conditions had — confirmation that the initial performance conditions had been
been met; met for the share options awarded under the MIP for Executive

; Directors and senior management in respect of FY 23

— approval of vesting of MIP share awards granted to certain performance; and
senior management in prior periods and confirmation that
the related performance conditions had been met; — approval of performance criteria for the MIP for Executive

Directors and senior management for FY 24 awards.
Remuneration policy
The key elements of remuneration of the Executive Directors and senior management of the Group are:

Key remuneration elements summary

Base salary Base salary is reviewed annually and takes account of the responsibilities, experiance and performance of the individual and
compatitive pressures. It is reviewed each year with any changes effective 1 April.

Pensions and Benefits cover country-specific contributions, which may include contributions to a defined contribution pension scheme, private
benefits medical expenses cover and life insurance cover, matemity/paternity pay and other ancillary benefits

| Annual bonus The purpose of annual bonus is to incentivise and reward performance, to align the interests of the Executive Directors, certain
senior management, the Group and shareholders in the short and medium term, and to promote retention.

‘The Committee introduced a performance-related cash bonus for Executive Directors and certain senior management of the Group
in FY 22, with the intention to transition to a more cash-based approach over time, with cash bonuses representing an increasingly
higher proportion of overall remuneration. As this transition to performance-related cash bonuses is made, itis anticipated that the
maximum 10% MIP share incentive dilution limit of issued share capital, set at the time of AIM admission, will decrease over time.

Cash bonus is subjact to achieving annual regional and Group financial performance targets and personal objectives that are
reviewed annually. It is calculated as a percentage of base salary, normally 10% of base salary, although this may be exceeded
in the event of financial outperformance.

To encourage ongoing retention, an element of the bonus payments for Executive Directors and certain senior management may
be spread over two years, subject to ongoing employment or mesting other contractual requirements. The Committee deterred a
portion of bonus paid in respect of FY 22.

| share incentives ‘The purpose of share incentives is to incentivise and reward long-term performance and value creation, to align the interests of
| the Executive Directors, certain senior management, the Group and shareholders in the long term and to promote retention.

‘Awards under the MIP are made each year, subject to achieving specified performance criteria. The Committes believes that
the substantial equity awards available under the MIP are an important element of remuneration and motivate the Group's senior
management to drive the business forward and deliver the planned growth over the long term.

Chairman and ‘The Chairman of the Board and the Non-Executive Directors receive cash fees for their roles which are reflective of their level of
experience, knowledge, responsibility and expected time commitment. Fees are reviewed periodically and, from September 2022,
Non-Executive Directors have received additional fees for chairing Board committees.

Non-Executive
Director
remuneration

alphafme.com


===== page 78 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2023 75

The Committee has the ability under its terms of reference to use
discretion in order to achieve a fair remuneration outcome, taking
into account the Group's performance. Further detail on how
discretion was applied during the year is set out below.

Directors’ service agreements
Tho Exocutivo Dircotors as at tho dato of this report ontorod into
sorvioe agrooments with the Company on the following dates:

Notice period by

Date of service Company and
Director agreement Term by Director
Luc Baqué 29 March 2023 Indefinite 6 months
John Paton 28 February 2018 Indefinite 6 months

Tho Non Cxecutive Directors do not have sorvico agroomonte:
However, the Non-Executive Directors’ letters of appointment
provide that their tenure of office has an initial period of three
years, and will continue until terminated by the Non-Executive
Director or the Company on giving to the other three months’
prior written notice. Each Non-Executive Director is typically
expected to serve for two three-year terms, but may be invited
by the Board to serve for an additional period.

Notice period by

The Board confirmed that Ken Fry's appointment as independent
Non-Executive Chairman will be renewed for an additional period
of up to three years. It also confirmed that Jill May's appointment
as an independent Non-Executive Director will be renewed for a
further three years. Both appointments will be renewed, subject
to re-election by shareholders at the AGM, with effect from the
Uale uf lie 2023 AGM.

Policy for the remuneration of employees

The Board recognises the vital importance of attracting and
retaining the highest calibre of consultants, and strongly supports
management's remuneration policy for employees. Below the
senior management team, all employees receive a fixed salary
that is competitive with the market, and a profit share or cash
bonus scheme that is team or personal performance based,
linker tn achieving financial targets, alongside other benefits
‘The Board believes that this structure provides a compelling
remuneration package that reinforces teamwork, aligns the
employees with the Group's objectives and helps to promote
a feeling of ownership amongst all employees.

aouewianoa eyesodsog,

FY 23 Executive Directors’ remuneration

The single figure table below summarises the remuneration of
the Directors who served for the years ended 31 March 2023

Date of service ‘Company and and 2022. The totals disclosed in the table and the aggregate
Director agreement Term expires by Director information in respect of the highest paid Director have been
Ken Fry 23 September 2020 2023 AGM 3 months audited and represent the disclosures required under Schedule 5
of The Large and Medium-sized Companies and Groups
P te 1 4 A th
enny Judd = 23 September 2021 2024 AGM 3 months (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008:
Jill May 30 June 2020 2023 AGM 3 months
Maeve Byrne 16 May 2022 2025 AGM 3 months
Gainon — Gainon
share share
Salary and Salary and options —_ options
fees? fees Pension Pension = Bonus® = Bonus_exercised™ exercised
£000 £'000 £'000 £'000 £'000 £°000 £'000 £'000 FY 23 FY 22
FY 23 FY 22 FY 23 FY 22 FY 23 FY 22 FY 23 FY 22 £000 £'000
Executive Directors
Euan Fraser 631 587 19 7 63 264 1,260 - 1,973 868
John Paton 300 275 - - 30 124 388 205 718 604
Non-Executive
Directors
Maeve Byrne? 56 - - - - - - - 56 -
Ken Fry 93 90 7. - - - - - 93 90
Penny Judd 63 60 - - - - - - 63 60
Jill May 63 60 - - - - - - 63 60
Total 1,206 1,072 19 7 93 388 1,648 205 2,966 1,682

21 Maeve Dyno was appointed on 16 May 2022: hor annual fee for FY 22 of LEO,000 was pro rated aseerdingly.

22 From 19 September 2022, 0 fo0 of £5,000 por annum was paid to cach Non Exooutvo Director fr thoir work. chatrng a Beard cammittao; this foe has boon pro-rated aczersingly.

23 Tho Committoo approvod the award of Exocutive Diroctor bonuses for FY 23 at tho oquivalont of 10% of their respective base salaries. For FY 22, the Committee evarcised its discretion
in awarding cach Exocutive Diroctor bonuses oquivalont to 46% of their rospactive bese oalarios due to significant financial outporfarmanco.

24 A total of 286,343 and 88,105 options granted to Euan Fraser and John Paton respectively under the MIP in July 2019 vested and were exercised during the year as set out on p. 76.

alphafme.com


===== page 79 =====
76 Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Corporate Governance

Remuneration Committee report continued

FY 23 Executive Directors’ remuneration continued
Salary, benefits and pension

For FY 23, Euan Fraser's salary was £631,000 and John Paton’s
salary was £300,000. Euan also received a pension contribution
of £18,930.

Annual bonus

Given the strong performance of the Group in the year, the
Committee awarded the Executive Directors FY 23 bonuses
equivalent to 10% of their respective base salaries paid in cash
as set out in the single figure table on p. 75.

Share incentive plan

The Committee approved the grant of annual incentive awards

to the senior management team globally, including the Executive
Directors, in July 2022, comprising UK joint share ownership plan
awards (‘JSOP" shares) and MIP share options. Details of the
awards granted to the Executive Directors are set out below.

The performance criteria for FY 23 share incentive awards to
the Executive Directors and senior management of the Group
were four-fold and depended on the individual and their role:

— the Group achieving adjusted EPS growth of 11.25% or more
to trigger a maximum award, or 7.5% to trigger a 66% award,
with a linear application of awards between these levels;

— the Group achieving a total shareholder return (“TSR”) over
three years in excess of the mean TSR delivered by a peer
group of comparable companies;

Euan Fraser.

— personal adherence to corporate values and risk policy; and
— specific business unit EBITDA, or other personal targets and goals.

The Committee considers the combinations of the above
performance criteria to continue to represent a stretching set of
targets against which to measure performance for the Group's
MIP share option awards. The Commitiee also considers that the
performance criteria selected relate closely to the Group's key
performance indicators. Refer to note 22 to the consolidated
financial statements for further details.

Vesting during FY 23

In June 2022, the Committee considered the MIP share awards
granted to Euan Fraser and John Paton in July 2019. The awards’
performance conditions, relating to EPS growth, total shareholder
return and financial and behavioural targets, were met in full.
These awards vested in July 2022 and were exercised in full on
24 August 2022.

286,343 options awarded to Euan Fraser under the MIP on

19 July 2019 vested on 19 July 2022, as did 88,105 options
awarded to John Paton under the MIP. The closing price of the
Company's shares on the date of vesting was £4.15. The price
at award on 19 July 2019 was £2.03. Following the vesting,
John Paton sold-21,136 shares to cover the related tax liability
arising on exercise.

Details of Executive Directors’ share awards held as at 31 March
2023 are set out below:

Granted Share price Exercise Exercised Lapsed Options as at
Optionsas at duringthe == at award price during duringthe 31 March
Grant date 1 April 2022 year ©) () the year year 2023 Vesting date
18/06/2019 286,343 - 228 100 (286,343) - - ‘18/06/2022
22/07/2020 329,294 - 185 - - - 329,294 22/07/2023
06/07/2021 239,735 - 353 - - - 239,735 06/07/2024
01/07/2022 - 209,000 390 - - = 209,000 01/07/2025
Total 855,372 209,000 (286,343) - 778,029
John Paton
Granted Share price Exercise Exercised Lapsed Options as at
Options as at during the at award price during duringthe 31 March
Grant date 4 April 2022 year (o) (p) the year year 2023 _ Vesting date
18/06/2019 88,105 - 228 100 (88,105) - - 18/06/2022
22/07/2020 126,652 oe 185 - - - 126,652 22/07/2023
06/07/2021 83,823 - 353 - - - 83,823 06/07/2024
01/07/2022 - 76,923 390 - - - 76,923 01/07/2025
Total 298,580 76,963 (88,105) - 287,398

Non-Executive Directors’ fees

The Chairman of the Board received a fee of £90,000 and the
base fee for the three other Non-Executive Directors was set at
£60,000 during the year.

Following the changes to the composition of the Board
committees in September 2022, as set out in the Nomination
Committee report, the Board agreed that the Chair of each
committee of the Board would receive an additional annual
fee of £5,000 frorn 13 September 2022.

alphafme.com

Payments for loss of office
There were no payments for loss of office during the year.

Euan Fraser stepped down from the role of Chief Executive

Officer and from the Board on 31 March 2023 and, as announced,
remains with the Group as a strategic adviser on a part-time basis.
The Group deems him a good leaver and, as such, he retains his
outstanding sharo awards; which will vost at tho ond of thoir vosting
periods subject to performance and other conditions.


===== page 80 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2023 77

Remuneration consultants

As previously disclosed, PwC and FIT Remuneration Consultants
advised the Group on certain remuneration policy matters in FY 22.
No fees were paid in relation to advice in FY 23. It is proposed
that another formal review of the Group's remuneration policy is
performed in FY 24.

Directors’ share interests

The Directors’ interests in the share capital of the Company as
at 31 March 2023 and the movements during the year are set
out below:

Number of
ordinary

shares as at Number of Percentage
31 March ordinary of total voting
2022 Disposedof Acquired sharesasat rights as at
(ordate of  duringthe — duringthe = 31 March = 31 March
_ _ _ appointment) year year 2023 2023
Evan Fraser 563,485 (863,485) 286,343 286,343 0.24%
John Paton 91,772 (21,136) 88,105 158,741 0.13%
Maeve Byrne - - - - 0.00%
Ken Fry 184,070 - - 184,070 0.15%
Penny Judd - - - - 0.00%
Jill May 12,307 - - 12,307 0.01%

There were no changes in the Directors’ interests in shares MIP

between 31 March 2023 and 22 June 2023.

Luc Baqué held 1,068,929 shares on his appointment to the
Board on 1 April 2023.

Remuneration in FY 24

The Committee has approved FY 24 remuneration for the
Executive Directors and the senior management team

Salaries

For the newly appointed Chief Executive Officer, Luc Baqué,
from 1 April 2023, the Committee approved a base salary of
€600,000 (£530,000). The salary of the Chief Financial Officer
increased from 1 April 2023 to £325,000. In setting this
remuneration, the Committee considered the average salary
increases across the wider Group and benchmarking data of
similarly sized quoted companies.

Luc also participates in the Group's French personal pension plan,
which applies to all French employees and includes an employer's
contribution of approximately 10% of salary per annum.

Annual bonus
The transition of remuneration towards more variable cash-based
remuneration will also apply to the Executive Directors. In FY 24,
both of the Executive Directors will be able to earn a
performance-related cash bonus of 10% of base salary, with

the opportunity for higher bonuses in the event of financial
outperformance.

In line with previous years, MIP share option awards will form part
of the remuneration of the Executive Directors, alongside their
base salary and bonus components.

FY 24 MIP awards to Executive Directors and senior management
will continue to be subject to the Group achieving a mix of
stretching targets, including adjusted EPS growth in the award
year, total shareholder return targets over a three-year period,
and specific personal and behavioural targets.

In addition, Luc Baqué will receive a further 179,487 MIP awards
in FY 24 in relation to deferred FY 23 share option awards.
These awards were simply deferred from FY 23 to comply with
the requirements of the French MIP rules, to which he was
previously subject.

‘Chairman and Non-Executive Director fees
The Board approved annual increases in Non-Executive Director
fees, taking into account the Group's annual pay review.

The Chairman's base fee from 1 April 2023 will be £95,400,
with Non-Executive Directors’ base fees at £63,600. Each
Non-Executive Director also chairs a Board committee and
receives an additional fee of £5,300 per annum.

Penny Judd
Chair of the Remuneration Committee

22 June 2023

alphatme.com

aoueusanog ayesoduog


===== page 81 =====
78 Annual Report & Accounts 2023 (a)

Corporate Governance

Directors’ report

The Directors present their Annual Report and the audited consolidated financial
statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc (the “Company”, the “Group")
for the year ended 31 March 2023.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc is incorporated in England and Wales with registered number 09965297. The Company's.
registered office is 60 Gresham Street, London EC2V 7BB. The Company is a public limited company and is listed on AIM of the
London Stock Exchange.

The Directors believe that the requisite components of this report are set out elsewhere in the Annual Report and/or on the Company's
website, alphafmc.com/investors. The table sets out where the necessary disclosures can be found.

Business performance

Principal activities Alpha Financial Markets Consulting pic is the holding company for a global group of companies, the principal activity of
which is the provision of consulting and related services to clients in the asset management, wealth management and
insurance industries.

A review of the performance and future development of the Group's business is contained in the Chairman's, the Chief
Executive Officer's and the Chief Financial Officer's reports on pp 9-11, pp 12-17 and pp 42-46 respectively.

Results The financial results for the year ended 31 March 2023 are set out in the Chief Financial Officer's report on pp 42-46 and in
the consolidated statement of comprehensive income on p. 90 and further commented upon in the Chief Executive Officer's
report on pp 12-17.

The Directors consider the current state of affairs of the Group to be satisfactory.

Dividends {An interim dividend of 3.70p per share was paid in December 2022 (FY 22: 2.90p). The Board is recommending a final
dividend of 10.50p per share (FY 22: 7.50p). Subject to shareholder approval at the AGM to be held on Wednesday 6
September 2023, the final dividend will be paid on 19 September 2023 to shareholders whose names are on the Register
of Members at close of business on Friday 8 September 2023,

Information regarding dividend payments can also be found in note 10 to the consolidated financial statements.

| Strategic Report “The Strategic Report can be found on pp 2-54.
Activities in research The Company did not engage in any material research and development activities in the year.
and development

| Future developments Details about the Company's future developmenis can be found in the Strategic Report on pp 24~25.
Post-balance Post-balance sheet events are disclosed in note 27 to the consolidated financial statements. The reports of the Chief
Biheet everies! Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer also update on trading after the balance sheet data.
Going concern The Directors have considered the going concem status of the Company and are satisfied thet the Company remains,

a going concern. Details of the going concern basis are set out in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.
Further commentary can be found in the Chief Financial Officer's report on pp 42-46.

Directors Directors that have served during the year and summaries of the current Diractors’ key skills and experience are set out in
the Corporate Governance section on pp 58-59.

| Maeve Byme was appointed as an independent Non-Executive Director on 16 May 2022.

Euan Fraser stepped down as Chief Executive Officer and from the Board on 31 March 2023. Luc Baqué was appointed
H as Chief Executive Officer on 1 April 2023,

Directors’ indemnity * As permitted by the Articles of Association, the Directors have the benefit of an indemnity, which is a qualifying third-party
indemnity provision as defined by Section 234 of the Companies Act 2006. The indemnity was in force throughout the

rovisions
P financial period and at the date of approval of the financial statements,
Divectors' interests Details of the Directors’ beneficial interests are set out in the Remuneration Committee report on p. 77.
Directors’ and Officers’ The Group purchases and maintains Directors’ and Officers’ liability insurance for the benefit of its Directors, which was

in place throughout the year and remains in place at the date of this report.

ability insurance

alphafme.com


===== page 82 =====
i)

Annual Report & Accounts 2023 79

Constitution

| Articles of Association

|

Stakeholders and policies

| Section 172 statement

‘Any amendments to the Company's Articles of Association may be made by special resolution of the shareholders.
A copy of the Articles of Association can be found on the Company's website: alphatme.comv/investors/aim-rule-26.

‘Tho Company has only one class of ordinary share, which carries no right to fixed income, and each ordinary share is
‘entitled to one vote at general meetings of the Company.

‘The Company's Section 172 statement and key Board decisions can be found in the Strategic Report on pp 30-33.

Employee engagement

“ on pp 30-33 and further described in the looking after our people section on pp 26-27.

Details of how the Group engages with Alpha employees are set out in the Section 172 statement in the Strategic Report

aoueusenoy ayes0di0g

and key decisions

Employees with Alpha is a Disability Confident Employer and further details of Aipha's commitment to being an inclusive and disability
disabilities {friendly organisation are set out under the looking after our people section on pp 26-27.
Stakeholder engagement _ Details of the key decisions and discussions of the Board during the year and the main stakeholder inputs into those

decisions are set out in the Section 172 statement of the Strategic Report on pp 30-33.

' Modern Slavery
Statement

‘The Company has approved and published on its website its Modern Slavery Statement in accordance with the Modern

+ Slavery Act 2015,

| Potiticat donations

* The Company made no political donations during the year to 31 March 2023.

Streamlined Energy
and Carbon Reporting
("SECR")

Under the Companies (Directors’ Report) and Limited Liability Partnerships (Energy and Carbon Report) Regulations 2018,
we are mandated to disclose our UK energy use and associated greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions. Specifically, Alpha is
required to report those GHG emissions relating to natural gas, electricity and transport fuel, as well as an intensity ratio,
under the SECR Regulations. Further details can be found in the Sustainable Business section on pp 34~41.

Financial risk
management

| Share capital

Stakeholders and share capital

The Group has established internat control and risk management structures in relation to the process for preparing the
consolidated financial statements. The key features of this framework are described in the risk management section of
the Strategic Report on pp 47-49 and in note 23 to the consolidated financial statements.

The Company's issued share capital as at 31 March 2023 was 120,509,736 ordinary shares of 0.075p each
("Ordinary Shares"), none of which were held in treasury and 6,274,380 of which were held in the Company's
employee benefit trust ("EBT").

* During the year, the EBT purchased a total of 266,922 Ordinary Shares in the Company. The shares are held in the EBT,

a discretionary trust, and are intended to be used to satisfy the exercise of share options by employees, including the

* Executive Diractors of the Company. A total of 6,274,380 Ordinary Shares ware held by the EBT on 31 March 2023.

‘These Ordinary Shares hold voting rights, albeit the EBT does not exercise these voting rights, nor receive dividends
in respect of these shares.

Details of the issued share capital, together with movements in the Company's issued share capital during the year, are

Shown in the consolidated statement of changes in equity and note 21 to the consolidated financial statements.

The Company has only one class of Ordinary Share, which carries no right to fixed income, and each Ordinary Share is

entitled to one vote at general meetings of the Company.

Authority to purchase
‘own shares

The Company was authorised by a shareholders’ resolution passed at the Annual General Meeting held on 13 September
2022 to purchase up to 10% of its issued share capital. This authority will expire at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting
and a resolution to renew the authority for a further year will be proposed. No shares were purchased by the Company
uring the year. During the year, the EBT purchased a total of 266,922 Ordinary Shares in the Company.

alphafme.com


===== page 83 =====
80 = Annual Report & Accounts 2023 0

Corporate Governance
Directors’ report continued

Stakeholders and share capital continued .

As at 22 June 2023, the Company had been notified, in accordance with chapter five of the Disclosure and Transparency

Major interests in shares
Rules, or was otherwise aware, of the following significant interests in the issued ordinary share capital of the Company:

Percentage of

voting rights and

Name of person(s) subject issued share
, of notification capital
abrdn 9.91
Invesco 8.62
Janus Henderson Investors 742
BlackRock 5.01
Investec Wealth & Investment 4.56
NFU Mutual 3.77
M&G Investment Management 3.31

* The 2023 AGM will be held on Wednesday 6 September 2023. The Notice of Annual General Meeting, including the
resolutions to be proposed, is available on the Company's website, elphaime.com/investors.

Auditor and audit

* In the case of each of the persons who are Directors of the Company at the date when this report was approved:

Annual General Meeting

Disclosure of
information to auditor — 0 far as each of the Directors is aware, there is no information relevant to the audit of which the Company's
auditor is unaware; and

— each of the Directors has taken all the steps that he or she ought to have taken as a Director to make him or
herself aware of any information relevant to the audit and to establish that the Company's auditor is aware of
that information.

Auditor The auditor, KPMG LLP, has indicated its wilingness to continue in office and a resolution seeking to re-appoint KPMG LLP
as the Group's auditor will be proposed at the AGM.

alphafme.com


===== page 84 =====
°

Annual Report & Accounts 2023 81

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities

The Directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report and the Group
and parent company financial statements in accordance with applicable law

and regulations.

Company law requires the Directors to prepare Group and parent
company financial statements for each financial year. Under the
AIM Rules of the London Stock Exchange they are required to
prepare the Group financial statements in accordance with
UK-adopted International Accounting Standards and applicable
law and they have elected to prepare the parent company financial
statements in accordance with UK accounting standards and
applicable law, including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework.

Under company law the Directors must not approve the financial
statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair
view of the state of affairs of the Group and parent company and
of the Group's profit or loss for that period. In preparing each of
the Group and parent company financial statements, the
Directors are required to:

— select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;

— make judgements and estimates that are reasonable, relevant
and reliable;

— state whether they have been prepared in accordance
UK-adopted international accounting standards;

— assess the Group and parent company's ability to continue as
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to
going concern; and

— use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either
intend to liquidate the Group or the parent company or to
cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting
records that are sufficient to show and explain the parent company's
transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time
‘the financial position of the parent company and enable them to
ensure that its financial statements comply with the Companies
Act 2006. They are responsible for such internal control as they
determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial
‘statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due
to fraud or error, and have general responsibility for taking such
steps as are reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of
the Group and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.

Under applicable law and regulations, the Directors are also
responsible for preparing a Strategic Report and a Directors’
report that comply with that law and those regulations.

The Directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of
the corporate and financial information included on the Company's
website. Legislation in the UK governing the preparation and
dissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation

in other jurisdictions.

By order of the Board.

John Paton
Chief Financial Officer

22 June 2023

alphafme.com

aoueusarog ayesodiog,


===== page 85 =====
82 Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Corporate Governance

Independent auditor's report

to the members of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ple

1. Our opinion is unmodified

We have audited the financial statements of Alpha Financial
Markets Consulting ple ("the Company") for the year ended

31 March 2023, which comprise the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income, consolidated statement of financial
position, consolidated statement of cash flows, consolidated
statement of changes in equity, Company statement of financial
position, Company statement of changes in equity, and the
related notes, including the accounting policies in note 1.

In our opinion:

— the financial statements give a true and fair view of the state
of the Group's and of the parent Company's affairs as at 31
March 2023 and of the Group's profit for the year then ended;

— the Group financial statements have been properly prepared in
accordance with UK-adopted international accounting standards;

— the parent Company financial statements have been properly
prepared in accordance with UK accounting standards,
including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework; and

— the financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International
Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)") and applicable law.

Our responsibilities are described on p. 88. We have fulfilled our
ethical responsibilities under, and are independent of the Group in
accordance with, UK ethical requirements including the FRC
Ethical Standard as applied to listed entities. We believe that the
audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate
basis for our opinion.

alphafmc.com

Overview

Materiality: 1 sm 2022: eo.er 4 26 (2022: 4.6%) of Group
Group financial | P*Ofitbefore tax adjusted for acquisition costs,
lit i idorali
statements as ‘employment-iinked and contingent consideration.
awhole |
Coverage * 84% (2022: 83%) of Group absolute profit before tax
Key audit i
matters { vs 2022
Recurring risks | Revenue recognition on contracts in
| progress at year end, and recognition
|_ of deferred and accrued income
Presentation and disclosure of <>
adjusting items (alternative
performance measures)
! Recoverability of parent company’s
* investments in subsidiaries and <->
receivables due from Group entities
(parent company only)



===== page 86 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2023 83

2. Key audit matters: our assessment of risks of material misstatement

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in the audit of the financial

statements and include the most significant assessed risks of material misstatement (whether or not due to fraud) identified by us,
including those which had the greatest effect on: the overall audit strategy, the allocation of resources in the audit, and directing the
efforts of the engagement team. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and
in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. In arriving at our audit opinion on p. 82,

the key audit matters, in decreasing order of audit significance, were as follows:

The risk Our response

Revenue recognition on
contracts in progress at
year end and
recognition of deferred
and accrued income

(Revenue £228.7m,

2022: £158.0m; Deferred
income £1,0m, 2022: £2.1m;
Accrued income £3.7m,
2022: £2.7m)

Refer to p. 99 (accounting
policy) and p. 102
(financial disclosures)

Inappropriate recognition
of revenue on contracts in
progress at year end by
error or fraud, and impact
on resulting deferred and
accrued income.

Billing of contracts is either on
a time and materials or
milestone basis. There is a risk
that revenue transactions
around the year end, including
the associated deferred and
accrued income, might be
incorrectly recorded, either in
error or fraudulently, such that it
does not reflect hours worked
or the services provided.

Our procedures included:

eoueusenog ayesodiog,

— Tests of detail (tracing and agreeing): we assessed the

appropriateness of revenue recognised by:

* selecting a sample of revenue transactions recognised in
March 2023 and April 2023 and obtaining the contract to

determine if time and expense or milestone;

for time and expense engagements, agree to the invoice

and hours recorded on timesheet records to confirm that the
revenue has been recognised in the correct financial year;

for milestone contracts, agree to the invoice and deliverable

specified in the contract to assess whether revenue has been

recognised in the correct financial year;

* selecting a sample of items included in deferred income at
31 March 2023 and agreeing that the amounts billed per the
invoice are in advance of the work being completed as

specified in the contract; and

* selecting a sample of items included in accrued income at
31 March 2023 and agreeing: that amounts accrued agree
to hours recorded on timesheet records that have not been
invoiced; that contracts with the customer are in place for
the work performed; and that amounts accrued have been

invoiced post-year end.

We performed the detailed tests above rather than seeking to rely
on any of the Group's controls because our knowledge of the
design of these controls indicated that we would not be able to
obtain the required evidence to support reliance on controls.

— Assessing transparency: we considered the adequacy of the
Group's disclosures in respect of revenue, deferred income and

accrued income.

alphafme.com


===== page 87 =====
84 — Annual Report & Accounts 2023 a)

Corporate Governance
Independent auditor's report continued

The risk Our response

Presentation and Inappropriate identification | Our procedures included:
disclosure of adjusting of adjust items, and
items [alternative inappropriate presentation _ — Tests of detail: we assessed the appropriateness of the
performance measures) _and disclosure of presentation of alternative performance measures and adjusting
—_ alternative performance items by:
pects a £15.8m, measures by error. * challenging the Group's classification of adjusting items and
‘The disclosure of adjusting APMs through reference to external guidance and comparison
Refer top. 101 (accounting —_ items and alternative to competitors. Assessing whether the adjusting items met
policy) and pp 103-107 performance measures the Group's definition of adjusting items and whether that
(financial disclosures) (/APMs') is subjective. presentation and the presentation of APMs is on a consistent
There is a risk that items are basis wih prior periods:
inappropriately identified as * reviewing the Group's calculations of alternative performance
adjusting items and/or items measures to validate the accuracy of the disclosures; and
classified as adjusting items a oe
or APMs are disclosed on an * agreeing items separately disclosed to supporting invoice or
inconsistent basis (both within Group's calculation and assessing whether they have been
the period and between captured accurately.
periods), and that clear We performed the tests above rather than seeking to rely on any of
and accurate explanation the Group's controls because the nature of the balance is such that
of adjusting items is not given —_ we would expect to obtain audit evidence primarily through the
in order to manipulate the detailed procedures described.
presentation of the performance
of the business. There is alsoa © — Assessing transparency: reviewing the disclosure in the
risk that undue prominence is Annual Report and Accounts and considering whether
given to APMs. appropriate prominence has been given to GAAP measures,
and whether explanations of adjusting items and reconciliations
of alternative performance measures and GAAP measures are
clear and accurate.
Recoverability of parent | Recoverability of parent Our procedures included:
company’s investments company’s investments in
in subsidiaries and subsidiaries and — Test of detail: we assessed the recoverability of the parent
receivables due from receivables due from company investments and intra-group receivables by comparing
Group entities (parent Group entities. the carrying amount of investments in subsidiaries and intra-
Company only) Group debtors with reference to the relevant subsidiaries’ draft
The carrying amount of the balance sheets to identify whether they have net assets, whether
(Investment carrying value parent company’s investments their net assets, being an approximation of their minimum
£1.3m, 2022: £1.3m; in subsidiaries and of the recoverable amount, were in excess of their carrying amount and
Receivables due from intra-Group debtor balance whether those subsidiaries have historically been profit-making,
Group entities £165.0m, together represents 99% and comparing to the market capitalisation of the Group. We
2022: £144.6m) (2022: 100%) of the parent have assessed whether the loans are in default after assessing
company’s total assets. Their the financial position of the counterparties.
Refer to p. 132 (accounting —_ recoverability is not at a high
policy) and pp 133-135 risk of significant misstatement We performed the tests above rather than seeking to rely ‘on any of
(financial disclosures). or subject to significant the Group's controls because the nature of the balance is such that

we would expect to obtain audit evidence primarily through the

ludgement. However, due to detailed procedures described.

their materiality in the context
of the parent company financial
statements, this is considered
to be the area that had the
greatest effect on our overall
parent company audit.

— Assessing transparency: assessing the adequacy of the
parent company's disclosures in respect of investments in
subsidiaries and Group debtor balances.

In the prior year, we reported a key audit matter in respect of the valuation of intangible assets acquired and contingent consideration

in relation to the acquisition accounting of Lionpoint. As there have been no material acquisitions in the current year, we do not consider
there to be a key audit matter in relation to the valuation of intangible assets acquired for the current year audit. We do continue to
perform procedures over the contingent consideration in relation to Lionpoint. However, as the uncertainty around the contingent
consideration potentially due upon the future performance of the acquired entity has reduced, we have not assessed this as one of

the most significant risks in our current year audit and, therefore, it is not separately identified in our report this year.

alphafme.com


===== page 88 =====
i]

Annual Report & Accounts 2023.85

3. Our application of materiality and an overview
of the scope of our audit

Matoriality for the Group financial statements as a whole was set

at £1.5m (2022: £0.9m), determined with reference to a benchmark

of Group profit before tax normalised to exclude acquisition costs,

employment: linked and contingont considoration as disclosed in

note 4, of which it represents 4.8% (2022: 4.6%).

Materiality for the parent Company financial statements as a
whole was set at £0.7m (2022: £0.3m), which is the component
materiality for the parent company determined by the group audit
engagement team. This is lower than the materiality we would
otherwise have determined with reference to a benchmark of
parent company total assets, of which it represents 0.3%

(2022: 0.2%).

In line with our audit methodology, our procedures on individual
account balances and disclosures were performed to a lower
threshold, performance materiality, so as to reduce to an acceptable
level the risk that individually immaterial misstatements in individual
account balances add up to a material amount across the
financial statements as a whole.

Performance materiality was set at 75% (2022: 75%) of materiality
for tho financial statements as a whole, which equates to £1.13m
(2022: £0.68m) for the Group and £0.53m (2022: £0.23m) for the
parent Company. We applied this percentage in our determination
of performance materiality because we did not identify any factors
indicating an elevated level of risk.

We agreed to report to the Audit Committee any corrected
or uncorrected identified misstatements exceeding £0.08m
(2022: £0.05m), in addition to other identified misstatements
that warranted reporting on qualitative grounds.

Of the Group's 34 (2022: 30) reporting components, we subjected
7 (2022: 6) to full scope audits for Group purposes and 1 (2022: 2)
to spocified risk-focusod audit procedures. The latter were not
individually financially significant enough to require a full scope
audit for Group purposes, but did present specific individual risks
that needed to be addressed. We subjected 1 (2022: 1) component
to cpocified risk-focused audit procedures over rovenuc, accrucd
income and deferred income.

Group revenue

Group absolute profit before tax

For the residual components, we performed analysis at an
aggregated Group level to re-examine our assessment that
there were no significant risks of material misstatement within
these. The component materialities ranged from £0.5m to
£1.0m (2022: £0.3m to £0.6m), having regard to the mix of
size and risk profile of the Group across the components.

The work onail of the components (2022: all of the components),
including the audit of the parent company, was performed by the
group team. The group team performed procedures on the items.
excluded from normalised Group profit before tax. The scope of
the audit work performed was predominately substantive as we
placed limited reliance upon the Group's internal control over
financial reporting.

The components within the scope of our work accounted for the
percentages illustrated below.

aoueusanog ayesodso9

Group profit before tax
adjusted for acquisition costs,
employment-linked and
contingent consideration

£31.0m (2022: £19.5m)

Group materiality
1.5m (2022: £0.9m)

£1.5m

Whole financial
statements materiality
(2022: £0.9m)

£1.43m

‘Whole financial
statements
performance materiality
(2022: £0.68m)

£1.0m,

Range of materiality
at 8 components
{€0.5m-£1.0m) (2022:
£0.3m to £0.6m)

@ Group profit before tax
adjusted for acquisition costs,
employment-linked and

contingent consideration

@ Group materiality

£0.08m

Misstatements reported
to the Audit Committee
(2022: £0.05m)

Group total assets

@ Full scope for Group audit purposes 2023
© Specified risk-focused audit procedures 2023,
@ ‘Full scope for Group audit purposes 2022

@ Specified risk-focused audit procedures 2022
© Residual components

alphafme.com


===== page 89 =====
86 Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Corporate Governance

Independent auditor's report continued

4. Going concern

The Directors have prepared the financial statements on the
going concern basis as they do not intend to liquidate the Group
or the Company or to cease their operations, and as they have
concluded that the Group and the Company's financial position
means that this is realistic. They have also concluded that there
are no material uncer lainities that Guuld have cast significant
doubt over their ability to continue as a going concern for at
least a year from the date of approval of the financial statements
("the going concern period”).

We used our knowledge of the Group, its industry, and the
general economic environment to identify the inherent risks to
its business model and analysed how those risks might affect
the Group's and Company's financial resources or ability to
continue operations over the going concern period. The risk
that we considered most likely to adversely affect the Group's
and Company’e available financial rocourcos and motrice
relevant to debt covenants over this period was:

— The impact of future cash payments in relation to
previous acquisitions.

We considered whether this risk could plausibly affect the liquidity
in the going concern period by assessing the degree of downside
assumption that, individually and collectively, could result in a
liquidity issue, taking into account the Group's current and
projected cash and facilities (a “reverse stress test").

We considered whether the going concern disclosure in note |
to the financial statements gives a full and accurate description

of the Directors’ assessment of going concern, including the
identified risks and dependencies. We assessed the completeness
of the going concern disclosure.

Our conclusions based on this work:

— we consider that the Directors’ use of the going concern
basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial
statements is appropriate;

— we have not identified, and concur with the Directors’
assessment that there is not, a material uncertainty related to
events or conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast
significant doubt on the Group's or Company's ability to
continue as a going concern for the going concern period; and

— we found the going concern disclosure in note 1 to be acceptable.

However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions
and as subsequent events may result in outcomes that are
inconsistent with judgements that were reasonable at the time
they were made, the above conclusions are not a guarantee
that the Group or the Company will continue in operation.

alphafme.com

5. Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations

- ability to detect
Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement
due to fraud
To identify risks of material misstatement due to fraud ("fraud
risks") we assessed events or conditions that could indicate an
incerlive oF pressure to commit fraud or provide an opportunity to
commit fraud. Our risk assessment procedures included:

— enquiring of Directors and the Audit and Risk Committee, and
inspection of policy documentation as to the Group's high-
level policies and procedures to prevent and detect fraud,
including the Group's channel for “whistleblowing”, as well as
whether they have knowledge of any actual, suspected or
alleged fraud;

~ reading Board and Audit and Risk Committee minutes;

- considoring remuneration incentivo schomes and performance
targets for management and Directors including the EPS target
for management remuneration; and

— using analytical procedures to identify any unusual or
unexpected relationships.

We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit team
and remained alert to any indications of fraud throughout the audit.

As required by auditing standards, and taking into account
possible pressures to meet profit targets and our overall
\cnowlodgo of tho control onvironment, we porform procedures to
address the risk of management override of controls and the risk
of fraudulent revenue recognition, in particular:

— the risk that Group management may be in a position to make
inappropriate accounting entries;

— the risk of bias in accounting estimates and judgements such
as employment-linked acquisition payments, share-based
payments and contingent consideration; and

— the risk that revenue is recorded in the wrong period.

Further detail in respect of revenue recognition is set out in the key
audit matter disclosures in section 2 of this report.

We also performed procedures including:

— identifying journal entries and other adjustments to test for all
full scope components based on risk criteria and comparing
the identified entries to supporting documentation. These
included unusual pairings with a credit or debit to an account
above earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and
amortisation, ("EBITDA"), with the opposite entry below EBITDA
and unusual journals with a credit or debit entry to cash;

— identifying revenue transactions to test for all full scope
components based on unusual pairings with a credit or debit
to revenue; and

— assessing whether the judgements made in making
accounting estimates are indicative of a potential bias.


===== page 90 =====
Identifying and responding to ricks of material misstatement
due to non-compliance with laws and regulations

We identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably
be expected to have a material effect on the financial statements
from our general commercial and sector experience, and through
discussion with tho Diroctors and othor management (as roquirod
by auditing standards}, and from inepoction of the Group's legal
correspondence and discussed with the Directors and other
managomont, the policies and procoduros rogarding complianco
with laws and regulations.

We communicated identifiod laws and regulations throughout our
team and remainod alort to any indications of non complianco
throughout the audit.

The potential effect of these laws and regulations on the financial
statements varies considerably.

Firstly, tho Croup is subjoct to laws and rogulations that diroctly
affect the financial statements including financial reporting
legislation (including rolated companios iegislation), distributable
Profits legislation and taxation logislation and wo assessed tho
oxtont of compliance with thoso laws and regulations as part

of our procedures on the related financial statement items.

Secondly, the Group is subject to many other laws and
regulations whore the consequences of non complianco could
have a material effect on amounts or disclosures in the financial
statements, for instance through the imposition of fines or
litigation. We identifiod tho following areas as thoco most likaly to
have such an effect: anti-bribory, data protection and omploymont
law rocognising tho financial nature of tho Group's activitios.
Auditing standards limit the required audit procedures to identify
non complianco with thoco lawc and rogulatione to onquiry of tho
Diroctors and othor management and incpostion of regulatory
and legal correspondence, if any. Therefore if a breach of
oporational rogulations is not disclosod to us or ovident from
relovant corrospondonoo, an audit will not dotoct that broach.

Context of the abil
of law or regulation

Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an unavoidable
risk that we may not havo detected somo matorial misstatomonts in
the financial statements, even though wo havo proporly plannod
and performed our audit in accordance with auditing standards.
For oxamplo, tho furthor romoved non complianco with laws and
regulations is from the events and transactions reflected in the
financial statements, the less likely the inherently limited procedures
required by auditing standards would identify it.

'y of the audit to detect fraud or breaches

In addition, as with any audit, there remained a higher risk of
non-detection of fraud, as these may involve collusion, forgery,
intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
internal controls. Our audit procedures are designed to detect
material misstatement. We are not responsible for preventing
non-compliance or fraud and cannot be expected to detect
non- compliance with all taws and regulations.

Annual Report & Accounts 2023 87

6. We have nothing to report on the other
information in the Annual Report

The Directors are responsible for the other information presented
in the Annual Report together with the tinancial statements.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other
information and, accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion
or, except as explicitly stated below, any form of assurance
conclusion thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so,
consider whether, based on our financial statements audit work,
the information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with
the financial statements or our audit knowledge. Based solely on
that work we have not identified material misstatements in the
other information.

Strategic report and Directors’ report
Based solely on our work on the other information:

aouewsanog ayes0d0g

— we have not identified material misstatements in the Strategic
Report and the Directors’ report;

in our opinion tho information given in those reports far the
financial year is consistent with the financial statements; and

— in our opinion those reports have been prepared in
accordance with the Companies Act 2006.

7. We have nothing to report on the other matters

on which we are required to report by exception
Under the Campanies Act 2006, we are required to report to you
if, in our opinion

— adequate accounting records have not been kept by the
parent company, or returns adequate for our audit have not
‘been received from branches not visited by us; or

— lhe parent company financial slatennwnits are not in agreement
will he accountiny recurs and returns; oF

— certain disclosures of Directors’ remuneration specified by law
are not made; or

— we have not received all the information and explanations we
require for our audit.

We have nothing to report in these respects.

8. Respective responsi
Directors’ responsibilities
As explained more fully in their statement set out on p. 81,

the Directors are responsible for: the preparation of the financial
statements, including being satisfied that they give a true and fair
view; such internal control as they determine is necessary to
enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; assessing
the Group and parent Company's ability to continue as a going
concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern;
and using the going concern basis of accounting unless they
either intend to liquidate the Group or the parent Company or to
cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

alphatme.com


===== page 91 =====
88 = Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Corporate Governance
Independent auditor's report continued

Auditor's responsibilities

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements as a whole are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue our
opinion in an auditor's report. Reasonable assurance is a high level
of assurance, but does not guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud
or error and are considered material if, individually or in aggregate,
they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial statements.

A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC’s
website at www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities.

9. The purpose of our audit work and to whom we
owe our responsibilities

This report is made solely to the Company's members, as a body,
in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act
2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state
to the Company's members those matters we are required to state
to them in an auditor's report and for no other purpose. To the
fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume
responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the
Company's members, as a body, for our audit work, for this report,
or for the opinions we have formed.

Craig Parkin (Senior Statutory Auditor)
for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor

Chartered Accountants
Nottingham
22 June 2023

alphafme.com



===== page 92 =====
et “4
In eT
Ll”



===== page 93 =====
90 Annual Report & Accounts 2023 (a)

Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
For the year ended 31 March 2023

Yearended __Year ended
31 March 2023 31 March 2022
Note £7000 £000
Continuing operations
Revenue 2 228,717 158,005
Rechargeable expenses 2 (1,562) (196)
Net fee income® 2 227,155 157,809
Cost of sales 2 (146,796) (98,452)
Gross profit 2 80,359 59,357
Administration expenses (61,723) (41,582)
Operating profit 3 28,636 17,775
Finance income. 6 364 1
Finance expense 6 (3,229) (2,894)
Profit before tax . 25,771 14,882
Taxation 8 (7,810) (6,370)
Profit for the year 17,961 8,512
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 3,510 3,180
Total other comprehensive income 3,510 3,180
Total comprehensive income for the year 21,471 11,692
Basic earnings per ordinary share (p) i 1 15.82 7.69
Diluted earnings per ordinary share (p) . 1" 14.79 7.25

25 Net foe income, adjusted EBITDA and other alternative performance measures are defined and reconciled in note 4.

alphafmc.com


===== page 94 =====
(9) Annual Report & Accounts 2023 91

Consolidated statement of financial position
As at 31 March 2023

Asat Asat
31 March 2023 31 March 2022
Note £'000 £000
Assets
Non-current assets
Goodwill 12 103,676 100,991
Intangible fixed assets 12 27,588 31,333
Property, plant and equipment 14 1113 806
Right-of-use asset 7 4,008 2,304
Deferred tax asset 9 3,033 671
Capitalised contract fulfilment costs 15 108 131
Total non-current assets 139,526 136,236
Current assets
Trade and other receivables 15 34,128 29,569
Cash and cash equivalents 16 59,215 63,516
Total current assets 93,343 93,085
Current liabilities,
Trade and other payables 7 (60,539) (66,671)
Provisions 18 (3,326) (8.277)
Corporation tax (1,321) (4,788)
Lease liabilities 7 (2,104) (1,134)
Total current liabilities (67,290) (65,870)
Net current assets 26,053 27,215
Non-current liabilities
Deferred tax liability 9 (2,783) (4,331)
Other non-current liabilities , 19 (11,400) (25,100)
Lease liabilities 7 (2,087) (1,275)
Total non-current liabilities (16,240) (30,706)
Net assets 149,339 132,745
Equity
Issued share capital 21 90 89
Share premium 119,438 119,438
Foreign exchange reserve 6,992 3,482
Other reserves 17,258 9,361
Retained earnings 5,561 375
Total shareholders’ equity 149,339 132,745

The notes on pp 94-128 form part of these consolidated financial statements. These financial statements were approved and
authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 22 June 2023.

They were signed on its behalf by:

4

Io.
Ta a

Luc MJ Baqué John € Paton .
Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer

alphafme.com

sjuawajeys jeueuly


===== page 95 =====
92 = Annual Report & Accounts 2023

——a —
Consolidated statement of cash flows
For the year ended 31 March 2023
Year ended Year ended
31 March 2023 31 March 2022
Note £'000 £'000

Cash flows from operating activities:
Profit for the year 17,961 8,512
Taxation 8 7,810 6,370
Finance income 6 (364) ()
Finance expenses 6 3,229 2,894
Profit from exchange rate movements on cash held (2,364) -
Depreciation charge 714 1,933 1,155,
(Gain)/loss on disposal of fixed assets (14) 32
Amortisation of intangible fixed assets 12 4,762 5,272
Share-based payment charge 22 7,023 4,075
(Decrease)/increase in provisions 18 (19) 1,302
Operating cash flows before movements in working capital 39,957 29,611
Working capital adjustments:
Increase in trade and other receivables (3,834) (7,086)
Increase in trade and other payables 7,752 15,729
Tax paid (13,285) (4,767)
Net cash generated from operating activities 30,590 33,507
Cash flows from investing activities:
Interest received 6 364 1
Acquisition consideration payments, including deferred and contingent 13 (20,829) (23,796)
Purchase of intangible assets 12 (319) ~
Purchase of property, plant and equipment, net of disposals 14 (860) (684)
Net cash used in investing activities (21,644) (24,479)
Cash flows from financing activities:
Issue of ordinary share capital - 31,102
Share issuance costs - (1,053)
Net settlement of vested share options (343) -
EBT purchase of Company's own shares (1,139) (205)
Drawdown of revolving credit facility 6 12,500 -
Repayment of revolving credit facility 6 (12,500) -
Interest and bank loan fees (482) (285)
Principal lease liability payments 7 (1,315) (814)
Interest on lease liabilities 7 (216) (111)

jividends paid 10 (12,774) (8,678)
Net cash (used in)/generated from financing activities (16,269) 19,956
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents (7,323) 28,984
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year 63,516 34,012
Effect of exchange rate movements on cash held 3,022 520
‘Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year 59,215 63,516

alphafme.com


===== page 96 =====
(n) Annual Report & Accounts 2023 93

Consolidated statement of changes in equity
For the year ended 31 March 2023

Foreign
Share Share exchange Other Retained

capital premium reserve reserves earnings Total

£000 £'000 £'000 £000 £000 £'000

As at 1 April 2021 80 89,396 302 4,044 543 94,365

Comprehensive income
Profit for the year - - - - 8,512 8,512
Foreign exchange differences on translation

of foreign operations - - 3,180 - - 3.180
Transactions with owners

Shares issued (equity) 9 30,042 - - i) 30,049
Purchase of own shares by the EBT - - - (205) - (205)
Share-based payment charge - - - 4,075 - 4,075

Net settlement of vested share options - - - (12) - (12)
Current tax recognised in equity - - - 220 - 220
Deferred tax recognised in equity - - - 1,239 - 1,239
Dividends - - - - (8,678) (8,678)

As at 31 March 2022 89 119,438 3,482 9,361 375 132,745
Comprehensive income 2
Profit for the year - - - - 17,961 17,961 a
Forsign xchange. diferences on translation _ _ 3,510 . . 3,510 2
Transactions with owners §
Shares issued (equity) 1 - - - (1) - 3
Purchase of own shares by the EBT - - - (1,139) - (1,139)
Share-based payment charge - - - 7,023 - 7,023

Net settlement of vested share options - - - (343) - (343)
Current tax recognised in equity - - - 1,486 - 1,486
Deferred tax recognised in equity - - - 870 - 870
Dividends - - - - (12,774) (12,774)

As at 31 March 2023 90 119,438 6,992 17,258 5,561 149,339
Share capital Other reserves

‘Share capital represents the nominal value of share capital subscribed. The other reserves represent the cumulative fair value of the
IFRS 2 share-based payment charge recognised each year,
Share premium associated current tax and deferred tax, equity-settled acquisition

The share premium account is used to record the aggregate consideration reserves, and purchases of the Company's own
amount or value of premiums paid when the Company's shares shares by the employee benefit trust ("EBT").

are issued at a premium, net of associated share issuance costs. . .
Retained earnings

Foreign exchange reserve The retained earnings reserve represents cumulative net gains
and losses recognised in the consolidated statement of

The foreign exchange reserve represents exchange differences
9! 9 pr ng comprehensive income less dividends paid.

that arise on consolidation from the translation of the financial
statements of foreign subsidiaries, including goodwill.

alphafmc.com


===== page 97 =====
94 = Annual Report & Accounts 2023

_2

Notes to the consolidated financial statements

1, Summary of significant accounting policies
General information

The principal activity of the Group is the provision of consulting
and related services to clients in the asset management, wealth
management and insurance industries, principally in the UK,
North America and Europe & APAC.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc is incorporated in England
and Wales with registered number 09965297. The Company is
public limited company and is listed on the AIM of the London
Stock Exchange. Its registered office is 60 Gresham Street,
London EC2V 7BB.

The consolidated financial statements were authorised for issue
in accordance with a resolution of the Directors on 22 June 2023.

Basis of preparation

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with international accounting standards in conformity
with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

These financial statements have been prepared under the
historical cost basis, except for certain financial instruments
that are measured at fair value.

The presentational currency of these financial statements is pound
sterling. All amounts in these financial statements have been
rounded to the nearest £1,000, except where otherwise stated.

Going concern

In assessing the Group's and the Company's abilities to continue
‘on a going concern basis for a period of at least 12 months from
the approval of these financial statements (the “going concern
period”), the Directors considered the Group's projected cash
flows, cash liquidity and existing undrawn borrowing facilities.

As at 31 March 2023, the Group held considerable financial
resources including cash balances of £59.2m. The Group also
has access, throughout the going concern period, to a revolving
credit facility ("ROCF") of £50.0m, providing further liquidity. See
notes 6 and 27 for details of the Group's banking facility, and
also note 23 for details of the financial risks facing the Group.

The Group prepared cash-flow forecasts covering the going
concern period. The base case assumes trading performance
over the forecast period in line with the Board-approved budget,
below average revenue growth in recent years, at similar margins,
whilst incorporating future cash flows related to deferred
consideration and earn-out payments due. The Directors
considered the principal risks and mitigants (as set out on pp
50-53) and analysed a range of cash-flow downside scenarios
including a “reverse stress test” scenario. This models the decline
in sales that the Group would be able to absorb over the going
concern period before utilising all of the existing cash reserves
available, while assuming the maximum Lionpoint and Shoreline
acquisition payments. The Directors consider this scenario and
the sequence of events that could lead to it to be remote, as it
requires annualised revenue reductions of close to 40%
compared to the base case, before modelling any mitigating
actions, including cost reductions. The Group's RCF remains
fully undrawn in the going concern scenarios.

alphafme.com

The Directors have considered the Group's continued growth, strong
cash conversion and new business pipeline, while also remaining
cognisant of the potential ongoing macro-economic uncertainty.

After careful consideration of the scenarios, the Directors have a
reasonable expectation that the Group's existing resources are
adequate to meet its requirements over the going concern period.
On this basis, the Directors consider that it is appropriate to adopt
the going concern basis in preparing the financial statements.

Basis of consolidation

These financial statements consolidate the financial statements
of the Company and its subsidiary undertakings (the “Group”)
as at 31 March 2023.

Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date of acquisition,
being the date on which the Group obtains control, and continue
to be consolidated until the date that such contro! ceases. The
financial statements of subsidiaries are prepared for the same
reporting period as the parent company, using consistent
accounting policies.

All intra~Group balances, income and expenses and unrealised
gains and losses resulting from intra-Group transactions are
eliminated in full.

Principal accounting policies

The principal accounting policies adopted in the preparation
of these consolidated financial statements are set out below:

Significant judgements and estimates

The preparation of financial information in accordance with IFRS.
requires management to make judgements, estimates and
assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies
and reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses.

Judgements
In the process of applying the Group's accounting policies, the
Directors have made two judgements (excluding those involving
estimations), which are considered to have a significant effect on
the financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2023.

Alternative performance measures

To assist in understanding the underlying performance of the
Group, management presents various alternative performance
measures ("APMs"), which exclude certain adjusting items. APMs
are provided to allow stakeholders a further understanding of the
underlying trading performance of the Group and aid comparability
between accounting periods. Management applies judgement to
identify those income or expense items that are deemed to
warrant exclusion from the calculation of the Group's adjusted
measures to allow stakeholders a further understanding of the
underlying performance of the business. These adjusting items
have been applied consistently across reporting periods.

A reconciliation to IFRS measures and explanation of each
adjusting item excluded are provided in note 4.

All adjusting items are considered individually for exclusion by
virtue of their nature or size. In the year ended 31 March 2023,
these items totalled £15.8m (FY 22: £14.4m) recognised in
administration expenses. A further £2.4m (FY 22: £2.5m)

was recognised within finance expenses.


===== page 98 =====
0

Revenue recognition

Revenue is the Group's most significant caption on the statement
of comprehensive income. Whilst the majority of the Group's
revenue is contracted on a time and materials basis, the Group
also has some fixed-price milestone contracts. The recognition of
revenue on such contracts involves consideration of the detailed
contractual terms against the requirements of IFRS 15. The key
judgements include assessment of whether revenue should be
recognised over time or at a point in time, and whether the
performance obligations under the contract have been met at the
balance sheet date, to best reflect the transfer of services through
the life of each contract.

Further information regarding the methods used to recognise
revenue for both time and materials and milestone contracts
is provided in the Group's accounting policy, as detailed on p. 99.

Estimates

A number of estimates have been made in the preparation of the
financial statements. The underlying assumptions in the Group's
estimates are based on historical experience and various other
factors that are deemed to be reasonable under the
circumstances. These assumptions form the basis of developing
estimates of the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are
not apparent from other sources. Estimates and underlying
assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to
estimates are recognised in the year in which the estimate is
revised and any future years affected. Actual results can differ
from these estimates.

The Directors have identified the following areas as key estimates
that are considered to have a significant risk of resulting in a
material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities
within the next financial year.

Share-based payments (note 22)

Management has estimated the share-based payment expense
under IFRS 2. In determining the share-based payment expense
and the associated social security tax thereon, management has.
considered several internal and external factors to judge the
probability that management and employee share incentives may
vest and to assess the fair value of share options at the date of
grant. Such assumptions involve estimating future performance,
share price and other factors. The fair value calculations have
been externally assessed for reasonableness in the current and
prior years. Refer to note 22 for sensitivity analysis.

Acquisition earn-outs (note 13)

Alpha’s acquisition earn-out liability calculations under IFRS 3
contain estimation uncertainty, as the earn-out potentially payable
in each case is linked to the future performance of the acquiree.
To determine the fair value of the earn-out liability at the balance
sheet date, management has assessed the potential future cash
flows of the acquired businesses respectively and the likelihood of
an earn-out payment being made and discounted using an
appropriate discount rate. These estimates could potentially
change because of events over the coming years. Refer to note
23 for sensitivity analysis.

Annual Report & Accounts 2023 95

Property, plant and equipment

All property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost
(or deemed historical cost) less accumulated depreciation.
Cost includes the original purchase price of the asset and the
costs attributable to bringing the asset to its working condition
for its intended use.

Depreciation is provided on all property, plant and equipment at
rates calculated to write each asset down to its estimated residual
value on a straight-line basis at the following annual rates:

Tangible fixed asset Useful economic life

Leasehold improvements 3-10 years
Fixtures and fittings 3-4 years
Computer equipment 3-6 years

Useful economic lives and estimated residual values are reviewed
annually and adjusted as appropriate.

Business combinations, goodwill and consideration

Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition
method as at the acquisition date, which is the date on which
control is transferred to the Group. Identifiable assets acquired
and liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured
at their fair values at the acquisition date.

Goodwill arises when the fair value of the consideration for a business
exceeds the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired.

In determining the fair value of intangible assets arising on a
business combination, management assesses the timing and
amount of future cash flows applicable to the intangible assets
being acquired, discounted using an appropriate discount rate.
The estimated cash flows are based on current budgets and
forecasts, extrapolated for an appropriate period, considering
growth rates and expected changes to selling prices and
operating costs. Management estimates an appropriate discount
rate using post-tax rates that reflect current market assessments
of the time value of money and the risks specific to the business
being acquired (see note 12).

In line with IAS 21 para 47, goodwill arising on the acquisition of a
foreign operation is held in local currency and is retranslated into
the Group's presentational currency at each reporting date using
the closing foreign exchange rate.

Goodwill is initially recognised and measured as set out above.

Goodwill is not amortised but is reviewed for impairment at least
annually as described below.

alphafme.com

syuawmiayeys jeloueuly


===== page 99 =====
96 Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

1, Summary of significant accounting policies
continued

Impairment reviews - goodwill

For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to
‘each of the Group's cash-generating units ("CGUs") or groups of
cash-generating units expected to benefit from the synergies of
the combination. Goodwill is tested for impairment annually or,
more frequently, when there is an indication of impairment.

The Group performs impairment reviews at the reporting period
‘end to identify any goodwill assets that have a carrying value that
is in excess of its recoverable amount. Determining the recoverability
‘of goodwill requires judgement in both the methodology applied
and the key variables within that methodology. If it is determined
that an impairment is required, the carrying value of the goodwill
is reduced to its recoverable amount with the difference recorded
as an impairment charge in the income statement. An impairment
loss recognised for goodwill is not reversed.

In accordance with IAS 36, the Group has tested goodwill for
impairment at the balance sheet date. No goodwill impairment
was deemed necessary at 31 March 2023.

Contingent and deferred consideration on acquisition
Contingent and deferred consideration may arise on acquisitions.
Deferred consideration may arise when settlement of all or part of
the cost of business combination falls due after the acquisition
was completed. Contingent consideration may arise where
consideration is dependent on the future performance of the
acquired company.

Deferred and contingent consideration associated with business
combinations settled in cash is assessed in line with agreed
contractual terms. Consideration payable is discounted for the
time value of money and recognised as capital investment cost

at fair value when the deferred or contingent consideration is not
employment-linked. Alternatively, where amounts payable are
contingent upon future employment, these amounts are recognised
as a remuneration expense over the deferral or contingent
performance period.

In circumstances where there is an option to settle in the form

of cash or a variable number of shares, the Group recognises a
financial liability for the fair value of the discounted consideration.
Where consideration is settled in a fixed number of shares, the
consideration is classified as equity, it is not remeasured, and
settlement is accounted for within equity. Otherwise, subsequent
changes to the fair value of the deferred and contingent
consideration are recognised in the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income.

At each balance sheet date, consideration liabilities comprise

the fair value of the remaining contingent or deferred consideration
valued at acquisition, and the cumulative value of the employment-
linked amounts recognised through the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income since acquisition.

At each balance sheet date, the fair value of the liabilities initially
recognised at the acquisition date is measured using level 3
inputs in accordance with the fair value hierarchy and as such
these calculations contain estimation uncertainty, as they relate to
future performance. The key inputs associated with the valuation
of these fiabilities include the potential future cash flows of each
acquired business, the likelihood of an earn-out payment being
made and developing an appropriate discount rate to apply to

alphafme.com

these future cash flows. Changes in the carrying value of these
liabilities associated with the passage of time are recognised as
a finance cost, whereas changes in the underlying forecasts
‘supporting the fair value are recognised within administration
expenses as an adjusting item. For further detail see note 13.

Cash flows in relation to employment-linked amounts are
recorded within operating activities. All other consideration
payments, including any movements in contingent consideration
in the year, are recorded within investing activities.

Other intangible assets

Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are initially
recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is
regarded as their cost). After initial recognition, intangible assets
acquired in a business combination are reported at cost less
accumulated amortisation and any impairment losses.

Intangible assets acquired as part of a business combination
Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are
identified and recognised separately from goodwill where they
satisfy the definition of an intangible asset under IAS 38. Such
assets are only recognised if either:

— they are capable of being separated or divided from the Group
and sold, transferred, licensed, rented or exchanged, either
individually or together with a related contract, identifiable asset
or liability, regardless of whether the Group intends to do so; or

— they arise from contractual or other legal rights, regardless of
whether those rights are transferrable or separable from the
entity or from other rights and obligations.

The cost of such intangible assets is their fair value at the
acquisition date. All intangible assets acquired through business
combination are amortised over their estimated useful lives.

The significant intangibles recognised by the Group, their useful
economic lives and the methods used to determine the cost of
the intangibles acquired in business combinations are as follows.
These useful economic lives are reassessed at each reporting date:
Useful economic life

Intangible asset Valuation method

Customer 11-17 years Multi-period excess
relationships earnings method
Intellectual 7 years Relief from royalty method
property

Trade name 10-15 years Relief from royalty method
Order backlog 1-2 years Multi-period excess

earnings method

Internally developed intangible assets

Capitalised development costs represent the costs incurred in the
development of enhancements to internally generated software,
primarily within the Aiviq business.

Auseful economic life of three years has been deemed
appropriate based on the expected project lifecycle in
development of new software. The amortisation charge is
recognised in administration expenses within the statement
of comprehensive income.


===== page 100 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2023 97

Foreign exchange
Transactions in foroign ourroncios aro translatod to the relevant
ontity’c functional currency at tho avorago foroign exchange rato
in tho month of tho transaction. Monotary assots and liabilitics
denominatod in foroign curroncios at the balance shoet date aro
rotranclatod to tho functional currenoy at tho foreign exchange
rate ruling at that date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that
are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are
translated using the average exchange rate in the month of the
transaction and are not retranslated. Foreign exchange
differences arising on translation to functional currency are
recognised in administration expenses.

Tho rovonuos and oxpansos of foreign oporations aro translated
to tho Group's functional curroncy at the avorago foreign exchange
rate in the month of the date of the transactions. The assets and
liabilities of foreign operations, including goodwill and fair value
agjuctmonts arising on consolidation, are translated to the Croup’s
prosontational curroney, pound storling, at foroign oxchange rates
ruling at the balance sheet date. Foreign exchange differences
arising on rotranslation of accots and liabilitioc rolating to foroign
‘operations are recognised in total comprehensive income.
Exchango difforences on translation of foroign operations may
be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss when specific
conditions are met.

Financial instruments

The Group uses financial instruments comprising cash and
cash equivalents, borrowings, and other short-term instruments,
such as trade payables that arise from its operations, The main
purpose of these financial instruments is to fund the Group’s
business strategy and working capital requirements.

Accounting policies in respect of financial instruments are
outlined below,

Financial assets

Financial assets are initially measured at fair value plus or minus,
in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or
loss, transaction costs. The Group has not reclassified any
financial ascots subsequent to initial rocognition as at the balance
sheet date. Reclassification of classes of financial assets is
accounted for prospectively in accordance with IFRS 9, where
this is required. Any difference on reclassification from amortised
cost to fair value through profit or loss is recognised in the
statement of comprehensive income at the reclassification date.

Financial assets are assessed at each reporting date to determine
a lifetime expected credit loss that reflects the credit risk
associated with the portfolio of assets. A financial asset is
impaired in line with the simplified approach under IFRS 9,

which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance.

The Group recognises an expected credit loss provision in
relation to financial assets. The simplified method is applied to
the Group's trade receivables as described below. The Group's
expected credit loss provision on all other financial assets is
immaterial as the probability of default is low. Movements in

the expoctod cradit lose provicion aro recognisod in profit or loss.
Refer to note 15 for further details.

Refor to noto 23 for the dicclocure of financial assets measured
at amortised cost.

Trade and other receivables

Trado and other roccivables are recogniscd initially at fair valuc,
equal to the transaction pricc, and subsequently mcasurcd at
amortiood cost i099 provision for impairment. The trade
receivables balances recorded in the Group's statement of
financial position arc held until realised in cash.

The Group provides services to customers on credit terms with
mainly arrears billing. Certain receivables may not be paid.

The Group applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring
expected credit losses, which uses a lifetime expected loss
allowance for all trade receivables. To measure expected credit
losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on shared
crodit characteristics and the days past due. The Group considers
historical logs rates for each ageing category as 4 starting point for
estimating the expected credit loss. This historical loss rate is
subsequently adjusted for macro-economic and customer-specific
factors of reccivables within cach ageing category. Characteristics
considorod by tho Croup for these purposes include: historical
collection experience for each customer; the assessed liquidity of
oy customers within the recoivables balance; and other relevant
macro-economic factors in order to determine a reasonable and
supportablo assessment of the cxpccted lifetime credit risk in the
context of the overall year-end trade receivables due.

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances that are
recorded and subsequently measured at amortised cost in line
with IFRS 9. Bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand and
form an integral part of the Group's cash management are
included as a component of cash and cash equivalents for the
purpose of the cash flow statement only.

Financial liabilities
Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss

Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss
include financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities
designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit
or loss. Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they
are acquired for the purpose of selling in the near term. This
category includes derivative financial instruments entered into
by the Group that are not designated as hedging instruments in
hedge relationships as defined by IFRS 9. As at 31 March 2023,
the Group had no derivative financial instruments or designated
hedge relationships.

Trade and other payables

Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value,
equal to the transaction price, and are subsequently measured at
amortised cost. Trade payables due within one year are not discounted.

Refer to note 23 for the disclosure of financial liabilities measured
at amortised cost and fair value.

alphafme.com



===== page 101 =====
98 Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

1. Summary of significant accounting policies
continued

Provisions

Provisions are distinct from other liabilities as there is uncertainty
over the timing or amount of the cash outflow required to settle
the liability. Provisions are measured at the present value of the
expenditure expected to be required to settle the obligation.
These are discounted to present valite using an appropriate
pre-tax discount rate, where the time value of money is material.
Refer to note 18 for detail of classes of provisions and further
detail on material assumptions.

Current and deferred tax

Taxation expense on the result for the year comprises current
and deferred tax. Current and deferred tax is recognised in the
consolidated statement of comprehensive income, except to
the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in equity,
in which case it is recognised in equity.

Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the
taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or
substantively enacted at the balance sheet date, and any
adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous periods.

Deferred tax is provided using the balance sheet liability
approach, providing for temporary differences between the
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting
purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. The
amount of deferred tax provided is based on the expected
manner of realisation or settlement of the carrying amount of
assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively
enacted at the balance sheet date.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each
balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer
probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all
or part of the asset to be recovered. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set
off current tax assets against current tax liabilities, and when thoy
relate to taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the
Group intends lo sells ils current tax assets and liabilities on a
net basis.

Eater nal borrowings

All loans and borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, equal
to the value of amounts received. Borrowings are subsequently
stated at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds
and the redemption value is recognised in the statement of
comprehensive income over the period of the borrowings using
the effective interest method.

Non-financial assets

The carrying amounts of the entity's non-financial assets, other
than deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each reporting date to
determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any
such indication exists, then the asset's recoverable amount is
estimated. The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating
unit (“CGU’) is the greater of its value in use and its fair value, less
costs to sell. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash
flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax
discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time
value of money and the risks specific to the asset.

alphafme.com

For the purposes of impairment testing, assets that cannot be
testod individually aro groupod togother into the smallest group of
assots that gonoratos indopondont cach inflowe (tho CGU); that is,
cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of
the cash inflows of other assets or groups of assets.

An impairment loss ic rocognicod if tho carrying amount of an asset
or its CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable amount. Impairment
losses are recognised in the statement of comprehensive income.
Impairment losses recognised in respect of CGUs are allocated
first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to
‘tho units and thon to roduce tho carrying amounte of other aseets
in the unit (or group of units) on a pro-rata basis

An impairment loss relating to non-financial assets, excluding
goodwill, is reversed if and only if the reasons for the impairment
have ceased to apply.

Impairment losses recognised in prior years are assessed at each
reporting date for any indication that the loss has decreased or no
longer exists. An impairment loss is only reversed to the extent
that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying
amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or
amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

Right-of-use assets are accounted for in line with the “Leases”
section below.

Leases

The Group leases office premises in various jurisdictions. Leases
are negotiated on an individual basis, and for a variety of terms
over which rentals are fixed with break clauses and options to
extend for a further period at the then prevailing market rate.
Rental agreements to which IFRS 16 has been applied span
anywhere between 12 months and 10 years. Contracts may
contain both lease and non-lease components. Non-lease
components are separately identifiable and excluded from the
recognition of the lease under IFRS 16.

The Icaso agreemonts do not imposo any covenants other than tho
security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor.
Loasod assots may not be used as socurity for borrowing purposos.

Alongside the ronta! leases associatod with tho office spaces, the
Group aloo holds loasos over associatod car parking facilitios and
leases associated with office equipment. These form the
population of leases subject to IFRS 16 accounting.

Measurement of lease liabilities

On initial recognition of a new lease, the lease liability is
recognised as the present value of future payments, discounted
using the incremental borrowing rate ("IBR"), unless the interest
rate implicit to the lease is available for use.

Lease payments to be made subsequent to optional termination
options have been included within the lease liability measurement,
whore it is roasonably cortain that cuch options will bo oxorcicod.

Lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in
the lease. If that rate cannot be easily determined, the IBR is
applied, being the rate that the individual lessee would have to pay
to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value
to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment with
similar terms, security and conditions. In determining the IBR, the
Group has made adjustments for relevant factors such as lease
torm, Icase value and country and asset-spocific concidoratione.


===== page 102 =====
The Group accounts for lease payments by allocating them to a
finance cost element and against the lease liability. The finance
cost is charged to the statement of comprehensive income over
the lease period.

When the Group revises its estimate of the term of any lease (for
example, if a significant change in circumstances within the
Group's control indicates a reassessment is appropriate), the
Group adjusts the carrying amount of the lease liability to reflect
the payments to mako ovor tho ravisod torm, which aro discountod
using a revised discount rate. In such cases, an equivalent
adjustment is made to the carrying value of the right-of-use asset,
with the revised carrying amount being amortised over the
remaining (revised) lease term. If the carrying amount of the
right-of-use asset is adjusted to zero, any further reduction is
recognised in the statement of comprehensive income.

Tho Group has noe matorial oxpocuro to variablo loase payments
that qualify for accounting treatment under IFRS 16.

Measurement of right-of-use assets
The right-of-use asset for lease agreements entered into after
transition date is measured on initial recognition as the amount
oqual to tho loaco liability, less any lease incentives, plus any initial
diroct costs. Right of use accots aro doprociated ovor the shortor
of the asset's useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis.

The Group has used the practical expedients permitted by
IFRS 16 in relation to accounting for leases with a lease term of
less than 12 months as “short-term leases”, and those with a low
value as “low-value leases". Consequently, no lease liability or
right-of-use asset is calculated thereon. These leases are
oxponsod in the statemont of comprehansive inoome. The Croup:
also applios tho practical oxpodiont to combino loasos with similar
charactoristicc to a portfolio of loasos for tho purpose of applying
the requirements of IFRS 16

S00 note 7 for furthor dotails on tho Group's leasing arrangomonts.

Revenue recognition
Recognition of revenue and client billing

Rovenuo concicts of tho valuo of work oxocuted for clionts during
tho yoar and oxponses recharged, exclusive of VAT, Nevenuc is
Classified into net fee income and recharged expenses. Net fee
income roprosonts tho Group’s porsonnol, subcontractor and
related expertise and services sold to clients. Recharged
expenses are the recharge of costs incidental to fulfilling contracts
including flights, subsistence and accommodation on which nil or
negligible margin is earned by the Group.

Tho Group dolivers services that havo no altornativo use to Alpha
{advico to cliontc, roports, otc.) as the sorvioes are spocifically
tailored to clients’ projects and scope of work. The significant
majority of the Group's revenue is contracted on a time and
materials basis, where the performance obligation is to provide
consultancy rocources at agrood day ratos. For such contracts,
rovonuo it rocognicod ovor timo, as consultant days worked arc
delivered. Modifications or extensions to such projects are
recognised as services are delivered. Significant extensions,
whore the ccopo or price of the contract increases, are treated
as separate contracts. Contracts accounted for on a time and
materials basis are billed incrementally, typically monthly, for
incurred time and materials.

Annual Report & Accounts 2023 99

Revenue recognition for fixed-fee projects is based on the
Satisfaction of performance obligations in line with contractual
projoct milestones, depending on the nature of the performance
obligations for the project. Material scope changes are managed
via a new agreement with the client. Fixed-fee projects are typically
billed in accordance with the nature of the performance
obligations when a right to payment crystallises.

For most fixed-fee milestone projects, revenue is recognised at a
point in time upon delivery of cach performance obligation and
these projects are typically billed as contractual milestones are
delivered and the right to payment exists. Contractual milestones
are only treated as separate performance obligations by the Group.
when they are distinct from the other elements in the contract
and could provide a benefit to the customer without further work
being completed. In limited circumstances, revenue from fixed fee
milestone projects is recognised over time where the Group has
avy enfurceable right w payment for performance completed 16
date, before the contractual milestone has been fully delivered.

Revenue relating to right-to-access software licensing fees is
recognised over time, as the benefits of the software are
consumed by the customer over the licence period. Associated
implementation and othor sorviccs arc recognised in line with the
undorlying porformanco obligation, oithor ovor the contractual
licence period where the associated service is not distinct from
the licence, or in line with the work performed where the service
provided is deemed distinct from the underlying licence. This
assessment is made at a contractual level based on the level of
interdependency between the promises in each related contract.

Syuawiayeys jeroueuly

Revenue is wholly attributable to the principal activities of the
Croup. For all revonue types, payment is typically due between SO
and 60 days aftor tho invoice dato or reccipt of invoico, doponding
‘on tho cliont and gcography.

Recognition of contract receivables

Activity performance recognised as revenue In excess of invoites
raised results in the recognition of a contract receivable, which is
included with accrued income, up to the value of the relevant
project delivery milestone where applicable.

Recognition of contract liabilities

Where amounts have been invoiced in excess of work performed
and rovonuo rocognisod, the excoss is a contract liability and is
included within deferred income, valued in line with the nature of
the project and related performance obligations as described
above and recognised in future periods.

Cost of sales

Cust of sales is Ue/inied by Management as tne airect Costs
associaled with the generation ot the Group's revenue, including
staff payroll and contractor costs that are directly attributable to
the delivery of services and supporting growth.

Rechargeable cxpenses, including travel and subsistence directly
recharged to the Croup’s clients as part of revenue generation,
are presented within the “rechargeable expenses” line within the
Group's statement of comprehensive income.

alphafme.com


===== page 103 =====
100 Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

1. Summary of significant accounting policies
continued

Capitalised contract fulfilment costs

Costs directly attributable to the fulfilment of unsatisfied or
partially Unsatistied performance obligations on customer
contracts are recognised as an asset where these costs generate
or enhance resources of the Group and the costs are expected to
be recovered. These costs principally relate to partially completed
milestones on fixed-fee contracts and non-distinct software
implernentation costs Incurred In advance of the commencernetl
of the client's licence period on Aiviq contracts. These costs are
recognised in the consolidated income statement at the point of
revenue recognition for fixed-fee milestone projects, or are
arorlised to the curtsulidated income statement over the licens
period for non-distinct software implementation costs.

Administration expenses

Administration expenses are defined by management as costs
incurred by the Group that are not directly associated with the
generation of revenue. This includes items such as head office
staf costs, recruitment and professional fees and IT services,
which are expensed as incurred. Administration expenses exclude
finance income and expenses and taxation, which are presented
separately in the income statement.

Segmental reporting
An operating segment is a component of the Group:

(i) that engages in business activities from which it may earn
revenues and incur expenses (including revenues and
expenses relating to transactions with other components of
the same Group);

(i), whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the Board
of Directors in order to make decisions about resources to be
allocated to that component and assess its performance; and

(iii) for which discrete financial information is available.

Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the
internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision maker,
as required by IFRS 8 Uperating Segments. Ine chief operating
decision maker is responsible for allocating resources and
assessing performance of the operating segments and has been
identified as the Board of Directors.

The accounting policies of the reportable segments are consistent
with the accounting policies of the Group as a whole. Segment
profit represents the gross profit earned by each segment without
allocation of administration expenses, interest payable and tax.
This is the measure of profit that is reported to the Board of
Directors for the purpose of resource allocation and the
assessment of segment performance.

The Board regularly reviews consolidated opcrating results to
make decisions about the financial and organisational resources
of the Group and to assess overall performance.

alphafme.com

Employee benefits
Defined contribution pension pian

A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan
under which the Group pays fixed contributions into a separate
‘ontity and will have a legal or constructive obligation to pay furthor
amounts. Contributions to defined contribution schemes are
charged to the statement of comprehensive income as they
become payable in accordance with the rules of the scheme.
Differences between contributions payable in the year and
contributions paid aro shown as eithor accruals or propaymonts
in the consolidated statement of financial position.

Share-based payments

Tho cost of share-based omployoo componsation arrangomonts,
whereby employees receive remuneration in the form of shares
or share options, is recognised as an employco bonofit oxponco
in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

The total expense to be apportioned over the vesting period of
the benefit is determined by reference to the fair value (excluding
the effect of non-market-based vesting conditions) at the date
of grant.

In determining the fair value of share-based payments under
IFRS 2, management has considered a number of internal and
‘external factors in order to judge the probability that management
and employee share incentives may vest. Such judgements.
involve estimating future performance and other non-market-
based factors.

At the ond of caoh reporting poriod the assumptions undorlying
the number of awards expected to vest are adjusted for the
effects of non-market-based vesting conditions to reflect the
conditions prevailing at that date. The impact of any revisions
to the original estimates is recognised in the statement of
comprehensive income, with a corresponding adjustment to
equity. Fair value is measured by the use of a binomial model.
The assumptions have been adjusted, based on management's
best estimate, for the effects of non-transferability, lack of
dividend until vesting and exercise restrictions.

The fair value calculations in both tho curront and prior yeare have
been externally assessed and deemed reasonable in the
circumstances.

After vesting, the Group satisfies share option exercises either
through the issuance of new ordinary shares, or through the
transfer of existing shares held in the Company's EBT to the
employee. Any share options not exercised upon vesting remain
outstanding until the end of the contracted exercise period.

Other benefits

The Group operates a profit share bonus and other bonus
schemes that aim to pay employees a percentage of an
individual's salary, subject to country or rogional lovol corporate
performance in the period. The profit share is accrued at each
reporting date, based on management's best estimates of the
staff bonuses to be paid considering the overall financial
performance and is recognised as an employee benefit expense
in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

Short-term employee benefits, including holiday pay and medical
care, are accrued as services are rendered.


===== page 104 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2023101

Earnings per share

The Group presents basic and diluted earnings per share ("EPS"),
on both a statutory and adjusted basis. Basic EPS is calculated
by dividing the profit or loss for the year attributable to ordinary
shareholders by the weighted average number of ordinary shares
outstanding during the year.

The Group applies the “treasury share method” in calculating the
weighted average number of dilutive ordinary shares used in the
calculation of diluted CPS, undor which only tho bonus olement

of potentially dilutive shares is reflected in the denominator. Bonus
shares represent the number of shares that could be issued to
satisfy share option awards granted to employees under the
Group’s management incentive plan (“MIP”) and employee
incentive plan (“EIP”), net of shares covered by the assumed
proceeds to be received for these awards in the future. For further
detail on these plans, please see note 22.

‘These share options are only included in the calculation of dilutive
sharcs where the performanco conditions, oxcluding employment
conditions, are deemed to be satisfied at the balance sheet date,
The inclusion of such potentially dilutive shares is weighted based
on the period in which the share options were outstanding in

the year. Potentially dilutive shares are only treated as dilutive
when their conversion to ordinary shares would decrease EPS

(or increase loss per share).

For the purpose of calculating adjusted EPS the same
adjustments as set out in note 4 are made to the Group's profit
for the financial year.

Alternative performance measures

In order to provide further information on the underlying
performance of the Group, the Group uses alternative
performance measures (“APMs’). The measures are not defined
under IFRS and they may not be directly comparable with other
companies’ adjusted measures. These non-GAAP measures are
not intended to be a substitute for, or superior to, any IFRS
measures of performance, but have been included as the
Directors consider them to be helpful measures used within the
business for assessing the underlying performance of the Group's
ongoing business across periods. The disclosure of these
measures within the financial statements is designed to provide
the user with equivalent information, and to supplement those
measures disclosed under IFRS. The Group performs a
reconciliation for each APM, which includes disclosure of the
most directly reconcilable line item, subtotal or total presented
under IFRS within the financial statements. For further details
please refer to note 4.

Dividends

Dividends proposed by the Board are recognised in the financial
statements when they have been approved by shareholders at
the AGM. Interim dividends are recognised when they are paid.

New accounting standards and interpretations

The following changes in accounting policies were applied by
the Group in these consolidated financial statements for the year
ended 31 March 2023. These included the adoption of new
standards and interpretations described below.

The International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and IFRS
Interpretations Committee ("IFRIC”) have issued the following
standards, amendments and interpretations which are now effective:

— Reference to the Conceptual Framework (Amendments to
IFRS 8), effective from 1 January 2022;

— Property, Plant and Equipment — Proceeds before Intended
Use (Amendments to IAS 16), effective from 1 January 2022;

— Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract (Amendments
to IAS 37), effective from 1 January 2022; and

— Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2018-20 Cycle,
effective from 1 January 2022.

The Directors reviewed the nature and effect of these new
standards on the Group and noted no material impact on the
financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2023.

The following other standards, interpretations and amendments
to existing standards have been issued but were not mandatory
for accounting periods beginning on 1 Aprit 2022 and are not
expected to have a material impact on the Group:

squawiayeig jeloueuly

— Extension of the Temporary Exemption from Applying IFRS 9
(Amendments to IFRS 4), effective from 1 January 2023;

— Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a
Single Transaction (Amendments to IAS 12), effective from
1 January 2023;

— IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts, effective from 1 January 2023;
— Amendments to IFRS 17, effective from 1 January 2023;

— Disclosure of Accounting Policies (Amendments to IAS 1 and
IFRS Practice Statement 2), effective from 1 January 2023
(not yet endorsed by the Uk);

— Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-Current —
Deferral of Effective Date (Amendments to IAS 1), effective
from 1 January 2023;

— Definition of Accounting Estimates (Amendments to IAS 8),
effective from 1 January 2023;

— Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback (Amendments to
IFRS 16), effective from 1 January 2024 (not yet endorsed by
the UK); and

— Non-Current Liabilities with Covenants (Amendments to IAS 1),
effective from 1 January 2024 (not yet endorsed by the UK).

alphatme.com


===== page 105 =====
102 Annual Report & Accounts 2023 (a)

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

2. Segment information

Group management has determined the operating segments by considering the segment information that is reported internally to

the chief operating decision maker, the Board of Directors. For management purposes, the Group is currently organised into three
geographical operating divisions: UK, North America and Europe & APAC, which allows the Board to evaluate the nature and financial
effects of the business activities of the Group and the economic environments in which it operates. The Group's operations all consist
of one type: consultancy and related services to the asset management, wealth management and insurance industries.

The Directors consider that there is a material level of operational support and linkage provided to the Group's emerging territories
in Europe and APAC, as they develop their presence locally, and as such have been deemed to constitute one operating segment
(‘Europe & APAC").

Revenues associated with software licensing arrangements were not significant in both the current and prior years. Therefore,
the Directors consider that disaggregating revenue by operating segments is most relevant to depict the nature, amount, timing
and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows as may be affected by economic factors.

Segmental information

North Europe &

UK America?” APAC® Total
FY 23, £'000 £'000 £'000 £'000
Revenue 87,467 91,815 49,435 228,717
Rechargeable expenses (327) (717) (618) (1,562)
Net fee income 87,140 91,098 48,917 227,155
Cost of sales (62,117) (61,104) (33,575) (146,796)
Gross profit 35,023 29,994 15,342 80,359
Margin on net fee income (%) 40.2% 32.9% 31.4% 35.4%
Non-current assets 69,445, 46,721 23,360 139,526

North Europe &

UK America APAC Total
FY 22 £'000 £000 £'000 £'000
Revenue 72,134 47,001 38,870 158,005
Rechargeable expenses (71) (80) (45) (196)
Net fee income 72,063 46,921 38,825 157,809
Cost of sales (41,419) (31,594) (25,439) (98,452)
Gross profit 30,644 15,327 13,386 59,357
Margin on net fee income** (9%) 42.5% 32.7% 34.5% 37.6%
Non-current assets 71,110 42,808 22,318 136,236

During the year, the Group did not have any customers that comprised more than 10% of the Group's revenues (FY 22: nil)

The Group's central non-current assets have been allocated to the UK operating segment, except for goodwill (see note 12),
intangible assets and right-of-use assets, which have been allocated to relevant operating segments.

26 Margin on net fee income is gross profit expressed as a percentage of net fea income. Please refer to note 4 for further detal.
27 Within North America, the United States is a material country and generated revenue of £77.1m (FY 22: £40,8m) and gross profit of £23.6m (FY 22: £12.91),
28 Within Europe & APAG, France is @ material country and generated revenus of £18.7m (FY 22: £17.8m) and gross proft of £7.0m (FY 22: £7.0m),

alphafme.com


===== page 106 =====
a) Annual Report & Accounts 2023 103

3. Operating profit
Operating profit for the year is stated after charging:

FY 23 FY 22

Note £'000 £'000

Amortisation of intangible assets 12 4,762 5,272

Depreciation charge 7,14 1,933, 1,155,

Foreign exchange losses” 459 1,310

Rental expense 7 1,096 600

Impairment provision recognised on trade receivables 15 109 163

Defined contribution pension scheme costs 5 2,791 1,519

Share-based payment charge 22 7,950 6,218

Earn-out and deferred consideration? 13 2,528 1,423

Acquisition costs 331 683
Auditor's remuneration:

FY 23, FY 22

£'000 £000

Audit fees - parent company 123 112

Audit fees - subsidiary companies : 370 284

Other assurance services - -

All auditor remuneration relates to audit fees. There were no additional advisory services provided by the auditor to the Group in both
the current and prior years.

4. Reconciliations to alternative performance measures

Alpha uses alternative performance measures (“APMs") that are not defined under the requirements of IFRS. The APMs, including net
fee income, margin on net fee income, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted profit before tax, adjusted EPS, adjusted cash conversion, organic
net fee income growth and constant currency growth, are provided to allow stakeholders a further understanding of the underlying
trading performance of the Group and aid comparability between accounting periods. These measures have been applied consistently
across reporting periods. They are not considered a substitute for, or superior to, IFRS measures.

Net fee income

The Group disaggregates revenue into net fee income and expenses recharged to clients. Net fee income provides insight into the
Group's productive output and is used by the Board to set budgets and measure performance. This APM is reconciled on the face of
the consolidated statement of comprehensive income and by segment to revenue in note 2.

Profit margins

Margin on net fee income and adjusted EBITDA margin are calculated using gross profit and adjusted EBITDA, and are expressed as
a percentage of net fee income. These margins represent the margin that the Group earns on its productive output, excluding nil or
negligible margin expense recharges to clients over which the Group has limited control, and allows comparability of the business
output between periods. Such adjusted margins are used by the management team and the Board to assess the performance of
the Group.

29 Foreign exchange losses of £0.5m in the year include £2.5m on the retransiation of the Lionpoint earn-out and deterred consideration liabilty, denominated in US dollars, which is
included within the trade and other payables increase in the consolidated statement of cash flows. This is largely offset by 2 gain of £2.4m on the retranslalion of foreign currency cash
balances, primarily US collar balances held by UK subsiciaries, which \s shown separately in the consolidated statement of cash flows. The residual loss of £0.4m relates to other foreign
currency working capital balances.

30 The earn-ourt and deterred! consideration expense in the period comprises a far value adjustment of £0.7m and an employment-linked consideration charge of £1.7m as set out in note 13,
as well as an associated social security charge of £0.1m.

alphafme.com

syuawieyeys [eloueuly


===== page 107 =====
104 Annual Report & Accounts 2023 (a)

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

4. Reconciliations to alternative performance measures continued
Reconciliation of adjusted profit before tax, adjusted operating profit and adjusted EBITDA

FY 23 FY 22

Note £000 £'000

Profit before tax 25,771 14,882
Amortisation of acquired intangible assets 12 4,876 4716
(Profit)/loss on disposal of fixed assets (14) 32
Share-based payment charge 22 7,950 6,218
Earn-out and deferred consideration 13 2,525 1,423
Acquisition costs 331 683
Foreign exchange losses. 459 1,310
Adjusting items 15,827 14,382
Non-underlying finance expenses 13 2,417 2,487
Adjusted profit before tax 44,015 31,751
Net underlying finance expenses 6 448 406
Adjusted operating profit 44,463 32,157
Depreciation charge 714 1,933 1,155
Amortisation of capitalised development costs 12 186 556
Adjusted EBITDA 46,582 33,868
Adjusted EBITDA margin (%) 20.5% 21.5%

Adjusting items

To assist in understanding the underlying performance of the Group and aid comparability between periods, management applies
judgement to exclude certain expense items from the Group's APMs, which are deemed to warrant separate disclosure due to either
their nature or size. Such adjusting items as described below are generally non-cash, non-recurring by nature or are acquisition related

Amortisation of acquired intangible assets and profit or loss on disposal of fixed assets are treated as adjusting items to better reflect
the underlying performance of the business, as they are non-cash items, principally relating to acquisitions.

The share-based payment charge and related social security taxes are excluded from adjusted profit measures. This allows comparability
between periods as the Group's share option plans were established on AIM admission and have not yet fully settled into a regular cycle
of awards and vesting. The share-based payment charge is also subject to external factors, such as the Group's share price, over which
the Directors have less day-to-day influence as compared to other more directly controllable factors. The accounting treatment of the
Group's share options requires the charge for each share option award to be recognised over the vesting period, resulting in significant
growth in the charge in recent years as the Group matured post-AIM admission. The associated estimate of future employer's social
security taxes payable on these options is closely linked to the share-based payment charge, and fluctuates with the assumed future
market value of shares, and has therefore also been treated as an adjusting item. This approach has been applied consistently across
reporting periods. Note 22 sets out further details of the employee share-based payment charge calculation under IFRS 2.

This cycle of share option awards and vesting is now beginning to settle following the vesting of substantially all the remaining options
issued at IPO, and as such this charge is expected to become more comparable year on year in future periods. The Group will
continue to assess the status of this charge as an adjusting item in the Group's financial statements. If no adjustment was made

for the share-based payment charge, adjusted EBITDA for the year would be £38.6m (FY 22: £27.7m) and adjusted EBITDA margin
would be 17.0% (FY 22: 17.5%).

As per note 13, the acquisition of Lionpoint in the prior year involved both deferred and contingent payments. Part of the Lionpoint
acquisition payments is dependent on the ongoing employment of certain members of the senior Lionpoint management team,

and this element is expensed annually over several years until the date of payment. In prior years, the Group similarly recognised
employment-linked costs through the income statement relating to payments for the previous acquisitions of Axxsys and Obsidian,

or to reflect adjustments made to the fair value of the expected future payment. These costs have been treated as adjusting items as
they are considered to be part of the purchase price of the acquisition, rather than an ongoing expense item, and reflect the acquisition
terms rather than Group trading performance. Whilst these acquisition-related costs will recur in the short term through the earn-out
period, the adjustment allows comparability of underlying productive output and operating performance across reporting periods.

91 The earn-out and deferred consideration expense in the year comprises a fair value adjustment of £0.7m and an employment-linked consideration charge of £1.7m as set out in note 13,
as well as an associated social security charge of £0.1m.

alphafmc.com


===== page 108 =====
(a) Annual Report & Accounts 2023 105

Acquisition costs expensed in the year relate to the acquisition of Shoreline, which completed! shorlly after the reporting periacl as
disclosed in note 27. These costs include diligence and legal fees. In the prior year the acquisition costs related to the purchase of
Lionpoint. Whilst further similar acquisition costs could be incurred in the future, these cusls are not direclly attributable to the ongaing
oporational trading porformanco of the Group, the timing and amount of such costs may vary year to year and treating these as an
adjucting itom allowe comparability of tho oporating porformanco acroce roporting poriods. Thero wore no integration costs in the
‘current or prior year.

Tho impact of foraign curroncy volatility in tranclating local working capital and cash balances to their relovant functional currencioa
has been excluded from the calculation of adjusted profit measures on the basis that such exchange rate movements do not reflect
the underlying trends or operational performance of the Group. The foreign exchange movements primarily relate to acquisition
liabilities denominated in US dollars and associated US dollar cash balances. The other foreign exchange gains and losses on foreign
curroncy working capital and cash balances acroas the Croup are immaterial in both tho curront and prior year.

Non-underlying finance expenses

In calculating adjusted profit before tax, unwinding of the discounted contingent and deferred acquisition consideration within finance
oxponcos ic considered non undorlying as those amounts rolato to acquisition consideration, rathor than the Croup’s underlying
trading performance.

Adjusted profit before tax

‘Adjustod profit boforo tax is an APM calculated as profit before tax stated before adjusting itoms, including amortisation of acquired
intangible assets, share-based payment charge, acquisition-ralated payments and costs, nen-underlying finance expenses and other
non undorlying expenses. This moacuro allows comparability of tho Group's undorlying porformanos, reflecting depreciation,
amortisation of capitalised development costs and underlying finance experises.

Adjusted operating profit

‘Adjusted oporating profit is an APM defined by tho Croup as adjustad profit bofore tax before charging underlying finance expenses,
including foos on bank loans and intoroct on loase liabilities: Tho Dirootors considor this motrio alongside statutory operating profit to
allow furthor undorstanding and comparability of the underlying operating porformance of tho Group botwcon periods. This mcasure
has been consistontly ucod as tho basis for adjusted cash convorsion.

syuswejeig JeloueUly

Adjusted EBITDA

Adjuctod EBITDA is a commonly usod oporating moasuro, which is dofined by tho Group as adjusted operating profit stated beforo
non-cash itoms, including amortisation of capitalisod dovolopmont costs and doprociation of proporty, plant and oquipmont. Adjusted
EBITDA is a measure that is used by management and the Board to assess underlying trading performance across the Group, and
forms tho basis of tho porformance measures for aspects of remuncration, including consultant profit shara and bonuses.

Adjusted profit after tax

Adjusted profit after tax and adjusted eamings per share metiics are also APMS, sifuilarly used 10 allow a further understanding of the
undorlying porformanco of tho Group: Adjuctod profit aftor tax is statod bofore adjusting items and thoir associated tax effects. The
associated tax effects are calculated by applying the relevant effective tax rate to allowable expenses that have been excluded as
adjusting items. An effective tax rate of 0% has been applied to earn out and deferred consideration, acquisition costs and non-underlying
financo oxpencos totalling £5.3m as thoso itome aro troatod as capital in nature and are therefore non-deductible for tax purposes. An
ovorall offootive tax rato of 239% has been applied to all other adjusting itoms totalling £13.0m, reflecting the tax rates in the geographical
locations to which the items relate.

FY 23 FY 22
a an £'000 7 £000
Adjusted profit before tax 7 44,015 31,751
Tax charge (7.810) (6.370)
Tax impact of adjusting items (2,976) (1,624)
‘Adjusted profit after tax 33,229 23,757

alphafme.com


===== page 109 =====
106 Annual Report & Accounts 2023 (a)

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

4. Reconciliations to alternative performance measures continued
Adjusted earnings per share

Adjusted sarnings per share ("EPS") is calculated by dividing the adjusted profit after tax. for the year attributable to ordinary shareholders
by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year. Adjusted diluted EPS is calculated by dividing adjusted
profit after tax by number of shares as above, adjusted for the impact of potentially dilutive ordinary shares. Potentially dilutive ordinary
shares are only treated as dilutive when their conversion to ordinary shares would decrease EPS (or increase loss per share). Refer to
note 11 for further detail.

FY 23 FY 22
Adjusted EPS (p) : 29.27 21.46
Adjusted diluted EPS (p) 27.37 20.23

Reconciliation of adjusted administration expenses .

To express them an the same haaia as the APMs described above, adjusted administration expenses are Stated hefore aclusting items,
depreciation and amortisation of capitalised development costs and are used by the Board to monitor the underlying administration
expenses of the business in calculating adjusted EBITDA.

FY 23 FY 22

Note £'000 £'000

Administration expenses 51,723 41,582
Adjusting items (15,827) (14,382)
Depreciation charge 714 (1,933) (1,155)
Amortisation of capitalised development costs 12 (186) (556)
Adjusted administration expenses 33,777 25,489

Adjusted cash generated from operating ac
Acjustecl cash generated from operating antivities excludes any employmentlinked acquisition payments and associated secial seriwity
taxes, as well as other acquisition costs paid in the year, treated as operating cash flows under IFRS, to reflect the Group's underlying
operating cash flows, exclusive of cash payments relating to acquisitions.

s

FY 23 FY 22
£000 £7000
Net cash generated from operating activities 30,590 33,507
Employment-linked acquisition payments® . 1,981 1,848
Acquisition costs 331 683
Adjusted cash generated from operating activities 32,902 36,038

Adjusted cash conversion
Cash conversion is stated as net cash generated from operating activities expressed as a percentage of operating profit.

Adjusted cash conversion is stated as adjusted cash generated from operating activities expressed as a percentage of adjusted
‘operating profit.

FY 23 FY 22
Cash conversion 107% 189%
Adjusted cash conversion 74% 112%

Organic net fee income growth

Organic net fee income growth excludes net fee income from acquisitions in the 12 months following acquisition. Net fee income from
any acquisition made in the period is excluded from organic growth. For acquisitions made part way through the comparative period,
the current period's net fee income contribution is reduced to include only net fee income for the period following the acquisition
anniversary, in order to compare organic growth on a like-for-like basis.

Organic net fee income growth of 39.6% (FY 22: 31.3%) for the current period represents FY 23 net fee income less £6.9m net fee
income attributable to Lionpoint, treated as inorganic as the portion of net fee income preceded the acquisition anniversary.

32 OI the £22.6m total deterred and contingent acquisition payments in the year as set out in note 13, £1.8m is classified as employment linked and is included within net cash generated
from operating activities. The associated social security payments of £0.2m are also included within net cash generated from operating activites.

alphafme.com


===== page 110 =====
(a) Annual Report & Accounts 2023 107

Constant currency growth
The Group operates in multiple jurisdictions and generates revenues and profits in various currencies. Those results are translated

‘on consolidation at the foreign exchange rates prevailing in that period. These exchange rates vary from year to year, so the Group
Presents some of its results on a “constant currency” basis. This means that the current year's results have been retranslated using
the average exchainge rates from the prior year to allow for comparison of year-on-year results, eliminating the effects of volatility in
exchange rates.

Currency translation had a noticeable impact on both net fee income and gross profit in the year, as a result of a weakening British
pound sterling through the year against both the US dollar and against the euro. In the year, British pound sterling averaged $1.21
(FY 22: $1.37) and €1.16 (FY 22: €1.18).

On aconstant currency basis, Group net fee income would be £214.8m which is growth of 36.1% overall. Similarly, North America net
fee income would be £80.6m and Europe & APAC would be £47.1m which would be growth of 71.7% and 21.3% respectively.

On a similar basis the Group's gross profit would have been £76.4m and would have grown 28.7% on a constant currency basis.

5. Staff costs
The average number of employees employed by the Group, where “employees” includes Executive Directors but excludes contractors, was:

FY 23 FY 22
Number Number
UK 320 244
North America 272 170
Europe & APAC 210 162
Administration 107 70
Average number of employees in the year 909 646
Total staff costs included in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income were:
FY 23 FY 22
£000 £000
Wages, salaries and short-term benefits 119,432 79,395
Social security costs 11,144 8,431
Pension costs . 2,791 1,519
‘Share-based payment charge 7,950 6,218
Total staff costs for the year 141,317 95,563
Staff costs in relation to key management personnel, as defined in note 25, were:
FY 23 FY 22
£'000 £000
Wages, salaries and short-term benefits 3,468 3,913
Social security costs 504 640
Pension costs 105, 54
Share-based payment charge 2,991 2,543
Total staff costs for key management personnel for the year 7,068 7,150

alphafme.com

syuawieyeys jeioueuly


===== page 111 =====
108 Annual Report & Accounts 2023 (a)

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

6. Finance income and expenses

FY 23 FY 22
Note £000 £'000
Bank interest receivable 364 1
‘Total finance income 364 1
Interest and fees payable on bank loans (596) (296)
Interest on lease liabilities 7 (216) (111)
Total underlying finance expenses : (812) (407)
Non-underlying finance expenses 13 (2,417) (2,487)
Total finance expenses (3,229) (2,894)
Net underlying finance expenses 4 (448) (406)
Net finance expenses (2,865) (2,893)

As at 31 March 2023, the Group held one principal bank facility comprising a £20.0m undrawn committed RCF with Lloyds Bank ple
with a tenor to June 2024. The Group has utilised up to £12.5m of the facility, drawn down occasionally through the year to meet
short-term liquidity requirements. The facility was undrawn as at 31 March 2023, and the Group remains in a strong cash position of
£69.2m. After the reporting period, the Group has extended the facility to June 2026 and increased the committed amount to £50.0m;
refer to note 27 for more information.

7. Leases
Right-of-use assets
Equipment
Buildings under lease Total
£'000 £000 £'000

Net book value
As at 1 April 2022 2,301 3 2,304
Additions 2,671 - 2,671
Effect of modification to lease terms 209 - 209
Depreciation charge (1,386) @) (1,389)
Foreign exchange adjustments 213 a 213
As at 31 March 2023 4,008 - 4,008

During the year the Group had £2.7m (FY 22: £1.3m) of additions to right-of-use assets, primarily in relation to two significant new office
leases in the UK and Luxembourg.

Lease liabi
Asummary of the Group's undiscounted lease liabilities as at 31 March 2023 is presented below:

ies

FY 23 FY 22

£000 £'000
Due within one year 2,158 1,243
Due between one and five years 2,391 1,285
Due after five years 60 48
Total lease liabilities - undiscounted 4,609 2,576
Impact of discounting (448) (167)
Total lease liabilities - discounted 4,161 2,409

alphafme.com


===== page 112 =====
a) Annual Report & Accounts 2023. 109

Amounts recognised in the Group's consolidated statement of comprehensive income

FY 23 FY 22

£'000 £'000
Depreciation of right-of-use asset (1,389) (641)
Short-term lease expense : (1,096) (698)
Low-value lease expense - (2)
Variable service charges 64) (72)
Included in administration expenses (2,539) (1,513)
Interest expense on lease liabilities eM)
Included in finance expenses (216) a)

Total cash rental payments made in the year on all lease tenors amounted to £2.6m (FY 22: £1.5m), of which £1.5m (FY 22: £0.9m)
related to lease liabilities and £1.1m (FY 22: £0.6m) related to short-term leases.

The Group has givon considoration to any oxtonsion options and garly termination options with reasonable certainty at the date af
signing these financial statements, and these have been reflected within the lease liability where appropriate.

The Group has no material income or expenses associated with sub-leasing arrangements, sale-and-leaseback transactions, or
variable lease payments.

8. Taxation
FY 23 FY 22
£000 £'000
Current tax
In respect of the current period - UK 3,660 2,763
Foreign taxation 8,059 5,321
Adjustment in respect of prior periods (442) (168)
Deferred tax
In respect of the current period - UK (1,995) (2,241)
Foreign taxation (1,380) (671)
Change in tax rate on opening balance 8 1,186
Adjustment in respect of prior periods (100) 180
Total tax expense for the year 7,810 6,370

An increase in the UK corporation tax rate from 19% to 25% (effective 1 April 2023) was substantively enacted during the prior year on
24 May 2021. in FY 24, this change will increase the Group's current tax charge accordingly. The UK deferred tax balances as disclosed
in note 9 reflect this substantively enacted rate.

In addition to the tax expense for the year ended 31 March 2023, the Group has also recognised a total of £2.4m (FY 22: £1.4m) of tax
through equity, of which £1.5m (FY 22: £0.2m) relates to current tax on the exercise of share options in the year and £0.9m (FY 22: £1.2m)
relates to deferred tax on share options outstanding. Additionally, a £0.4m credit (FY 22: fnil) was recognised through other
comprehensive income, relating to the deferred tax impact of foreign exchange fluctuations on acquired intangible assets.

alphafme.com

syuawarers jeloueuly


===== page 113 =====
110 Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued:

8. Taxation continued

The difference between the total tax expense shown on p. 109 and the amount calculated by applying the standard rate of UK

corporation tax to the profit before tax is as follows:

FY 23 FY 22
£000 £000
Profit before taxation 25,771 14,882
Tax on profit on ordinary activities at standard UK corporation tax rate of 19% (FY 22: 19%) 4,896 2,828
Effects of:
Fixed asset differences (24) (23)
Expenses not deductible for taxation 1,252 1,078
Differences due to overseas tax rates 2,202 1,651
Adjustments in respect of prior periods — current tax (442) (168)
Adjustments in respect of prior periods - deferred tax (100) . 180
Change in deferred tax rate 26 831
Deferred tax not recognised - (7)
Total tax expense for the year 7,810 6,370

Expenses not deductible for taxation relate mainly to employment-linked acquisition consideration, associated discount unwinding and
other acquisition-retated costs, treated as capital for tax purposes.

9. Deferred tax
Movements in deferred tax
As at 31 March 2023

Impact of
foreign
exchange Recognised Recognised
1 April 2022 revaluation in income inequity 31 March 2023
£000 £7000 £'000 £'000 £'000
Accelerated capital allowances 110 - 18 - 128
Short-term timing differences (690) 53 (1,381) - (2,018)
Share options 3,213) - (1,218) (870) (6,298)
-Arising on business combinations 7,453 374 (889) - 6,938
Net deferred tax liability/(asset) 3,660 427 (3,467) (870) (250)
As at 31 March 2022
Recognised Recognised
1 April 2021 combinations in income inequity 31 March 2022
£'000 £'000 £'000 £000 £'000
Accelerated capital allowances 22 7 - 88 - 110
Short-term timing differences (11) - (679) - (690)
Share options (1,201) - (773) (1,239) (3,213)
Arising on business combinations 4,212 3,423 (182) - 7,453
Net deferred tax liability 3,022 3,423 (1,546) (1,239) 3,660

Deferred tax assets recognised within these consolidated financial statements represent the future tax effect of share-based payment

charges in respect of awards that have yet to vest. Deductions in excess of the cumulative share-based payment charge recognised in
the consolidated statement of comprehensive income are recognised in equity. Other deferred tax assets recognised primarily relate to
timing differences on deductions for tax purposes and as such there is no restriction on recoverability.

Deferred tax liabilities represent the future tax impact arising from temporary timing differences between accounting and tax treatments
including from the initial recognition of acquired intangible assets and changes in tax rates as the liability is settled. The closing deferred
tax liability arising on business combinations reflects the tax effect of these temporary differences at 31 March 2023.

alphafmc.com


===== page 114 =====
{a} Annual Report & Accounts 2023111

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset where there is a legally enforceable right to do so and when the deferred taxes relate to the
same fiscal authority. The below table sets out the deferred tax asset and the net deferred tax liability, as presented in the consolidated

statement of financial position:

FY 23 FY 22

£'000 £'000
Deferred tax liabilities 2,783 4,331
Deferred tax assets (3,033) (671)
Net deferred tax (asset)/liability (250) 3,660
10. Dividends
Amounts recognised as distributions to equity holders

FY 23 FY 22

£'000 £7000
Final dividend for the year ended 31 March 2022 of 7.50p (FY 21: 4.85p) per share 8,547 5,431
Interim dividend for the year ended 31 March 2023 of 3.70p (FY 22: 2.90p) per share 4,227 3,247
Total dividends paid in the year 12,774 8,678

After the balance sheet date, the Directors proposed a final dividend of 10.50p per ordinary share, totalling approximately £12.4m based
‘on the estimated eligible shares in issue at the payment date. The proposed final FY 23 dividend is subject to approval by shareholders
at the AGM and has, therefore, not been included as a liability in these consolidated financial statements. Subject to approval, the

dividend will be paid on 19 September 2023 to shareholders on the register at close of business on 8 September 2023.

11. Earnings per share and adjusted earnings per share

The Group presents basic and diluted earnings per share ("EPS") on both a statutory and adjusted basis. Basic EPS is calculated
by dividing the profit or loss for the year attributable to ordinary shareholders by the weighted average number of ordinary shares
outstanding during the year. In the calculation of diluted EPS the Group applies the treasury share method to include the impact of
potentially dilutive shares arising from the Group's share option plans. For further detail on the Group's accounting policy see note 1.

In order to reconcile to the adjusted profit for the financia! year, the same adjustments as set out in note 4 have been made to the
Group's profit for the financial year. The profits and weighted average number of shares used in the calculations are set out below:

Note FY 23 FY 22
Basic and diluted EPS
Profit for the financial year used in calculating basic and diluted EPS (£’000) 17,981 8,512
Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue ('000) 113,531 110,689
Number of dilutive shares ('000) 7,883 6,748
Weighted average number of ordinary shares, including dilutive shares ('000) 121,414 117,437
Basic EPS (p) 15.82 7.69
Diluted EPS (p) 14.79 7.25
Adjusted EPS and adjusted diluted EPS
Adjusted profit for the financial year used in calculating adjusted basic and diluted EPS (£’000) 4 33,229 23,757
Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue ('000) 113,531 110,689,
Number of dilutive shares ('000) 7,883 6,748
Weighted average number of ordinary shares, including dilutive shares ('000) 121,414 117,437
Adjusted EPS (p) 29.27 21.46
Adjusted diluted EPS (p) 27.37 20.23

alphafme.com

syuewiajeis jeloueuly


===== page 115 =====
112. Annual Report & Accounts 2023 0

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

12. Goodwill and intangible fixed assets

Goodwill

FY 23 FY 22
Movements in the year Note £'000 £7000
Cost at beginning of the year 100,991 63,067
Additions 13 - 36,038
Gains from foreign exchange 2,685 1,886
Cost at end of the year 103,676 100,991

Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the Group’s share of the net identifiable assets of
the acquired subsidiary at the date of acquisition. Goodwill is represented by assets that do not qualify for separate recognition and
includes the potential synergy benefits of combining the intellectual property and talents of the teams into the Group. In line with
IAS 21 para 47, goodwill arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation is held in local currency and is retranslated into the Group's
presentational currency at each reporting date using the closing foreign exchange rate.

In prior years, goodwill was recognised upon the acquisitions of Alpha FMC Group Holdings Ltd in February 2016, TrackTwo GmbH
in July 2017, Obsidian Solutions Ltd in November 2019, Axxsys Ltd in June 2019 and Lionpoint Holdings, Inc. in May 2021.

In line with IAS 36 para 96, the carrying value of goodwill is not subject to systematic amortisation but is reviewed at least annually for
impairment. The review assesses each group of CGUs to which goodwill has been allocated for impairment by comparing the carrying
value of the units, including the goodwill, with the recoverable amount of the units. The carrying values of goodwill have been assessed
by reference to value in use. These have been estimated using cash flows from forecasts prepared by management around the balance
sheet date.

‘The CGUs have been grouped in line with the Group's operating segments as this is the level at which goodwill is monitored by
management. Therefore, the groups of CGUs considered for impairment testing are UK, North America and Europe & APAC.

FY 23 FY 22
Allocation of goodwill £000 £'000
UK 52,082 52,082
North America 32,626 30,703
Europe & APAC 18,968 18,206
At end of the year . 103,676 100,991

Key assumptions - impairment testing

The principal assumptions considered to be individually significant for the purposes of calculating the value in use for each CGU include
the assumed underlying trading used to estimate the future CGU cash flows, taking into account future CGU growth rates and margins,
and the pre-tax discount rate used to convert these estimated cash flows to present value.

In all cases, the budget for the following financial year forms the basis for the cash-flow projections for a CGU. These near-term FY 24
budget assumptions were sensitised to account for the inherent uncertainty associated with forward-looking cash-flow projections.

The cash-flow projections for the four years subsequent to the budget year reflect the Directors’ expectations of the medium-term.
operating performance of the CGU and the growth prospects in the CGU's market, reflecting a range of factors relevant to the specific
circumstances of each CGU. Underlying revenue growth assumptions for the period FY 25 to FY 28 range from an average annual
growth of 5.5% to 11.5% over the medium term and are assessed on a period-by-period basis reflecting market conditions. They
include the relative size of each CGU and the maturity level of operations in the territory in the determination of the future estimated cash
flows for value in use.

Thereafter, a perpetuity long-term growth rate is applied ranging between 0.8% and 1.6% depending on the CGU, based on longer-term
economic outlooks of those economies and the Directors’ longer-term assessment of the prospects of those businesses.

To discount these cash flows to present value, CGU-specific pre-tax discount rates have been applied to reflect the market assessment
of the time value of money and the specific risk profile of each CGU, including consideration of the relative size of each CGU, the
maturity level of operations in the territory and local market risk metrics. The Group bases its estimate for the pre-tax discount rate

on its weighted average cost of capital. The weighted average pre-tax discount rate for the Group was determined to be 14.7%

(FY 22: 12.8%). CGU-specific discount rates have been applied to reflect CGU-specific risks.

The Group has considered associated costs of climate change and decarbonisation when forecasting future cash flows.

alphafme.com


===== page 116 =====
(a) Annual Report & Accounts 2023113

— — SS
The table below summarises the assumptions used for each CGU:
Pre-tax discount rate Medium-term growth rate Long-term growth rate
FY 23 FY 23 FY 23 FY 22 FY 23 FY 22
UK 14.8% 13.1% 5.5% 5.5% 0.8% 1.0%
North America 15.3% 13.4% 11.5% 11.5% 1.6% 1.6%
Europe & APAC. 12.8% 11.7% 71% 71% 1.4% 1.5%

Sensitivity
Tho Group has oonsiderod a rango of factore on tho valuo in uco ostimato for each CGU.

In assessing goodwill impairment review, discount rates applied would have to increase to between 33.2% and 49.0% dependent on
the CGU to result in value in use headroom falling to nil for any CGU. The Directors consider that no reasonably possible change to
the long-term growth rates could result in impairment of goodwill for any CGU given the assumptions, summarised in the table above.

Management docs not expect a material chango to the discount rato in any of its CGUs as presented for the year ended 31.March 2023.
‘Aa such, in ordor to address inherent uncortainty surrounding forward-looking cash-flow assumptions, the Group has applied sensitivity
analysis to identify tho point to which growth would havo to fall in order to reduce headroom to nil. As such, the assumed medium-term
growth rate for the period from FY 25 to FY 28 would need to reduce to between (21. 2%) and (31.3%), depending on the CGU, for the
value in use headroom to fall to nil.

The Directors have considered whether a reasonably possible change in the assumptions would erode the headroom or give rise to
‘a material adjustment to any carrying valuo in the next 12 months. The Directors do not consider that a reasonably possible change
in assumptions could result in a reduction in headroom to nil for any CGU.

Intangible fixed assets
As at 31 March 2023

Capitalised
Order Customer —_ intellectual Trade development
backlog relationships property name costs Total
£'000 £'000 £'000 £'000 £000 £'000
Cost
At the start of the year 2,192 35,652 3,388 8,982 1,819 52,033
Additions 319 - - - - 319
Exchange difference 69 553 - 138 - 760
At the end of the year — total 2,580 36,205 3,388 9,120 1,819 — 53,112
Amortisation
At the start of the year (2,072) (12,083) (2,141) (2,771) (1,633) (20,700)
Charge for the year (468) (3,044) (461) (603) (186) (4,762)
Exchange difference (40) (18) - 4 - (62)
At the end of the year — total (2,580) (15,145) (2,602) (3,378) (1,819) (25,524)
Net book value > 21,060 786 5,742 - 27,588

alphafme.com

syuauiayers jeloueuly


===== page 117 =====
114 Annual Report & Accounts 2023 (a)

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

12. Goodwill and intangible fixed assets continued
Asat 31 March 2022

Capitalised
Order Customer Intellectual ‘Trade development
backlog _relationships property name costs Total
£'000 £000 £7000 _ £7000 £000 £'000
Cost
At the start of the year 1,308 24,279 3,388 6,232 1,819 37,026
Additions 829 10,752 - 2,602 - 14,183
Exchange difference 55 621 - 148 - 824
At the end of the year - total 2,192 35,652 3,388 8,982 1,819 52,033
Amortisation
At the start of the year (1,218) (8,231) (1,645) (2,206) (1,078) (15,378)
Charge for the year (831) (2,828) (496) (661) (656) (6,272)
Exchange difference (23) (24) - (4) 1 (60)
At the end of the year - total (2,072) (12,083) (2,141) (2,771) (1,633) (20,700)
Net book value 120 23,569 1,247 6,211 186 31,333

Customer relationships

Customer relationships at the start of the year represent the total of the fair value at the acquisition dates of the customer relationships
that were owned by, but not previously recognised as assets of, Alpha FMC Group Holdings Lid in FY 16, TrackTwo GmbH in FY 18,
Obsidian Solutions Ltd and Axxsys Ltd in FY 20, and Lionpoint Holdings, Inc. in FY 22.

The fair value has been determined by applying the multi-period excess earnings method to the cash flows expected to be earned from
customer relationships. The key management assumptions are around forecast revenues, operating margins and discount factors.

The value is given by the present value of the earnings the customer relationships generate, net of a reasonable return on other assets
also contributing to that stream of earnings (contributory asset charges).

Auseful economic life of 11-17 years has been deemed appropriate based on the average realisation rate of cumulative cash flows and
benchmarked data for each respective acquisition. Projected cash flows have been discounted over this period. The amortisation
charge is recognised in administration expenses within the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

Intellectual property

Intellectual property at the start of the year represents the fair value at the 3 February 2016 acquisition date of the intellectual property
which was owned by, but not previously recognised as assets of, Alpha FMC Group Holdings Ltd, intellectual property acquired as part
of the TrackTwo GmbH acauisition in FY 18, and those acquired on the acquisition of Axxsys Ltd and Obsidian Solutions Ltd in FY 20.

The fair value has been determined by applying the relief from royalty method to the cash flows earned from the intellectual property.
Tha key management assiimptinns are around growth forecasts, discount factors and royalty porcontago utilisod. A useful economic life
of seven years has been deemed appropriate based on previous acquisitions and benchmarking data. Projected cash flows have been
discounted over this period. The amortisation charge is recognised in administration expenses within the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income.

alphafme.com


===== page 118 =====
(a) Annual Report & Accounts 2023115

Trade name

Trado name intangible assets at the start of tho yoar roprosont tho fair valuo at the 3 February 2016 acquisition date of the trade name,
which was owned by, but not proviously recognisod as ascots of, Alpha FMC Group Holdings Ltd, and those acquired on the acquisition
of Axxsys Ltd and Obsidian Solutions Ltd in FY 20 and Lionpoint Holdings, Inc. in FY 22.

Tho fair value has boon dotorminod by applying the roliof from royalty method to the cash flows earned from the trade name. The key
managomont assumptions aro around growth forocasts, discount factors and royalty percentage utilised. A useful economic life of
10 16 yoars has boon doomod appropriate baced on previous acquisitions and benchmarking data. Projected cash flows have been
discounted ovor this poriod. Tho amortisation chargo ic rocognised in administration oxponeos within the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income.

Order backlog

The order backlog intangible at the start of the year relates to the fair value of the order backlog acquired with Axxsys Ltd in FY 20
and Lionpoint Holdings, Inc. in FY 22. These assets were fully amortised in the year with the amortisation charge being recognised
in adminictration oxpencos within the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

Additions in the period of £0.3m relate to the purchase by the Group of several contracts from the management enterprise technology
solutions practice of CohnRoznick LLP, a leading advisory, assurance and tax firm primarily basod in tho United States. These were also
fully amortised in the year.

The remaining useful economic lives of each of the respective asset classes acquired on acquisition above are summarised in the
table below. 7

Customer _ Intellectual 3

. relationships property Trade name 2

Acquired entity (years) (years) (years) 3

Alpha FMC Group Holdings 48 = 78 @

TrackTwo GmbH 53 13 - &

Axxsys - UK 72 - n2 3

Axxsys - North America/Nordics 82 - n2  &
Obsidian Solutions 13.6 3.6 66
Lionpoint - UK 10.2 - 13.2
Lionpoint - North America 10.2 - 13.2
Lionpoint - Europe & APAC 10.2 - 13.2

Capitalised development costs

Capitalised development costs reprosent tho costs incurred in tho dovolopmont enhancements to the 360 SalosVicta software product
within Aivig. The asset was fully amortised in the year with the amortisation charge recognised in administration expenses within the
consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

alphafme.com


===== page 119 =====
116 Annual Report & Accounts 2023 (a)

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

13. Acquisition of businesses

Acquisitions in previous years

As part of the acquisition of Lionpoint Holdings, Inc. in FY 22, as well as Axxsys Ltd and Obsidian Ltd in FY 20, the Group agreed
deferred consideration payments as well as contingent earn-out arrangements which were based on the financial performance of the

respective acquired entities over an agreed period of time. An update on the activity in the year and the outstanding balance in relation
to each of these acquisitions is provided below.

Lionpoint
In the prior year, the Group acquired 100% of the issued share capital of Lionpoint Holdings, Inc. {"Lionpoint”), a provider of specialist
consultancy services to the alternative investments industry, on a cash-free, debt-free basis.

A summary of the purchase consideration, net assets acquired, identifiable intangible assets and goodwill is set out below. These fair
values were determined by using established estimation techniques such as discounted cash flow and option valuation models.

Fair value Values on

Book values adjustments acquisition

Note £'000 £000 £'000

Acquiree's net assets at the acqui

Trade name - 2,602 2,602
Order backlog - 829 829
Customer relationships - 10,752 10,752
Tangible fixed assets 53 - 53
Right-of-use assets 478 - 478
‘Trade and other receivables 4,588 - 4,588
Cash 2,148 - 2,148
Trade and other payables (2,380) - (2,380)
Provisions (291) - (291)
Lease liabilities (478) - (478)
Corporation tax liability (67) - (67)
Deferred tax liability - (3,423) (3,423)
Net identifiable assets acquired 4,051 10,760 14,811
Cash consideration relating to business combination 50,849
Goodwill on acquisition 12 36,038

The maximum payable for the acquisition (over four years) is $90.0m (£63.8m), to be settled in cash, with the option to settle a portion
of the deferred and contingent amounts in the Group's ordinary shares. Of this maximum amount payable, $7.5m (£5.3m) is
employment linked. The fair value of consideration recognised on the date of acquisition amounted to $72.3m (£50.8m), of which
$33.5m (€23.5m) was paid on completion, alongside an additional net cash payment of $2.1m (£1.4m) in relation to completion working
capital. A balancing $0.5m (£0.3m) receivable was held at 31 March 2022.

Deferred consideration of $17.0m (£12.0m) was payable across the first and second anniversaries of the acquisition and contingent
earn-out consideration up to a maximum of $32.0m (£22.6m) was payable in three instalments across FY 23 to FY 25. The FY 23 to
FY 25 earn-out consideration payments are contingent on Lionpoint meeting certain profitability targets over the earn-out period.
The fair value of future consideration payable recognised on the date of acquisition was $37.3m (£26.2m), of which $20.6m (£14.5m)
related to contingent consideration and $16.7m (£11.7m) related to deferred consideration. In the opening consolidated statement of
financial position as at 31 March 2022, the Group held a liability of £33.7m in relation to future deferred and contingent consideration
payable for this acquisition.

Employment-linked acquisition payments are expensed through the consolidated income statement proportionately until FY 26.
During the year, the Group has expensed £1.7m (FY 22: £2.8m) in relation to these employment-linked payments.

The deferred and contingent consideration is discounted to fair value. Discount unwinding is recognised as a finance cost
proportionately across the periods until final payment. During the year, £2.4m (FY 22: £2.0m) of discount unwinding was expensed
as anon-underlying finance cost in relation to the Lionpoint acquisition consideration.

In FY 23, the Group made payments of £17.3m net of a £0.4m receivable that was due back from the sellers. Of these payments, £1.5m_

relates to employment-linked consideration, and is presented within cash generated from operating activities, with the remaining £15.8m
presented within cash used in investing activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows.

alphafme.com


===== page 120 =====
(a) Annual Report & Accounts 2023117

As consideration for the acquisition of Lionpoint is payable in US dollars, foreign exchange differences are recognised at each reporting
date in relation to translating these liabilities into British pound sterling, In the period, the Group recognised a foreign exchange loss of
£2.5m in the income statement arising from acquisition-related currency movements, arising from this retranslation. However, this loss.
was mostly offset by a foreign exchange gain on US dollar cash held by the Group.

Following the strong performance of Lionpoint in FY 23 and reflective of a healthy pipeline of opportunities, the Group has reassessed
the fair value of the Lionpoint contingent consideration liability at the balance sheet date. The Group has updated its projections for the
remainder of the earn-out period and has therefore uplifted the total undiscounted expected earn-out payment from £17.7m to £20.0m,
assuming the maximum amount payable. These values are inclusive of employment-linked amounts. Additionally, at the reporting date,
the Group remeasured the discount rate applied to the expected future contingent consideration payments from 14.6% to 11.0%,
reflecting market conditions and the risk:profile of the Lionpoint business. Accordingly, a fair value adjustment has been recognised
through the Group's consolidated statement of comprehensive income, which has increased the liability by £2.3m.

As at 31 March 2023, the Group held a liability of £24.9m (FY 22: £33.7m) in relation to future deferred and contingent consideration
payable for this acquisition. Of this liability at the balance sheet date, £7.2m (FY 22: £14.0m) relates to deferred consideration and the
remaining £17.7m (FY 22: £19.7m) relates to contingent consideration. Within these deferred and contingent consideration liabilities,
£2.6m relates to employment-linked amounts.

Obsidian

As at 31 March 2022, the Obsidian earn-out liability of £1.9m reflected a balanced assessment of the Directors’ best estimate of
projected cash flows in relation to several plausible scenarios. During the year, a lower mutually agreed position was reached with
the original vendors. As a result, a fair value adjustment of £1.6m has been credited to the Group's consolidated statement of
comprehensive income in the period. A final payment of £0.3m was made in the year, none of which was employment-linked.

Axxsys
The remaining £5.0m liability due on the acquisition of Axxsys as at 31 March 2022 was paid during the year, of which £0.3m was
employment-linked.

The below table summarises the movements in the deferred and contingent consideration liabilities held at 31 March 2023:

Axxsys Obsidian Lionpoint Total
£'000 £'000 £'000 £'000
Balance as at 1 April 2022 5,000 1,898 33,748 40,646
Additions - - - -
Employment-linked consideration -. - 1,658 1,658
Payments in the year® (6,000) (314) (17,315) (22,629)
Amounts receivable deducted from payments in the period - - (350) (350)
Unwinding of discounting - - 2.417 2,417
Fair value adjustment - (1,584) 2,251 667
Foreign exchange loss - - 2,540 2,540
Balance as at 31 March 2023 - - 24,949 24,949
Represented by:
Current - - 16,027 16,027
Non-current - - 8,922 8,922
Balance as at 31 March 2023 - - 24,949 24,949

‘33 Payments in the year of £22.6m comprise £1.8m of employmer
££20.8m included within cash used in investing activities.

ced payments included within cash generated from operaling activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows and

alphafme.com

syuawiajers jeroueuly


===== page 121 =====
118 Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

14. Property, plant and equipment

Leasehold Fixtures Computer
improvements and fittings equipment Total
£000 " £'000 £°000
Cost
As at 1 April 2021 236 | 235 1,712 2,183
Acquired through business combinations ci 1 21 53
Additions - - 684 684
Disposals (29) © (123) (158)
Exchange difference 3 2 7 22
As at 31 March 2022 241 232 2311 2,784
Additions - 87 773 860
Disposals © (42) (281) (329)
Exchange difference 3 6 38 47
As at 31 March 2023 238 283 2,841 3,362
Depreciation
As at 1 April 2021 (219) (186) (1,363) (1,768)
Charge for the period 8) (16) (295) (314)
Disposals 13 6 104 123
Exchange difference (1) (1) (17) (19)
As at 31 March 2022 (210) (197) (1,571) (1,978)
Charge for the period (35) (7) (492) (544)
Disposals 6 42 256 304
Exchange difference 1 (4) (28) (31)
As at 31 March 2023 (238) (176) (1,835) (2,249)
Net book value as at 31 March 2023 - 107 1,006 1,113
Net book value as at 31 March 2022 3 35 740 806
15. Trade and other receivables
FY 23, FY 22
£'000 £000
Amounts due within one year:
Trade receivables 26,781 24,182
Less: allowance for expected credit losses* (657) (641)
Trade receivables - net 26,124 23,641
Other debtors 1,194 539
Capitalised contract fulfilment costs 1,101 1,548
Prepayments. 1,999 4,113,
Accrued income 3,710 2,728
Total amounts due within one year 34,128 29,569

‘Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and generally have a 30- to 60-day term. Due to their short maturities, the carrying amount.
of trade and other receivables is a reasonable approximation of their fair value. Trade receivables have grown in the year reflecting the

overall growth of the Group, with debtor days reducing to 43 days (FY 22: 55 days).

An expected credit loss attributable to trade receivables is established after consideration of historical loss rates in preceding periods
and relevant current circumstances. The Group has determined historical loss rates for each ageing category of trade receivables by

performing an in-depth analysis of historical losses in conjunction.with other factors in key Alpha territories.

34 The movement in the allowance for expected credit losses comprises a charge to the statement of comprehensive income of £109,000 and foreign exchange movements of £7,000,

alphafme.com


===== page 122 =====
(a) Annual Report & Accounts 2023 119

The Group has considered a number of factors in determining appropriate expected credit loss rates, including macro-economic factors
and asset-specific indicators such as customer correspondence, default or delinquency in payment and significant financial difficulties
of the customer.

Allowance for expected credit losses

Expected Gross carrying Loss Net carrying

loss rate amount allowance amount

% £'000 £'000 £'000

Not overdue 1.98% 19,295 (382) 18,913
Overdue 1-30 days 3.15% 6,652 (209) 6,443,
Overdue 31-60 days 5.01% 602 (30) 572
Overdue 61-90 days 10.82% 69 ”) 62
Overdue 90+ days 17.60% 163 (29) 134
As at 31 March 2023 26,781 (657) 26,124
Expected Gross carrying Loss Net carrying

loss rate amount allowance amount

% £000 £'000 £’000

Not overdue 1.79% 17,865 (820) 17,545
Overdue 1-30 days 2.50% 5,007 (125) 4,882
Overdue 31-60 days 4.31% 773 33) 740
Overdue 61-90 days 8.06% 303 (24) 279
Overdue 90+ days 16.58% 234 (39) 195
As at 31 March 2022 24,182 (541) 23,641

Capitalised contract fulfilment costs comprise amounts incurred in relation to unsatisfied performance obligations on fixed-fee milestone
projects, and non-distinct software implementation costs incurred in advance of the commencement of the client's licence period on
Aivig contracts. As at 31 March 2023, total capitalised contract fulfilment costs were £1.2m (FY 22: £1.7m), of which £0.1m (FY 22: £0.1m)
was presented within non-current assets on the face of the consolidated statement of financial position. These costs are recognised in
the consolidated statement of comprehensive income at the point of revenue recognition for fixed-fee milestone projects or are amortised
to the consolidated income statement over the licence period for non-distinct software implementation costs. An expense of £1.5m has
been recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income in relation to capitalised contract fulfilment costs. No significant
judgements have been made in determining the amount of costs to be capitalised, which primarily comprise costs within scope of

IAS 19 “Employee Benefits”,

Contract receivables are recognised in accrued income and relate to satisfied performance obligations recognised and not invoiced at
the year end. All such contract receivables are expected to be realised within one year and are classified within current assets. Contract
receivables are recorded on a time spent basis and as performance obligations are met on agreed fees and day rates, billed in arrears.
These are typically short-term timing differences that are administration in nature at each reporting date. Contract receivable payments
are due on standard terms once the invoices are raised. The contract receivables movement in the year represents these timing
differences across respective contract deliverables at each year end.

The expected credit loss calculated on accrued income was not material at the current or prior year ends. For analysis of the exposure
to credit risk at 31 March 2023, refer to note 23.

16. Cash and cash equivalents

FY 23 FY 22
£000 £000
Cash at bank 59,215, 63,516
Cash and cash equivalents 59,215, 63,516

All cash and cash equivalents held by the Group are available for use by the Group with no restrictions..

alphafme.com

sjuawayeys jeroueuly


===== page 123 =====
120 Annual Report & Accounts 2023 (a)

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

17. Trade and other payables

FY 23 FY 22

Note £000 £000

Trade payables 5,156 5114
Accruals 29,880 23,898
Deferred income 796 1,865
Social security tax on share options 22 1,669 1,050
Taxation and social security 4,734 2,964
Other creditors 2,277 1,280
Earn-out and deferred consideration 13, 16,027 20,500
Total amounts owed within one year 60,539 56,671

Trade payables comprise amounts outstanding for trade purchases and ongoing costs. The Directors consider that the carrying amount
of trade and other payables is a reasonable approximation of their fair value. The Group's trade payables payment policy is to provide
payment within the agreed terms, which is generally 30 days from the date of receipt of invoice.

The majority of the accruals balance is the profit share bonus accrual, which has increased in the year, reflecting the enlarged team size,
the strong performance of the Group and the timing of some payments.

€arn-out and deferred consideration relates to the second deferred and contingent earn-out payments in relation to the acquisition
of Lionpoint. Refer to note 13 for further detail.

Deferred income recognises contract liabilities arising from the Group's revenue-generating activities relating to payments received in
advance of performance delivered under a contract. These contract liabilities typically arise on short-term timing differences between
performance obligations in some milestone or fixed-fee contracts and their respective contracted payment schedules, The contract
liability movement in the year represents these timing differences across contracts at each year end. The following table sets out the
revenue recognised in the current year that relates to carry-forward contract liabilities, and the current and non-current liabilities
recognised in the current year that have been deferred to future reporting periods. All current deferred income is expected to be
recognised through revenue within one year. Movements in the year predominantly relate to the underlying operations of the business,
and no material contract liabilities were recognised in relation to changes in estimates or contract modifications. There were no contract
modifications in the year that resulted in the recognition of revenue from performance obligations satisfied in previous periods.

Restated™
FY 23 FY 22
Note £000 £’000
Contract liabilities at the start of the year 17,19 2,098 1,996
Foreign exchange movements 104 "1
Contract liabilities recognised in revenue during the year (1,969) (1,692)
Acquired through a business combination : - 34
Increase in contract liabilities during the year 776 1,689
Balance at the end of the year 1719 1,009 2,098

Unperformed balances shown in the table below represent the revenue that the Group will earn from customers when the Group
satisfies the remaining performance obligations in certain contracts. These mainly relate to Aiviq’s multi-year contracts that range
between one and ten years, in which software access revenue is recognised over the access period.

The following table sets out the aggregate amount of the contracted transaction price allocated to performance obligations that are
unsatisfied or partially satisfied at the year-end date. Unperformed balances relating to contracts with an expected original life of less
than one year are not disclosed. Similarly, the Group has adopted the practical expedient not to disclose amounts under longer-term
contracts in which the revenue is to be invoiced on agreed day rates. Revenue from unperformed performance obligations is expected
to be recognised in the following timeframes.

FY 23 FY 22

£000 £'000

To be undertaken and recognised within one year 1,373 1178
To be undertaken and recognised between one and three years 2,257 1,674
To be undertaken and recognised after three years 1,614 918
Total unperformed performance obligations 5,244 3,770

35 FY 22 reconciliation of deferred income has been restated to include the non-current portion of deferred income. This has resulted in £0.2m of additional deterred Income being disclosed
for FY 22. This restatement is presentational and has no impact on the consolidated statement of financial position or consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

alphafme.com


===== page 124 =====
(a) Annual Report & Accounts 2023. 121

18. Provisions

Legal and

tax provisions other provisions Total

£'000 gt £'000

Balance as at 1 April 2022 2,590 687 3,277
Utilised - (138) (138)
Released - (100) (100)
Additional provisions 219 - 219
Foreign exchange movements 67 1 68
Balance as at 31 March 2023 2,876 450 3,326

Within social security tax provisions is a £1.4m (FY 22: £1.4m) provision relating to historical pre-AIM admission potential tax treatments.
An additional amount of £1.5m (FY 22: £1.2m) is included relating to further potential social security tax exposures and the balance
increased in the year following reviewing and updating the input assumptions. The amount and timing of these social security tax
provicions aro cubjoct to uncortainty. A final position agroed with a tax authority or through the expiry of a tax audil period could differ
from the estimated provision. Currently there are no ongoing tax audits.

Legal and other provisions comprise £0.3m (FY 22: £0.3m) of dilapidation provisions in respect of the Group's leased offices and £0.2m
(FY 22: £0.4m) relating to ongoing legal claims.-The movements in the year reflect satisfactory conclusions to certain matters. The balance
of legal and other provisions at 31 March 2023 represents the most probable outcome of these claims at the balance sheet date.

Given the uncertainty, a range of outcomes is possible in relation to these provisions. The Directors consider the cash outflows in
rolation to rocognicod provisions could reasonably range between £1.2m and £6.4m. The carrying valuié of the provisions disclused
above is a reasonable approximation of their fair value.

19. Other non-current liabi

FY 23 FY 22

Note £'000 £'000

Earn-out and deferred consideration 13 8,922 20,146
Deferred income 213 233
Social security tax on share options 22 1,640 1,953
Other non-current liabilities 625 2,768
Total amounts owed after one year 11,400 25,100

Earn-out and deferred consideration relates to future deferred and contingent earn-out payments to be made for the acquisition
of Lionpoint. Given the passage of timo, tho second doforred and contingent consideration payments now fall due wilhin 12 turlls
from the balance sheet date. Refer to note 13 for further detail.

Deferred income recognises contract liabilities arising from the Group's revenue-generating activities relating to payments received
in advance of porformanco doliverod undor.a contract. Doferred income recognised as non-current entirely relates to, contracts held
within the Aiviq bucinoss, where revenuo is sometimes recognised over a contractual licence period of greater thar one year.

For further details refer to note 17.

Other non-current liabilities decreased in the year as the remaining deferred element of FY 22 bonuses for certain directors and senior
management globally now falls due within 12 months from the reporting date,. partially offset by FY 23 bonuses awarded in the year,
payable in summer 2024.

alphafme.com

syuawezeys jelnueuly


===== page 125 =====
122 Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

20. Note to the cash flow statement

Non-cash changes

Lease
accounting
1 April additions and Other Foreign 31 March
2022 Cashflow modifications changes exchange 2023
£000 £7000 £'000 £7000 £'000 £'000
Cash and cash equivalents 63,516 (7,323) - - 3,022 $9,215,
Bank borrowings - - - - - -
Net cash 63,516 (7,323) - - 3,022 59,215
Less: cash and cash equivalents (63,516) 7,323 - - (3,022) (69,215)
Leases (2,409) 1,531 (2,854) (216) (213) (4,161)
Interest and bank loan fees - 482 - (482) > -
Liabilities arising from financing (2,409) 2,013 (2,854) (698) (213) (4,161)
Non-cash changes
Lease
accounting
1 April Acquisition additions and Other Foreign 31 March
2021 Cash flow of subsidiary _ modifications changes exchange 2022
£000 £°000 £'000 £000 £000 £000 £°000
Cash and cash equivalents 34,012 26,836 2,148 - - 520 63,516
Bank borrowings - - - - - - -
Net cash 34,012 26,836 2,148 - - 520 63,516
Less: cash and cash
equivalents (34,012) (26,836) (2,148) - - (20) (63,516)
Leases (1,893) 925 (478) (827) (1) (25) (2,409)
Interest and bank loan fees (82) 285 - - (233) 7 -
Liabilities arising
from financing (1,945) 1,210 (478) (827) (344) (25) (2,409)
21. Called up share capital
° FY 23 FY 22
Number Number
Allotted, called up and fully paid
Ordinary 0.075p shares (1 vote per share) 120,509,736 118,707,336
FY 23 FY 22
£ £
Allotted, called up and fully paid
Ordinary 0.075p shares (1 vote per share) 90,382 89,031
Movements in share capital during the year ended 31 March 2023:
£
Balance as at 1 April 2022 89,031
118,707,336 ordinary shares of 0.075p each
Issued shares @ 1,351
Balance as at 31 March 2023 90,382

120,509,736 ordinary shares of 0.075p each

(i) During the year, a total of 1,800,000 ordinary shares were issued by the Group, all of which were issued to the employee benefit
trust ("EBT") for future satisfaction of share incentive plans. A further 2,400 ordinary shares were issued by the Group, to satisfy

exercises under the employee incentive plan ("EIP").

36 The FY 22 comparative has been re-prasented to show the split between lease accounting additions and modifications from the discount unwinding associated with teases.

alphafme.com


===== page 126 =====
(a) Annual Report & Accounts 2023 123

Alpha employee benefit trust

The Group held 6,274,380 (FY 22: 6,216,501) shares in the employee benefit trust (“EBT”) comprising shares held to satisfy share
options granted undor its joint sharo ownarchip plan ("JSOP") or unallocatod ordinary shares to satisfy share options granted tinder
the Group's other share option plans. The EBT has waived all dividend and voting rights in respect of these shares.

During the year, 1,800,000 ordinary shares were transferred by the Company to the EBT for potential future satisfaction of share
incontive plans, either through tho issuanco of new shares or tho transfer of shares bought back from prior employees at nominal value.
Further, the EBT purchased 266,922 shares in the year at market value for £1.1m, which was funded by the Group and is accounted for
as a deduction from other reserves.

In the year, 2,009,043 shares held in the EBT were utilised for employee share option exercises.

Treasury shares
The Group held nil (FY 22: nil) shares in treasury.

22. Share-based payments

Tho Group has adopted a globally concictont share incentive plan approach, which is implemented using efficient jurisdiction specific
plans, as appropriate.

The management incentive plan
The Group has a management incentive plan ("MIP") to retain and incentivise directors and senior management. The MIP consists of
four parts: part A of which will onablo tho granting of ontorpriso managomont incentive and non-tax. advantaged options te acquire
shares; part B of which will enable the awarding of JSOPs; part C of which will enable the awarding of restricted stock units ("RSUs”)
for participants in the US; and part D of which will onablo tho awarding of RSUc in Franco {togothor the “options").

In prior periods, the majority of options granted to certain directors and senior management of the Group were subject to the fulfilment
of three or more of the following performance conditions: (a) the Group achieving adjusted EPS growth of 15.0% or more to trigger a
maximum award, or 10.0% to trigger a 66% award, with a linear application of awards between these levels; (b) the Group achieving a
TER ovor throo yoare in oxcoss of tho moan total charoholder return ("TSR") dolivered by a peer group of comparable companies; (c)
personal adhorencs to corporato valuos and risk policy; and (d) cpocific bucinoss unit EBITDA, or othor porconal targots and goals. In FY 21,
in response to COVID-19, options granted were subject to more flexible performance criteria, including local budget targets and a
variety of stretching personal sales or other targets. In TY 22, the performance conditions of options granted in that year returned to
the previous award criteria.

Ao disclosod last yoar, the Romunoration Committoo approved porformanco conditions for FY 23 awards, which furthor modified tho
adjustod EPS growth rango set out abovo to roflect the growth of tho Group cinco AIM admicsion. Tho criteria for thoce sharo incontive
awards to certain diroctors and sonior managomont of tho Group, doponding on tho individual and their role, include; (a) the Group
achieving adjusted EPS growth of 11.25% or more to trigger a maximum award, or 7.5% to trigger a 66% award, with a linear application
of awards betweon those levels; (b) personal adhoronco te corporato valuos and risk policy; and (c) specific businees unit EBITDA, or
other personal targets and goals.

Some of those share incontive awards also contain a market condition roquiring tho Group to achieve a TSR over three years in axcass
of the mean TSR dolivorod by a poor group of comparable companios.

MIP awards have either nominal or minimal exercise price payable in order to acquire shares pursuant to options. MIP awards have
either three- or four ycar vesting periods from the date of grant and can bo equity settled only.

The employee incentive plan

In addition to the MIP, the Board has previously put in place a medium-term employee incentive plan (“EIP"). Under the EIP, a broad
baso of tho Group’s omployoos has boon granted sharo options or share awards over a small number of shares. The EIP is structured
as io most appropriato under the local tax, !ogal and regulatory rulos in tho koy jurisdictions and thorofore varios botwoon those
jurisdictions. No EIP awards were made in the current or prior years.

During the year ended 31 March 2023, a total of 3,153,014 share option and award grants were made to employees and senior
management (FY 22: 2,959,429). The weighted average of the estimated fair values of these options awarded in the year is £3.14
per share (FY 22: £2.68).

During the year 2,191,024 MIP and EIP awards vested following the satisfaction of performance conditions. The performance conditions
relating to EPS growth and total shareholder return exceeding a basket of comparable companies over three years to the vesting date
were met in full and the relevant local regional or individual budgetary performance conditions were met in full or part. Of these vested
awards, 1,853,088 have been exercised, with a further 158,355 awards that vested in previous periods also exercised in the year. Of these
lutal 2,108,886 uptivnis exercised, the Group seltled 2,011,443 villier Ihrough the issuance of new shares, or shares trarisferred from the

alphafme.com

ueuty

Sjuawa}eys |e:


===== page 127 =====
124 Annual Report & Accounts 2023 0

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

22. Share-based payments continued

Group's EBT with a further 97,443 options retained for net tax settlement. The weighted average share price at the date of these
exercises was £4.27.

During the year, 552,467 share options were forfeited under performance conditions or as a result of leavers before vesting.

Of the 276,306 share options exercisable at the year end, 240,493 share options vested in the year. The remaining vested award holders
have a further six-year to seven-year period, from the date of vesting, in which to exercise their vested awards.

Details of the share option awards made are as follows:

FY 23

Number of

share options

Outstanding at the beginning of the year 9,504,379
Granted during the year 3,153,014
Exercised during the year (2,108,886)
Forfeited during the year (552,467)
Expired during the year -
Outstanding at the year end 9,996,040
Exercisable at the year end 276,306

The weighted average exercise price for all options outstanding in both the current and prior years was nominal. The options
outstanding as at 31 March 2023 had a weighted average remaining contractual life of 1.7 years.

During the year ended 31 March 2023, options were granted in July 2022 and January 2023 to employees and certain senior management.

MIP share options with an external market condition were valued at award using the Monte Carlo option pricing model. The model
simulates a variety of possible results, across 10,000 iterations for each of the options, by substituting a range of values for any factor
that has inherent uncertainty over a number of scenarios using a different set of random values from the probability functions. The
model takes any market-based performance conditions into account and adjusts the fair vaiue of the options based on the likelihood
of meeting the stated vesting conditions.

MIP share options without external market conditions and EIP share options were valued at award using a Black-Scholes model.

The inputs to these models in the period were as follows:

FY 23
Weighted average share price at grant date £3.99
Exercise price Nominal
Volatility . 20.10%
Weighted average share option life 4years
Risk-free rate 1.65%
Expected dividend yield 3.00%

Expected volatility was determined by calculating the historical volatility of the market in which the Group operates. The expected
expense calculated in the model has been adjusted, based on management's best estimate, for the effects of non-market-based
performance conditions and employes attrition.

The Group recognised a total expense of £8.0m (FY 22: £6.2m) in the current year, comprising £7.0m (FY 22: £4.1m) in relation to
equity-settled share-based payments, and £1.0m (FY 22: £2.1m) relating to relevant social security taxes. As disclosed on p. 76
of the Remuneration Committee report, Euan Fraser stepped down from the role of Chief Executive Officer and from the Board
on 31 March 2023 and, as announced, remains with the Group as a strategic adviser on a part-time basis. This has resulted in an
acceleration of the share-based payment charge in relation to Euan’s share options, as all employment-linked conditions attached
to these share options have been removed.

Given the estimation, were the future conditions for all outstanding share options acoumod to bo mot at tho ond of the reporting period,
the charge in the year would increase by £0.8m.

alphafme.com


===== page 128 =====
a) : Annual Report & Accounts 2023 125

Tho combined carrying valuo of ourront and non-current liabilitios rolating to secial cecurity tax on share options as at 31 March 2023
is £3.3m (FY 22: £3.01n). A £1.01 charge was reoynised in the consolidated staternent of cornprehensive income in the year, uffyel
by £0.7m of payments. Assumptions acsociated with tho calculation of tho cocial cocurity tax liability duo on vocting of share options
includo an ostimation of the forward-looking charo price at tho voting dato bacod on applicablo analyst research and applicable future
tax ratos: For these purposos, tho share price is updated at oach roporting poriod to rofloct hictorical levels, and is accumod to grow in
ling with the estimated future performance of the business. If le estimated fulure share price growth assumption were lo double, the
social cocurity costc in tho poriod could incroase by £0.3m. Woro tho charo price to remain flat tho charge would roduce by £0.3m.

23. Financial instruments
Carrying amount of financial instruments
The carrying amounts of the financial assets and liabilities inclicle:

Restated”
FY 23 FY 22
£'000 £'000
Financial assets measured at amortised cost
Cash and cash equivalents 59,215 63,516
Trade and other receivables 0) 31,028 26,908
Total financial assets measured at amortised cost 90,243, 90,424
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
Trade and other payables . (i) (37,313) (30,292)
Lease liabilities (4,161) (2,409)
Other non-current liabilities (ii (625) (2,768)
Total financial liabilities measured at amortised cost (42,099) (35,469)
Financial liabilities measured at fair value
Earn-out and deferred consideration (24,949) (40,646)
Total financial liabilities measured at fair value (24,949) (40,646)

(i

Trade and other receivables (note 15) as presented in the table above exclude capitalised contract fulfilment costs and prepayments
as these are non-financial assets.

{ii) Trade and other payables (note 17) and other non-current liabilities (note 19) in the table above exclude deferred income, social
socurity tax on sharo options, and taxation and othor cocial scourity ac those are non-financial liabilitios. Earn out and doforred
consideration liabilities are presented as a separate line item in the table above.

The book value of the financial instruments is deemed to be approximate to fair value. There has been no impairment loss recognised
in the current or prior years in respect of financial assets.

The Group's financial instruments comprise cash and cash equivalents, items such as trade payables and trade receivables that arise
diroctly from ite oporations, and bank borrowings. These financial instrumonte ariso in tho ordinary courco of businoss and their main
purpose is to provide finance for the Group's operations.

Tho Group's oporations exposo it to a varioty of financial ricks including marlaot rick, credit rick, liquidity risk, interest rate risk and
foreign currency oxchangoe rato rick. Tho Board hac ovorall rocponcibility for internal control and rick management by tho Group. In
this structure, the Audit and Risk Committco manages tho processes of reviewing the quality of internal controls that are related to
tho financial performanco of tho Group, ac dologated by the Board. Tho policios st by the Board of Diroctors aro implementod by
the Company's finance team.

ymparative has boon restated to discloco oarn-out and doforrod concidoration tiabilitios of €40.6m ac financial fiabiitios moacurod at fair valuo, provioucly dicclocod as
financial liabilities measured at ernortised cost. Additionally, the FY 22 comparative has been restated to include other debtors of C0.5rr within financlal assets measured at amortised
cost as these financial assets were previously excluded, and to exclude tax and social security labilties of £6.0m from financial liabiltios measured at amortisod cast as thaco
‘Non-financial liablities were previously included. These restatements ars presentational only and have had no impact on the consolidated stalement of financial position or the
consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

alphafme.com

sjueweyeys jeloueuly


===== page 129 =====
126 Annual Report & Accounts 2023 (a)

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

23. Financial instruments continued
Market risk

Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, including foreign exchange and interest rates, will affect the Group's income
‘or the value of financial instruments held at the year end. The Directors do not consider this to be a significant risk to the Group.

Inflation risk is the risk that the increased rate of inflation in the market will have a material impact on the Group's forecasted cash flows.
The Group has therefore considered current and plausible inflation levels when forecasting future cash flows. The Group does not
believe that inflationary pressures represent a material risk to the Group's financial position at the balance sheet date.

Credit risk

The Group's credit risk is primarily attributable to potential default on its trade receivables. The Group considers a default to have
occurred when a balance is over 90 days overdue and there is no realistic prospect of payment. The Group has policies that require
appropriate credit checks on potential customers before sales are made.

The Group has provided for a lifetime expected credit loss against the trade receivables balance at the balance sheet date. The likelihood
of default is assessed by reference to the ageing category of the receivables. Refer to note 16 for further details. Were the expected
credit loss rates applied to receivables by the Group to increase by 1% for each ageing category, the resulting additional credit loss

to the Group would be £0.3m.

Interest rate risk

The Group has interest-bearing assets and liabilities. Interest-bearing assets comprise only cash and cash equivalents that earn interest
at a variable rate. The Group's revolving credit facility attracts a variable rate of interest. Given the Group's limited indebtedness, the
Directors do not currently engage in hedging transactions and will rovisit tho appropriatonoss of thie policy should the Croup's operations
change in size or nature. The Group has no derivative transactions outstanding at 31 March 2023.

If the variable interest rate applicable to the Group's revolving credit facility had been 500 bps higher in the year ended 31 March 2023,
finance expenses would have increased by £0.3m.

Liquidity risk
The Group maintains a committed RCF alongsido its cash balances, docignod to oncuro that it has sufficiont available funds for operations
and planned expansions. The Group monitors its levels of working capital to ensure that it can meet its liabilities as they fall due.

The concentration of liquidity risk ig primarily around acquisition-rolated paymonts tho Group ic committed to mako ovor tho noxt several
years. The Group's cash and RCF are expected to be more than sufficient to cover these liabilities as they fall due. Refer to note 13 for
further detail of these liabilities.

The Group's current trade payables, accruals and other creditors totalling £37.3m are expected to be paid within six months of the
balance sheet date. Other non-current liabilities of £0.6m are expected to be settled between 12 and 18 months from the balance sheet
date. Of the gross undiscounted amounts payable in relation to earn-out and deferred consideration, £16.7m is expected to be paid
within six months of the balance sheet date, with the remaining £11.1m to be materially settled between 12 and 18 months of the
balance sheet date. A separate maturity analysis of the Group's lease liabilities is disclosed in note 7.

Financial risk

The Group is liable for contingent earn-out payments on the acquisition of Lionpoint and, as at 31 March 2023, holds a liability that
represents the fair value of amounts that may become payable.

The fair value is determined by estimating the expected payment, discounted to present value, using a risk-adjusted discount rate.

The expected payment is determined separately in respect of each individual earn-out agreement, taking into consideration the expected
level of financial performance of each acquisition. The Group has assessed the estimation uncertainty of the liability held in relation to
contingent considoration, inclusive of omployment linked amounts. As a rocult, the Group has provided a single sensitivity for tho Lionpoint
acquisition at the balance sheet date, as sensitivities applied to common underlying assumptions affect both elements of the liability.

If the discount rates used for the Lionpoint acquisition were to be 5% higher or lower than that assumed by management, the fair value
of the liability recognised within the Group would not change by a material amount.

Were the financial performance achieved by Lionpoint in FY 24 to decrease by 30% from the Board approvod budgot, tho undiscountod
amount to be paid for the third earn-out would remain unchanged at £10.0m. Were the financial performance achieved by Lionpoint in
FY 24 to decrease by 40% from the Board-approved budget, the undiscounted amount to be paid for the third earn-out would be
£2.8m lower at an amount of £7.2m and the discounted liability as at 31 March 2023 would decrease by £2.3m.

The Directors have also considered a reasonable range of circumstances to sensitise the forecast cash flows to calculate reasonable
estimated earn-out pay-out ranges for the Lionpoint acquisition. The Directors have determined that the reasonable range of
undiscounted contingent earn-out payments is between £17.7m and £20.0m.

alphatme.com


===== page 130 =====
ra) Annual Report & Accounts 2023 127

Foreign currency exchange rate risk
The Group is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk mainly as a result of trade receivables and payables that will be settled
in eure and US dollars, ae well az Lionpoint acquisition liabilities that are recorded in ILS dollars. The Group uses available currency
sources to help mitigate exposures. During the year, the Group did not enter into any arrangements to hedge this risk, as the
Directors did not consider the exposure ta be significant given the short-term nature of the balances. The Group will review this policy
as appropriate in the future.

Tho impact on tho Group’c not foo income aricing from a 5% advorco movemont in all foroign oxchango rates relevant to the Group has
been calculated as being £7.2m (3.2%) in FY 23. The same sensitivity would also result in a decrease in the Group's net assets of £1.5m.

GBP EUR USD CHF SGD NOK DKK AUD CAD RSD HKD
‘000 "000 "000 ‘000 "000 "000 ‘000000 “000 ‘000 000

Trade receivables 9,192 4,559 13,362 1,344 504 5 1624 1,229 ~~ 316 : -
Cash 6.881 11,432 47,344 769 «1,806 «1,368 «= 911 «3,368 «574513914
Trade payables (2,861) (791) (1,774) #8) ) - 17) 0) #8) 438)
Total 13,212 15,200 58,932 2,065 2,308 1,373 2,718 4,507 525 4,078 2

24. Capital risk management

The Group's objectives when managing capital are to safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern, provide returns for
aharsholders anc maintain an antimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital

The Group defines capital as being share capital plus all reserves, which amounted to £149.0m as at 81 March 2028 (Y 22. £192.7m).
The Doard of Directors monitors the level of capital as compared to the Group's long-term debt commitments and adjusts the rativ of
debt tt capital a nine tbe ry, by issuing new shares, reducing or increasing debt, paying clivielencls ancl vl
‘ccapilal shareholders, The Group ig nol subject lo any exten rvally iy sila require nants.

25. Related party disclosures

Related parties, following the definitions within IAS 24, are the Group's subsidiary companies, members of the Board, key management
i@l aid their farnilies, and shareholders whe have contral or significant infl veal’ thes Ar cviipy.

3 defined undler IAS 24 Related Party Di tr be the Company
andi certain memes of the Group's senior management team that report inta tha Group Goorclinatinn Committee as detailed! an p66.
Further disclosures relating to the remuneration of the Directors of the Company are set cut in the Remuneration Committee report on
9-7 and in note 5. There were no transactions within the year in which the Directors had any interest.

atwaen the Company and its subsiciari an aliminatesd on con:
Mane of the One ip

for tha purposes cf tl

sifierl aa related
26. Ultimate controlling party

As at 31 March 2020 there is no ultimate controlling party of the Group. The largest shareholders in the Group are set out in the
Directors’ report and arc also published at alphafme.com/investors/aim rule 26.

alphafme.com

SyUBWIEIEIS JEIOUEULY


===== page 131 =====
128 Annual Report & Accounts 2023 (a)

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

27. Events after the reporting period

Acquisition of Shoreline

On 1 May 2023, the Group reached an agreement to acquire 100% of the issued share capital of Shoreline Consulting Pty Ltd

and Shoreline Consolidated Pty Ltd (together, “Shoreline”), a boutique consultancy that provides services to the asset and wealth
management industry in APAC, on a cash and debt-free basis, for AUD 8.0m (£4.2m) initial cash consideration plus a performance-driven
earn-out of up to AUD 5.0m (£2.6m). The initial cash consideration is payable in instalments, with AUD 4.9m (£2.6m) paid on completion,
and AUD 1.7m (£0.9m) and AUD 1.4m (£0.7m) payable on the first and second anniversaries of completion respectively. Any contingent
earn-out tranches are payable by July 2025, 2026 and 2027 respectively. The maximum potential cash consideration payable by the
Group pursuant to the acquisition, assuming full payment of the earn-out, would be AUD 13.0m (£6.8m). The initial consideration was
funded from the Group's cash resources.

As at the date of signing these financial statements, given the proximity of the acquisition to the announcement date, the accounting
is incomplete in respect of the valuation of the fair value of the acquiree’s assets and liabilities, and the associated goodwill for
this acquisition.

Renewal of the Group's revolving credit facility

The Group has one principal bank facility which, as at 31 March 2023, comprised a £20.0m committed revolving credit facility ("RCF")
with Lloyds Bank.

Subsequent to the year end, the Group has increased the amount of its committed RCF to £50.0m, with both Lloyds Bank and HSBC,
to provide funding flexibility in line with the Group's growth. The facility tenor now runs until June 2026.

alphafme.com


===== page 132 =====
is]

Annual Report & Accounts 2023 129

Company statement of
As at 31 March 2023

inancial position

Asat Asat
31 March 2023 31 March 2022
Note £000 £000
Assets
Non-current assets
Investments 2 1,344 1,344
Deferred tax asset 4 1,028 3,213
Amounts owed by Group undertakings 165,012 144,639
Total non-current assets 167,384 149,196
Current assets
Trade and other receivables 5 68 205
Corporation tax 363 548
Cash and cash equivalents 6 205, 68
Total current assets 636 821
Current liabilities,
Trade and other payables 7 (14,407) (3,635)
Total current liabilities (14,407) (3,635)
Net current liabilities (13,771) (2,814)
Non-current liabilities
Other non-current liabilities, 8 67) ny
Total non-current liabilities (67) (211)
Net assets 153,556 146,171
Equity
Issued share capital 90 89
Share premium 119,438 119,438
Capital redemption reserve - -
Other reserves 13,946 9,224
Retained earnings 20,082 17,420
Total shareholders’ equity 153,556 146,171

As permitted by Section 408 of the Companies Act 2006, a separate statement of comprehensive income of the Company has not

been presented. The Company's profit for the year was £15.4m (FY 22; £8.6m).

The notes on pp 131-138 form part of these financial statements. These financial statements were approved and authorised for issue

by the Board of Directors on 22 June 2023. They were signed on its behalf by:

i
U -
cfs
{
Luc MJ Baqué
Chief Executive Officer

Company registered number: 08965207

lke

John C Paton
Chief Financial Officer

alphafme.com

syuswiayeys jeroueul4


===== page 133 =====
130 Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Company statement of changes in equity

For the year ended 31 March 2023

Share Share Other Retained
capital premium reserves earnings Total

£7000 £7000 £000 £000 £'000
As at 1 April 2021 80 89,396 3,907 17,474 110,857
Comprehensive income
Profit for the year - - - 8,626, 8,626
Transactions with owners
Shares issued (equity) 9 30,042 - @ 30,049
Share-based payment charge - - 4,075 - 4,075.
Net settlement of vested share options - - (12) - (12)
Purchase of own shares by the employee benefit trust al - (205) - (205)
Current tax recognised in equity - - 220 - 220
Deferred tax recognised in equity - - 4,239 - 1,239
Dividends - - - (8,678) (8,678)
As at 31 March 2022 89 119,438 9,224 17,420 146,171
Comprehensive income
Profit for the year - - - 18,437 18,437
Transactions with owners
Shares issued (equity) 1 - - O) -
Share-based payment charge - - 7,023 - 7,023
Net settlement of vested share options - - (343) - (343)
Purchase of own shares by the employee benefit trust - - (1,139) - (1,139)
Current tax recognised in equity - - 276 - 276
Deferred tax recognised in equity - - (1,095) - (1,095)
Dividends - - - (12,74) (12,774)
As at 31 March 2023, 90 119,438 13,946 20,082 153,556

Share capital

‘Share capital represents the nominal value of share capital subscribed.

Share premium

The share premium account is used to record the aggregate amount or value of premiums paid when the Company's shares are issued

at a premium, net of associated share issuance costs.

Other reserves

The other reserves represent the cumulative fair value of the IFRS 2 share-based payment charge recognised each year, associated
current tax and deferred tax, equity-settled acquisition consideration reserves, and purchases of the Company's own shares by the

employee benefit trust ("EBT").

Retained earnings

The retained earnings reserve represents cumulative net gains and losses recognised in the consolidated statement of

comprehensive income.

alphafme.com


===== page 134 =====
a) Annual Report & Accounts 2023 131

Notes to the Company financial statements

1. Summary of significant accounting poli
General information

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc (the “Company”) is a public company incorporated, domiciled and registered in England,
in the UK. The registered number is 09965297 and the registered address is 60 Gresham Street, London EC2V 7BB.

The parent company financial statements present information about the Company as a separate entity and not about the
consolidated Group.

Transition to FRS 101

During the year, the Company has revised the basis of preparation of these financial statements, transitioning from UK-adopted
International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") to Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework ("FRS 101").
This transition has not resulted in any change to the Company's financial position at the transition date.

Basis of preparation

These financial statements were prepared in accordance with FRS 101.

In preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement and disclosure requirements of
International Financial Reporting Standards (“Adopted IFRS”), but makes amendments where necessary in order to comply with
the Companioc Act 2006 and has set out below where advantage of the FNS 104 disclusure exernplions has been taken.

In these financial statements, the Company has applied the exemptions available under FRS 101 in respect of the following disclosures:
— acash flow statement and related notes;

— comparative period reconciliations for share capital, tangible fixed assets, intangible assets and investment properties;

— disclosures in respect of transactions with wholly owned subsidiaries;

— disclosures in respect of capital management;

squawayeys jeoueuly

— the effects of new but not yet effective IFRS;

— disclosures in respect of the compensation of key management personnel;

— disclosures of transactions with a management entity that provides key management personnel services to the Company; and

— disclosures of related party transactions.

‘As tho consolidated financial statements of the Group include the equivalent disclosures, the Compariy has alsu taken the exerplions
under FRS 101 available in respect of the following disclosures:

— IFRS 2 Share-based Payment in respect of Group-settled share-based payments; and

— certain disclosures required by IFRS 16 Leases in relation to disclosure of the Company's leasing activities.

Tho Company financial ctatemonts are prepared on tho historical cost basis. Non-current assels arid disposal groups held fur sale are
stated at tho lower of the carrying amount and fair valuo 1039 costs to sell.

The presentational currency of these financial statements and the functional currency of the Company is pounds sterling. All amounts in
these financial statements have been rounded to the nearest £1,000.

Going concern
Tho Diroctore havo, at tho timo of approving tho financial statements, a reasonable expectation that the Company aid the Group have
adoquato rocourcos to continuo in operation for the going concern period. For further details please refer to nule 1 Uf lle Group's:
consolidated financial statements.

Principal accounting policies

The accounting policies set out on pp 132-133 have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods presented in
these Company financial statements.

alphafme.com


===== page 135 =====
132 Annual Report & Accounts 2023 (a)

Notes to the Company financial statements continued

1. Summary of significant accounting policies continued
Significant judgements and estimates

‘The preparation of financial information in accordance with IFRS requires management to make judgements, estimates and
assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses.

The Directors have made no judgements, excluding those involving estimations, in the process of applying the Company's accounting
policies that are considered to have a significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements for the period ended
31 March 2028.

The Directors have identified the following areas as key estimates that are considered to have a significant risk of resulting in a material
adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities within the next financial year.

Share-based payments

Management has estimated the share-based payment expense under IFRS 2. In determining the fair value of share-based payments,
management has considered several internal and external factors in judging the probability that management and employee share
incentives may vest and in assessing the fair value of share options at the date of grant. Such assumptions involve estimating a number
of future performance and other factors. The fair value calculations have been externally assessed for reasonableness in the current and
prior period.

Share-based payment charges recorded in the period are in respect of the share incentives awarded to the Directors of the Company,
as while they are employed by another Group entity, their services are considered to benefit the Group and the Company directly.
Refer to note 10 for further details.

Investments in subsidiaries

Investments in subsidiaries

Investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost less any provision for impairment. The Company monitors for indicators of impairment
at each reporting period, and a full impairment assessment is performed on an annual basis.

The Directors have deemed that no impairment was required in both the current and prior years.

Common control transactions

The Company applies a book-value method of transferring control of subsidiaries between the Company and its wholly owned
subsidiaries. All entities involved in the transfer are part of a wider economic group, are related parties within the Group, and are
transferred at a value equal to the book value of the investment held relating to the transferred company at the date of transfer.

Dividends

Group dividends proposed by the Board are recognised in the financial statements when they have been approved by shareholders
at the AGM. Interim dividends are recognised when they are paid.

Amounts owed by Group undertakings

Amounts uwed by Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair valuc and subsequontly measurod at amortised cost, lees provision
for impairment. A provision for impairment of intercompany receivables is established using an expected credit loss model. Amounts
owed by Group undertakings are presented within non-current receivables where they are not expected to be settled within the Group's
normal operating cycle.

Employee benefits
Share-based payments

The cost of share-based employee compensation arrangements, whereby employees receive remuneration in the form of shares or
share options, is recognised as an employee benefit expense in the statement of profit or loss.

The total expense to be apportioned over the vesting period of the benefit is determined by reference to the fair value (excluding the
effect of non-market-based vesting conditions) at the date of grant.

In determining the fair value of share-based payments under IFRS 2, management has considered a number of internal and external
factors in order to judge the probability that management and employee share incentives may vest. Such judgements involve estimating
future performance and other non-market-based factors.

At the end of each reporting period the assumptions underlying the number of awards expected to vest are adjusted for the effects of
non-market-based vesting conditions to reflect the conditions prevailing at that date. The impact of any revisions to the original
estimates is recognised in the statement of profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to equity. Fair value is measured by the use
of a binomial model. The assumptions have been adjusted, based on management's best estimate, for the effects of non-transferabilty,
lack of dividend until vesting and exercise restrictions.

The fair value calculations have been externally assessed as reasonable in the circumstances.

alphafme.com


===== page 136 =====
(a) -Annual Report & Accounts 2023 133

The Company applies an intra-group recharge arrangement to the share-based payment charge relating to employees of other entities
within tho widor Group, to rofloot tho bonofits received by tho roapoctive entity in relation to employees granted share uplions.

The Company is deemed to be the settling entity in the intra-group arrangement, as share options granted are in relation to ordinary
sharos of the Company, and recognises the share baacd payment charge for the full Group in other reserves. The Company's
subsidiaries are considered to be the receiving entities in the arrangement, in line with the benefit received for services provided through
ongoing employment.

Amounts rolating to omployoes who provide services diroctly to the Company are recorded as an equity-seltled share-based payinent
charge through the Company's statement of comprehensive income and are not recharged.

Tho remaining chargo in rolation to omployoos who provide services to other Croup cntitics is initially recognised as an wivestinerit in
subsidiaries and is simultaneously reversed upon the recharge of this cost to the receiving entity through amounts owed by Group
undertakings. This chargo is rocogniced within tho profit and loss of the relevant recciving cntities. The Company presents these
movements in investments on a net basis within note 2.

For furthor dotailo on tho background to ohare based payment plans and disclosures, please refer to note 22 of the Gioup's
consolidated financial statements.
Shares hald in treasury or by Alpha’s employee benefit trust

Shares held in treasury or by Alpha’s EBT represent the shares of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting pic. These shares are recorded at
cost and are deducted from equity.

Other significant accounting policies
Other significant accounting policies are consistent with those presented within the notes to the Group's consolidated financial statements.

Changes in accounting policy

Several standards, interpretations and amendments to existing standards became effective for the year ended 31 March 2023, and
that will bocomo offective in cubcoquont periods, as detailed on p. 101 of the Croup accounts, none of which had a material inact
‘on the Company.

2. Fixed asset investment

£°000
Cost
As at 1 April 2021 1,344
Disposals -
As at 31 March 2022 1,344
Disposals =
As at 31 March 2023 1,344

The Company's fixed asset investments are all in relation to investments in subsidiaries. The Company held no tangible fixed assets in
the current and prior year.

During tho yoar, amounts recognised and subsequontly roversed through intra group rcoharge arrangements were £5.8m. These are
presented net in the table above in line with the Company's accounting policies.

The undertakings in which the Group and Company had interest at the year end of more than 20% are as follows:

Class and Class and
percentage of percentage of
Country of Registered shares held ~ shares held ~

Subsidiary undertakings incorporation address _Principal activity 31 March 202331 March 2022
Alpha FMC Trustee Limited UK 1 Dormant 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Midco Limited UK 1 Intermediate holding company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Midco 2 Limited UK 1 Intermediate holding company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited UK 1 Intermediate holding company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary

alphafme.com

squawiayers jeroueuly


===== page 137 =====
134 Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Notes to the Company financial statements continued

2. Fixed asset investment continued

Subsidiary undertakings

Country of
incorporation

Registered
address

Principal activity

Class and
percentage of
shares held ~
31 March 2023

Class and
percentage of
shares held ~
31 March 2022

Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited
Alpha FMC Group Nominees Limited

Alpha FMC Group Limited

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group

Limited

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting UK Limited
Alpha Technology Services Consulting Limited

Aiviq Limited*

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting, Inc.
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting S.A.S.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
(Luxembourg) S.A.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Netherlands BV.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Switzerland S.A.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Germany GmbH®

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Singapore Pte. Ltd.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Hong Kong Limited

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Australia PTY Limited

Axxsys Limited

Axxsys Financial Software Consulting
Canada Limited

Axxsys Consulting USA Inc.
Axxsys Danmark ApS
Obsidian Solutions Limited

Alpha Technology Services Consulting S.A.S.

Obsidian Alpha Data Solutions LLC
Alpha FM Consulting Canada Inc.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
(Insurance) France S.A.S.

Lionpoint Holdings, Inc.
Lionpeint Group, LLC
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited
Lionpoint Group SA
Lionpoint Group Pty Limited
Lionpoint GmbH.

Alpha Data Solutions Limited

Alpha Financial Markets Group Spain S.L.U.

Alpha FMC (Newco) Limited

UK
UK
UK

UK

UK

UK

UK
USA
France

Luxembourg
Netherlands
Switzerland
Germany
Singapore
Hong Kong

Australia
UK
Canada

USA
Denmark
UK
France
Serbia
Canada

France

USA

USA

UK
Switzerland
Australia
Germany
UK

Spain

UK

1

1

ena aa

5

10

12

13
14

15
16

7
18
19
20
21
22

23

Intermediate holding
company

Group services

Intermediate holding
company

Intermediate holding
company

Consultancy services
Dormant

Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services

Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services

Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services

Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services

Consultancy services

Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Dormant

Consultancy services
Dormant

100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary
400% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
400% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
N/A
N/A
NIA

38 Aivig Limited (formerly Alpha Data Solutions Limited) changed its name in FY 23,
39 TrackTwo GmbH changed its name to Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Germany GmbH.

alphafme.com


===== page 138 =====
Cn) Annual Report & Accounts 2023 135

Registered addresses
1 80 Gresham Street, London EC2V 7BB, UK

12 East 49" Street, New York, NY 10017, USA

6 Square de LOpéra Louis Jouvet, 75009 Paris, France

19/21 Route d’Arlon - bloc B, L-8009 Strassen, Luxembourg
Strozzilaan'101, Amsterdam, 1083 HN, The Netherlands

Stockerstrasse 55, 8002 Zurich, Switzerland

Kurt — Blaum — Platz 8, 63450 Hanau, Germany

6A Shenton Way #04-01 Downtown Gallery, Singapore 068815

22/F Neich Tower, 128 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong

10 Quay Quarter Tower, 50 Bridge Street, Sydney NSW 2000, Australia

11 New Broad Street House, 35 New Broad Street, London EC2M 1NH, UK
12 1800-13401 108th Avenue, Surrey, British Columbia V3T 5T3, Canada
13 Incorp Services, Inc., One Commerce Center, 1201 Orange Street #600, Wilmington, Delaware 19899, USA
14 Flaesketorvet 68, DK-1711 Copenhagen, Denmark

©oaNY OAR OD

15 Dvadesetsedmog marta 6-6a, 11060 Palilula, Belgrade, Serbia

16 Suite 1700, Park Place, 666 Burrard Street, Vancouver, BC V6C2X8, Canada
17 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, Delaware 19808-1674, USA

18 8 The Green, Suite A, Dover, Delaware 19901, USA

19 5 Upper St. Martin’s Lane, London WC2H 9EA, UK

20 Rue a'ttalie 11, 1204, Geneva, Switzerland

Ground Floor, 123 Walker Street, North Sydney NSW, 2060, Australia

22 c/o KUNZ Rechtsanwalte, AntoniterstraBe 14-16, KdIn, 50667, Germany

23 PP/DE LA CASTELLANA numero 18 7°, 28046, Madrid, Spain

squawiezeys jeoueuly

x

alphafme.com


===== page 139 =====
136 Annual Report & Accounts 2023 0

Notes to the Company financial statements continued

3. Taxation

FY 23 FY 22
£'000 £'000
Current tax
In respect of the current year (184) (328)
Adjustment in respect of prior periods 476 (93)
Deferred tax
In respect of the current year (256) (813)
Adjustments in respect of prior periods 1,345 96
Change in tax rate - (66)
Total tax charge/(credit) for the year 1,381 (1,194)

An increase in the UK corporation rate from 19% to 25% (effective 1 April 2023) was substantively enacted on 24 May 2021. In FY 24,
this change will increase the Group's current tax charge accordingly.

The difference between the total tax expense shown above and the amount calculated by applying the standard rate of UK corporation
tax to the profit before tax is as follows:

FY 23 FY 22

£'000 £'000
Profit before taxation 16,818 7,432
Tax on profit of ordinary activities at standard UK corporation tax rate of 19% (FY 22: 19%) 3,195 1,412
Effects of:
Income not subject to tax (3,635) (2,271)
Adjustments in respect of prior periods 4,821 96
Permanent differences - (375)
Remeasurement of deferred tax for changes in tax rates - (66)

Total tax credit/(charge) for the year 1,381 (1,194)

Income not subject to tax relates to dividend income which was received from UK subsidiaries.

Adjustments in respect of prior periods comprise £0.4m in relation to current tax and £1.4m relating to deferred tax, which primarily
relates to tax on share options. Please refer to note 4 for further details on the deferred tax charge in the year.

4. Deferred tax
Movements in deferred tax
As at 31 March 2023
Recognised Recognised

1 April 2022 in income inequity 31 March 2023

£'000 £1000 £'000 £000

Share options 3,213 (1,090) (1,095) 1,028
Deferred tax asset 3,213 (1,090) (1,095) 1,028

As at 31 March 2022
Recognised Recognised

1 Aprit 2021 in income inequity 31 March 2022

£7000 £'000 £'000 £'000

Share options 1,201 773 1,239 3,213
Deferred tax asset 1,201 773 1,239 3,213

For the period ended 31 March 2023, the Company has recognised a total of £0.8m (FY 22: £1.4m) of tax through equity, of which a
£0.3m credit (FY 22: £0.2m) relates to current tax on the exercise of share options and an offsetting £1.1m (FY 22: £1.2m) debit relates
to deferred tax on share options outstanding.

alphafme.com


===== page 140 =====
(a) Annual Report & Accounts 2023. 137

The decrease in the deferred tax asset during the year relates to a reallocation of-the Group's deferred tax asset, in relation to share
options, from the parent company to other Group entities. The portion of these assets that relate to employees of other Group entities
should previously have been recognised in those entities, given that they will benefit from a tax deduction available upon exercise, rather
than in the accounts of the Company. Therefore, in the Company accounts the Directors have determined that a reallocation of these
assets to the employing entities is required. The impact of this reallocation has resulted in a £1.3m deferred tax asset release in the
statement of comprehensive income, and a £1.4m release recognised through equity. The Directors do not consider this reallocation

to bo material to the user’s understanding of the prior period financial statements and thorefore have not restated the prior period.
There is no impact on the Group financial statements.

5. Trade and other receivables

FY 23 FY 22
£1000 £000
Other debtors 68 205
Total amounts due within one year 68 205

All amounts receivable from Group undertakings are included as non-currenl assets in the Company stalernent of franulal posillot
The Director nding amounts from subsidiary Group undertakings are recoverable Expected credit loss In
relation to non-current and current amounts owed by Group undertakings was immaterial in bith th

6. Cash and equivalents

FY 23 FY 22

_ £'000 £'000

Cash in bank and at hand 205 68

Cash and cash equivalents 205 68
7. Trade and other payables

FY 23 FY 22

_ a nee Se

Amounts owed to Group undertakings : 13,332 2,809

Other creditors 574 560

Social security tax on share options 501 266

Total amounts owed within one year 14,407 3,635

8. Other non-current liabilities

FY 23 FY 22
£'000 £000
Social security tax on share options 57 211
Total amounts owed after one year 57 raul
9. Financial instruments
Carrying amount of financial instruments
The carrying amounts of the Company's financial assets and liabilities are as follows:
FY 23 FY 22
£000 £'000
Financial assets measured at amortised cost 165,285 144,912
Financial assets measured at historical cost 1,344 1,344
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost (14,464) (3,846)
Net financial assets 152,165 142,410

The book value of the financial instruments is deemed to be approximate to fair value.

The Group's financial instruments comprise intercompany receivables, investments in subsidiaries and trade and other payables.
Those financial inctrumonte arico in the ordinary courco of business and their main purpoco is to provide financo for tho Group's operations.

alphafme.com

squawayeys jeoueuly


===== page 141 =====
138 Annual Report & Accounts 2023 (a)

Notes to the Company financial statements continued

9. Financial instruments continued

The Group’s operations expose it to credit risk arising from intercompany receivables. Management has overall responsibility for internal
control and risk management by the Company. The policies set by management are implemented by the Company's finance team.

Credit risk

The Company's credit risk is primarily attributable to its intercompany receivables. The Company provides financing to other entities
within the Group on an unsecured and typically interest-free basis, repayable on demand. There is no collateral held on these receivable
balances. The expected credit loss on the Company's financial assets is measured annually based on historical datapoints and an
assessment of the forward-looking probability of default. The expected credit loss on the Company's intercompany receivables is
immaterial as at 31 March 2023,

The Directors consider the intercompany receivables to represent a low credit risk and credit risk is not considered to have increased
significantly since initial recognition. The wider Group has a strong liquidity position and there is no current expectation hy the Nirectors,
for repayment of the intercompany balances in the short term.

10. Share-based payments

Options under the Group's “MIP” share option schemes have been granted to employees of the Company. For further information,
including the terms and conditions of these awards, please refer to note 22 of the Group's consolidated financial statements.

The Company's weighted averago oxorcise prico for all options outctanding in both tho curront and prior yoars was nominal. The options
outstanding as at 31 March 2023 had a weighted average contractual life of 1.1 years (FY 22: 1.3 years).

The Company's weighted average share price at the date of exercised awards in the year was £4.40.

The Company recognised a total expense of £1.5m (FY 22: £0.7m) in the current year. As disclosed on p. 76 of the Remuneration
Committee report, Euan Fraser stepped down from the role of Chief Executive Officer and from the Board on 31 March 2023 and, as
announced, remains with the Group as a strategic adviser on a part-time basis. This has resulted in an acceleration of the share-based
Payment charge in relation to Euan's share options, as all employment-linked conditions attached to these options have been removed.

Given the estimation, were the future conditions for all outstanding share options assumed to be met at the end of the reporting period,
the charge in the year would increase by £0.1m.

Assumptions associated with the calculation of the social security tax liability due on vesting of share options include an estimation of
the forward-looking share price at the vesting date based on applicable analyst research and applicable future tax rates. For these
Purposes, share price is updated at each reporting period to reflect historical levels, and is assumed to grow in line with the estimated
future performance of the business. If the estimated future share price growth assumption were to double, the social security costs in
the year could increase by £0,1m. Were the share price to remain flat the charge would reduce by £0.1m.

11, Related parties
Identity of related parties with which the Company has transacted

The Company has not engaged in any transactions with any related parties other than with wholly owned subsidiaries, and
remuneration of the Company's key management personnel. These transactions have not been disclosed as the Company has taken
advantage of exemptions under FRS 101.

12, Events after the reporting period
Renewal of the Group's revolving credit facility

Subsequent to the year end, the Company has increased the amount of its committed RCF to £50.0m, with both Lloyds Bank and
HSBC, to provide funding flexibility in line with the Group's growth. The facility tenor now runs until June 2026. Refer to note 27 of the
notes to the consolidated financial statements.

alphatme.com


===== page 142 =====
Oo

Annual Report & Accounts 2023 139

SASB Disclosure

The mission of the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board
(“SASB") is to develop and disseminate sustainability accounting
standards that help public corporations disclose material,
decision-useful information to investors. The Group is supportive
of the SASB framework as it allows organisations to provide
comparable and consistent ESG-related data. As a “professional
and commercial services” organisation under SASB, the material
factors according to the SASB framework are as follows:

— data security;
— workforce diversity and engagement; and

— professional integrity.

Material factors

The below tables provide the numeric metrics relating to these
factors over the past 12 months where applicable, in addition to
the internal frameworks used to manage these risks on an
ongoing basis. Further qualitative data for each of the material
factors is provided throughout the Annual Report. The Group also
recognises the increasing importance of the environment to its
investors, employees and other stakeholders, which it describes
in addition to the required disclosure.

Principal locations in this Annual Report

Data security

Risk management pp 47-49

Workforce diversity and engagement

Looking after our people: emphasis on culture and inclusion pp 26-27

Social: diversity and inclusion pp 36-37
Professional integrity Sustainable business: governance p. 35; and community and social responsibility
pp 38-41
ESG metrics:
Topic: Data security
Measurement FY 23 FY 22 SASB Code
Number of data breaches - - SV-PS-230a.3

Description of approach to identifying and addressing data
security risks: SV-PS-230a.1

Alpha continues to invest in maintaining a robust security posture
across the organisation. Alpha seeks to continually improve
security controls and adapt to the ever-evolving cyber threat
landscape.

The Group's IT and data security strategy ensures that the
confidentiality, integrity and availability of data are maintained and
is frequently assessed and updated to remain aligned with global
data protection frameworks and regulations.

Alpha has identified a number of key risk areas that are regularly
monitorod and concidorod including: tho misuso of data; accidental
or intentional dissemination of data; loss, theft or compromise of
data and/or information; incorrect data being used for internal or
oxtornal purposes; and unauthorised accoss of equipment and/or
physical resources.

Over the past 12 months, Alpha has continued to evolve its

__ internal governanco and controls surrounding this topic. This activity
has included continuing to support Aiviq (formerly Alpha Data
Solutions) in maintaining ISO 27001:2013 certification.

Internal policies and governance
Alpha maintains a suite of information security policies, which

are reviewed, updated and approved by the Group Coordination
Committee on an annual basis.

These policies are based upon best practice from the National
Institute of Standards and Technology ("NIST") framework
Policies include but are not limited to:

— acceptable use;
— access control;
— antivirus and threat management;

— asset management;

aansojosid SSV¥S

— data privacy;

— data encryption;

— information security training:

— password management;

— secure development;

— wireless network policy; and

— business continuity and disaster recovery.

The information security policies attest to the responsibility,
governance and business practices that Aipha applies to the

topics surrounding IT and data security, and enable the Group to
validate information security and risk posture on a constant basis.

alphafme.com


===== page 143 =====
140 Annual Report & Accounts 2023

7

SASB Disclosure continued

ESG metrics: continued

Senior oversight and executive sponsorship

The Global Head of IT Operations is responsible for the oversight
and management of incidents, risks and remedial activities
Pertaining to Alpha’s IT, infrastructure and information security
function. Executive sponsorship of IT and data security in the
leadership team is provided by the Group Managing Director
and day-to-day oversight is the responsibility of the Information
Security Lead,

Alpha operates an internal Information Security Management
Forum ("ISMF"), chaired by the Information Security Lead. The ISMF
meets regularly to review incidents, risks and mitigation activities
across the Group. This includes managing activities pertaining to
Aiviq’s ISO 27001 certification.

Workforce training and awareness

All global Alpha employees are trained and empowered to take
responsibility for data security across the organisation. Mandatory
data handling and cybersecurity training is issued annually with a
Positive pass required of each employee. This mandatory annual
training is supplemented throughout the year with security
awareness training modules, delivered electronically.

Social engineering assessments are additionally undertaken with
analysis and benchmarking against industry average statistics.
Further mandatory training is issued as a follow-up following
completion of these assessments. Technical safeguards such as
multifactor authentication ("MFA"), secure email gateway, secure
cloud access gateway, DMARC anti-spoofing controls and
phishing reporting are also implemented.

Cloud security and monitoring

Alpha continues to adopt market-leading cloud technologies to
ensure a multi-layered approach in defending its infrastructure,
people and data from emerging cyber threats. Using these
platforms, Alpha had deployed a broad range of technical
controls arouind encryption, intrusion detection and prevention.
data leak prevention, traffic inspection, and threat scanning.
Additionally, new technologies are regularly evaluated as Alpha
continues to assess the security landscape and identifies
potential changes in risk. Given the continuation of hybrid
working, further investment has also been made in the Group's
Endpoint protection and detection suite, leveraging industry-best,
Al-driven local analysis.

Proactive monitoring across Alpha's core infrastructure is
undertaken by the security operations centre ("SOC"), for which
Alpha leverages a qualified third party (BDO Digital). The SOC
enables the organisation to robustly assess alerts and events,
correlate with threat intelligence and take the appropriate course
of investigation.

Robust incident and breach response

The Global Head of Legal & Corporate Affairs oversees Alpha’s
protection and privacy framework, including compliance with all
relevant regulations. The Global Head of Operations oversees
operational procedures aligned to that framework with support
from the IT infrastructure, operations and client delivery teams.

alphafme.com

Alpha operates a unified global incident response and breach
managomont process, which oncures we are ablo to appropriatoly
assess and triage all data security incidents, and ensure that the
most effective remediation is applied. The response function
ensures the timely containment of any incident(s) and impact
assessment, and handles both internal and external notifications
(if and when required).

During the previous 12 months, there were no reportable
data breaches.

Description of policies and practices relating to collection,
usage and retention of customer information: SV-PS-230a.2
Alpha fully understands its important custodial obligations around
protecting internal, employee and client information. In line with
this, Alpha has implemented and annually reviews a global data
protection policy and privacy statement, which comprises rolovant
Privacy notices relating to different areas of the business. Alpha's
privacy statement explains the types of information collected and
processed, and governance of the usage attributed to this data
collection, and outlines the appropriate data retention schedules.

In accordance with the privacy statement, Alpha collects and
processes contact and organisational information for legitimate
business purposes, safoguarded by a suito of tochnical controls
to mitigate the risk of data breaches arising from external threats.

All systems and applications are configured on a least-privilege
basis, ensuring access to data is appropriate by job function.
All cloud platforms are assessed at the point of implementation
and annually thereafter to assess data residency and ongoing
compliance with the appropriate regional legislation.

To further mitigate risks associated with data handling, Alpha has
deployed several risk controls including:

— annual review and approval of global information security
policies by the Group Coordination Committee;

~~ clear ovorsight of and responsibility for tho data protection and
Privacy framework by the Global Head of Legal & Corporate Affairs;

— clear lines of operational responsibility and engagement across
the global data protection governanco, overseen by the Global
Head of Operations;

— training and awareness to promote good cyber hygiene and
build a security aware culture;

— social engineering assessments across the global workforce,
robustly analysed to benchmark attack susceptibility against
industry averages;

— security operations centre performing real-time infrastructure
monitoring, correlating events and alerts with threat analytic
feeds and other sources of intelligence;

— adoption of a cloud-first IT architecture model, built upon
zero-trust security principles;

— due diligence, vetting and annual auditing of cloud providers
is undertaken to validate information security and risk posture
around these applications; and

— regular external collaboration with cybersecurity specialists.


===== page 144 =====
(a) Annual Report & Accounts 2023141

Topic: Workforce diversity and engagement“?

Measurement SASB Code
Percentage of gender representation 8V-PS-330a.1
Male Female Other N/A*
Level FY 23 FY 22 FY 23, FY 22 FY 23 FY 22 FY 23 FY 22
Directors and equivalent 858% 84.4% 13.3% 11.5% 0.0% 0.0% 09% 4.2%
Managers, senior managers, associate 4 5
probe seiani elt tari 69.3% 711% «30.5% += 26.4% «= 0.0% += 0.0%) 2% LH
Analysts, consultants and equivalent 62.9% 63.5% 36.4% ©—«-34.8% © 0.0% 00% = i7%H—1.8%
Overall split 68.5% 69.7% 31.0% 28.0% 0.0% 0.0% 05% 2.3%
Measurement SASB Code
Percentage of racial/ethnic group representation (UK) SV-PS-330a.1
Asian or Black or Mixed White or
Asian British. Black British background White British Other N/A
Level FY23. FY 22 FY 23 FY 22 FY 23 FY 22 FY 23 FY 22 FY 23 FY 22 FY 23 FY 22
Directors and equivalent 1.8% 0.0% 18% 21% 1.8% 21% 895% 833% 0.0% 21% 5.3% 10.4%
Managers, senior managers,
associate directors 16.6% 10.7% 3.1% 27% 31% 6.0% 676% 76.5% 13% 13% 9.3% 27%
and equivalent
Analysts, consultants 175% 24.4% 5.3% 4.9% 3.5% 6.5% 62.6% 57.7% 35% 24% 76% 4.1%
and equivalent
Overall split 14.6% 14.4% 3.8% 34% 31% 5.6% 68.4% 70.0% 2.0% 1.9% 8.2% 4.4%
Measurement SASB Code
Percentage of racial/ethnic group representation (North America) SV-PS-330a.1
Black or Hispanic
Asian Atrican American or Latino: White Other N/A
Level FY23) FY 22 FY 23 FY 22 FY 23 FY 22 FY 23 FY 22 FY 23 FY 22 FY 23 FY 22
Directors and equivalent 111% 91% 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 778% 818% 37% 0.0% 74% 91%
All other employees 15.3% 15.6% 3.6% 4.3% 3.6% 5.4% 49.1% 60.8% 46% 4.8% 238% 91%
Overall split 14.9% 14.9% 3.2% 3.8% 3.2% 4.8% 51.6% 63.0% 45% 4.3% 22.4% 9.1%
Measurement FY 23 FY 22 SASB Code
Voluntary turnover rate of employees 12.2% 12.4% SV-PS-330a.2
Employee engagement as a percentage 73.5% 69.3% SV-PS-330a.3

40 Given the nature of the metrics, the percentages used as part of the SASB disclosure refer to total global headcount, ie. fee-generating consultants as well as business operations teams.

41 "N/A" relers to unknown, undisclosed or prefer no! to say. An important part of the ongoing diversity and inclusion initiatives at Alpha is to endeavour to reduce the number of "N/A"
(where appropriate) and to expand the data groups on which itis reporting So as to provide a wider view of how itis performing against the topic. Please see the social section of the
sustainable business report for more information.

42 Voluntary turnover data for FY 21 and FY 22 was based on fee-generating consultants. As part of our ongoing developments of this reporting, figures for FY 23 include fee-generating
consultants as well as business operations teams. Voluntary turnover rate for tee-generating consultants only for FY 23 was 12.7%.

‘43 Employee engagement data for FY 23 was based on anonymous engagement surveys conducled duriiy the yea. FY 22 uid nol include Axxsys and Lionpoint,

alphafme.com

eansojosid aSVS


===== page 145 =====
142 Annual Report & Accounts 2023

SASB Disclosure continued

ESG metrics: continued
Topic: Professional integrity
Measurement

FY 23 FY 22 SASB Code

Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with

professional integrity“*

‘SV-PS-510a.2

Description of approach to ensuring professional integrity:
SV-PS-330a.1

Acting with integrity is embedded into Alpha's core values. To support
this, Alpha maintains clear policies for its employees on such
topics as anti-bribery, confidentiality, IT security and acceptable
use, whistleblowing and tax evasion. Annual performance reviews:
include an assessment of professional integrity and compliance
with company policies. The Group will continue to review its
adherence to high professional standards and business ethics
and introduce new policies and training-for its teams as .
appropriate for the Group's business model and range of services.

Operating according to strong standards of transparency,
honesty, business ethics and professional integrity means that
Alpha is able to identify, understand and meet consistently the
high expectations of its clients and wider stakeholders, Alpha is
also cognisant of its wider relationships and is developing its
approach to managing business and supplier relationships in
respect of human rights and ethical standards, such as through
its Living Wage application.

Alpha is committed to delivering the highest relationship and
delivery standards to all clients and prospective clients. As part of
this commitment, the professional conduct of the Group is at all
times fair and professional, premised upon:

— promoting Alpha’s services honestly and fairly;
— preserving the confidentiality and privacy of client businesses;
— acting lawfully and ethically at all times; and

— delivering projects in line with the terms of the engagement as
well as any wider services agreements.

Itis the responsibility of the Alpha engagement lead, supported
by the client account owner, to ensure that client expectations
are met on each client project. The heads of each business then
oversee the engagement and satisfaction of clients with the
Group's products and service offering, ensuring that they are
aligned to the Group's high professional standards.

44 This covers losses arising out of legal proceedings against Alpha in connection with its relationship with clients and the delivery of professional services to its clients.

alphatme.com


===== page 146 =====
ie]

Directors and advisers

Directors

Ken Fry

Luc Baqué
John Paton
Penny Judd
Jill May
Maeve Byrne

Company number
09965297

Registered office
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ple

60 Gresham Street
London EC2V 7BB

Auditor
KPMG LLP

EastWest
Tollhouse Hill
Nottingham NG1 SFS

Registrar.
Computershare

The Pavilions
Bridgwater Road
Bristo! BS99 6ZZ

FSC
were

Ke)
2
mix rag

Paper tim
sponsible sou

TRUST™

*s |  www.carbonbalancedpaper.com
Fsc+coo178s ) caparogso

Nominated adviser
Investec Bank ple

30 Gresham Street
London EC2V 7QP

Joint brokers

Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co.
60 Threadneedle Street
London EC2R 8HP

Investec Bank ple

30 Gresham Street
London EC2V 70N

Company Secretary
Prism Cosec Limited
company.secretary@alphafme.com

Corporate and investor website
alphafme.com/investors

Client website
alphafme.com

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting pic's commitment to environmental issues

is reflected in this Annual Report, which has been printed on Magno Satin, an

FSC® certified material. This document was printed by Park Communications

using its environmental print technology, which minimises the impact of Produced by

printing on the environment, with 99% of dry waste diverted from landfill.
Both the printer and the paper mill are registered to ISO 14001.

designportfolio

uonewuojuj Auedwoo


===== page 147 =====
Alphale Cl
[60/CreshamiStreetag
London)

EC 2V)7 BB)

£-441(0)}2074796\9300
enquiries@alphafmc!com

falphafimc:com}

