

===== page 1 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: 05CA4433-7A72-424D-9541-320F 1E5C981A

THE COMPANIES ACT 2006

A PRIVATE COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES

ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

of
ACTIUM HOLDINGS LIMITED

Adopted by special resolution dated 9 September 2024


===== page 2 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: 05CA4433-7A72-424D-9541-320F 1E5C981A

INDEX TO THE ARTICLES
Article Page
PRELIMINARY
1. Model articles do not apply oo... ee neeeneeeeeeiseeneiesesiesieeiienseismeeiesaeniseieenieenees 1
INTERPRETATION
2. Defined terms .........cscecssecsseesssesssessssesssssssssesssesssecssecssecssseessesssensssssssssesssesssecssecasecssueessetasensseesasssssaesnsees® 1
OBJECTS
3. Unrestricted ODjeCts 0.0. ieeieeeieeneeisieesieseeiiiesnesiesnieiusiesesesnieeieeucieeesnesy 4
LIMITED LIABILITY
4, Liability Of MEMbETS oo... .eessescesessesstesnssseseseseeesesesesnsaseseveseeeseseesnsasesenesueeseseesnsasesensseeeseseennaseeeney 4
DIRECTORS
DIRECTORS’ GENERAL POWERS, DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
5. Directors’ general powers...
6. Shareholders’ reserve power.
7. Directors’ duties
8. Directors may delegate
9. Committees

DECISION-MAKING BY DIRECTORS
10. Directors to take decisions collectively
11. Unanimous decisions.
12. Calling a directors’ meeting
13. Participation in directors' meetings .
14. Quorum for directors’ meetings
15. Chairing of directors' meetings.
DIRECTORS' INTERESTS

16. Directors’ interests in relation to transactions or arrangements with the company
17. Directors’ interests other than in relation to transactions or arrangements with the company
18. Directors’ interests generally and voting .
19. Records of decisions to be kept
20. Directors’ discretion to make further rules .
APPOINTMENT OF DIRECTORS

21. Methods of appointing direCtOrs 0.0. eee eee ieaesieeeseessianisieessnerneseieaneeeitee
22. Termination of director's appointment
23. Appointment and termination of appointments of directors by majority shareholders 11
24. Directors’ services and remuneration.
25. Directors’ expenses .
26. Directors’ pensions and other benefits ..
ALTERNATE DIRECTORS

27. Appointment and removal of alternates.........sscssssssersesssesnsssessssersusssesnsesssessnersesesneesssesseersnsenesnees
28. Rights and responsibilities of alternate directors
29. Alternates voting at directors’ meeting
30. Termination of alternate directorship ...

COMPANY NAME

31. Directors’ power to change COMPANY NAME... esses eesssseeessseeessuecsssensssieesssuenesseveeesseneee 14
SHARES AND DISTRIBUTIONS — SHARES

32. All shares to be fully paid Up.......c.cscccssecsecsseessseesseesseessessusessesssessseesseessusssesssessnessesesseessvessvecnseessen 14

33. Powers to allot shares
34. Company not bound by less than absolute interes
35. Share certificates ..
36. Replacement share certificates .



===== page 3 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: 05CA4433-7A72-424D-9541-320F 1E5C981A

37. Share rights and restrictions .
38. Share transfers
39. Transmission of share:
40. Exercise of transmittees' rights
Al. Transmittees bound by prior notices
DIVIDENDS AND OTHER DISTRIBUTIONS
42. Procedure for declaring dividends
43. Payment of dividends and other distributions
44, No interest on distributions
45. Unclaimed distributions.
46. Non-cash distributions...
47. Waiver of distribution:
48. Overriding provisions

SHARE BUYBACKS

49. Buybacks Out Of Capital .........cccsccessesseessessecsssssessessessesseesssssessessuessessessusensssessuesseasessuseesssesseeesesseesnteneeee 23
CAPITALISATION OF PROFITS

50. Authority to capitalise and appropriation of capitalised SUMS... cesses eesneeresseesieneenee 23

DECISION-MAKING BY SHAREHOLDERS — ORGANISATION OF GENERAL MEETINGS
51. Notice of general meeting
52. Attendance and speaking at general meetings
53. Quorum for general meetings
54, Chairing general meetings.
55, Attendance and speaking by directors and non-shareholder:
56. Adjournment.

57. Voting: general...
58. Errors and disputes .
59. Poll votes
60. Content of proxy notices
61. Delivery of proxy notices etc.
62. Amendments to resolutions
ADMINISTRATIVE ARRANGEME!
63. Means of communication to be used
64. When a communication from the company is deemed received ..
65. Notices in writing given to the company by majority shareholders
66. Company Sealls........ccscscecsessecsseersseessessees
67. No right to inspect accounts and other record:
68. Provision for employees on cessation of business.
WINDING UP

69. WINING UP .....eccesssessscsesseesseesesseesssssessussseesessscsssesesessueesssssesssessesessseesesssessseurtsessueesesssesssesnteesseeesessveesses 30
DIRECTORS’ INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE

70. Indemnity..
71. Insurance .



===== page 4 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: 05CA4433-7A72-424D-9541-320F 1E5C981A

Company number
09965297

(a)

THE COMPANIES ACT 2006
A PRIVATE COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
OF

ACTIUM HOLDINGS LIMITED

(adopted by special resolution dated 9 September 2024)
PRELIMINARY
Model articles do not apply

None of the articles in the model articles for a private company limited by shares set out in Schedule
1 to The Companies (Model Articles) Regulations 2008 shall apply to the company.

INTERPRETATION
Defined terms
In the articles, unless the context requires otherwise:
alternate or alternate director has the meaning given in article 27(a) and article 28(a) respectively;
articles means the company's articles of association, as from time to time amended;
available profits means profits available for distribution within the meaning of the Companies Act;

bankruptcy includes individual insolvency proceedings in a jurisdiction other than England and
Wales or Northern Ireland which have an effect similar to that of bankruptcy;

bond holders has the meaning given in article 38(f);

business day has the meaning given in the Senior Facilities Agreement;
chair has the meaning given in article 15(b);

chair of the meeting has the meaning given in article 54(c);

Closing Date has the meaning given in the Senior Facilities Agreement;

Companies Act means the Companies Act 2006 including any statutory modification or re-enactment
of it for the time being in force;


===== page 5 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: 05CA4433-7A72-424D-9541-320F 1E5C981A

2
company means Actium Holdings Limited (registered number 09965297);
company redemption notice shall be as defined in article 37(i);

director means a director of the company, and includes any person occupying the position of director,
by whatever name called;

distribution recipient has the meaning given in article 43(b);
document includes, unless otherwise specified, any document sent or supplied in electronic form;
electronic form has the meaning given in section 1168 of the Companies Act;

eligible director means a director who is entitled to vote on the relevant matter at a directors’ meeting
but excluding any director whose vote is not to be counted in respect of the relevant matter;

EURIBOR shall have the meaning given in the Senior Facilities Agreement or such replacement for
EURIBOR in the Senior Facilities Agreement;

Facilities has the meaning given in the Senior Facilities Agreement;
Facility B has the meaning given in the Senior Facilities Agreement;

Facilities Redemption Date means the date on which each of the Facilities is prepaid and/or cancelled
in accordance with the terms of the Senior Facilities Agreement;

Financing Document shall have the meaning given in the Senior Facilities Agreement;
financial institution has the meaning given in article 38(f);

fully paid in relation to a share, means that the nominal value and any premium to be paid to the
company in respect of that share have been paid to the company;

hard copy form has the meaning given in section 1168 of the Companies Act;

holder in relation to shares means the person whose name is entered in the register of members as the
holder of the shares;

instrument means a document in hard copy form;

interest rate means has the meaning given to that term in article 37(c);

issue price means in respect of a share in the capital of the company, the amount paid up (or credited
as paid up) (being, for the avoidance of doubt, any nominal value thereof and any share premium
thereon) to the extent the same has not been distributed by way of bonus issue, repayment of capital
or dividend;

ordinary resolution has the meaning given in section 282 of the Companies Act;

ordinary shares means the ordinary shares of £0.00075 each in the capital of the company;

paid means paid or credited as paid;


===== page 6 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: 05CA4433-7A72-424D-9541-320F 1E5C981A

(b)

@

3
preference dividend shall be as defined in article 37(b);

preference shares means the cumulative redeemable preference shares of €0.01 each in the capital of
the company;

participate, in relation to a directors' meeting, has the meaning given in article 13(a);

proxy notice has the meaning given in article 60(a);

receiver has the meaning given in article 38(f);

relevant situation has the meaning given in article 17(a);

security has the meaning given in article 38(f);

Senior Facilities Agreement means the senior facilities agreement dated 16 August 2024 between,
among others, Actium Midco 2 (UK) Limited (as parent), Actium Midco 3 (UK) Limited (as
company), Actium Bidco (UK) Limited (as UK Bidco), Actium Bidco (US), LTD. (as US Bidco),
GLAS USA LLC (as agent) and GLAS Trust Corporation Limited (as security agent), as may be
amended, amended and restated, varied and / or supplemented from time to time;

shareholder means a person who is the holder of a share;

shareholder redemption notice shall be as defined in article 37(j);

shares means any shares in the company;

special resolution has the meaning given in section 283 of the Companies Act;

subsidiary has the meaning given in section 1159 of the Companies Act;

transmittee means a person entitled to a share by reason of the death or bankruptcy of a shareholder
or otherwise by operation of law; and

writing means the representation or reproduction of words, symbols or other information in a visible
form by any method or combination of methods, whether sent or supplied in electronic form or
otherwise.

Unless the context otherwise requires, other words or expressions contained in these articles bear the
same meaning as in the Companies Act as in force on the date when these articles become binding on
the company.

Unless the contrary intention appears, words importing the singular number include the plural number
and vice versa, words importing one gender include all genders and words importing persons include
bodies corporate and unincorporated associations.

Headings to the articles are inserted for convenience only and shall not affect construction.

OBJECTS


===== page 7 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: 05CA4433-7A72-424D-9541-320F 1E5C981A

(a)

(b)

)

(b)

@)

Unrestricted objects
Nothing in the articles shall constitute a restriction on the objects of the company to do (or omit to do)
any act and in accordance with section 31(1) of the Companies Act, the company’s objects are
unrestricted.
LIMITED LIABILITY
Liability of members
The liability of the members is limited to the amount, if any, unpaid on the shares held by them.
DIRECTORS
DIRECTORS' GENERAL POWERS, DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Directors’ general powers

Subject to the articles, the directors are responsible for the management of the company's business, for
which purpose they may exercise all the powers of the company.

Shareholders’ reserve power

The shareholders may, by special resolution, direct the directors to take, or refrain from taking,
specified action.

No such special resolution invalidates anything which the directors have done before the passing of
the resolution.

Directors’ duties
The purpose of the company:
(i) may, if and to the extent that the directors consider it appropriate; and

(ii) shall, if directed by the holders of the majority of the shares by notice in writing to the
company,

include promoting the success of the group as a whole or of any one or more members of the group
(and in this context group means the company, any other body corporate which is its holding company
or subsidiary and any other body corporate which is a subsidiary of that holding company).

In the exercise of a director's duties, a director shall not be restricted by any duty of confidentiality to
the company from providing information regarding the company to a holding company of the company
but a director who is also a director of any holding company of the company shall owe a strict duty of
confidentiality to that holding company in relation to confidential information of the holding company.

Directors may delegate

Subject to the articles, the directors may delegate any of the powers which are conferred on them under
the articles:


===== page 8 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: 05CA4433-7A72-424D-9541-320F 1E5C981A

(b)

(c)

(a)

(b)

10.
(@)

(b)

11.

(a)

(b)

(©)

(i) to such person or committee;

(ii) by such means (including by power of attorney);
(iii) to such an extent;

(iv) in relation to such matters or territories; and

(v) on such terms and conditions,

as they think fit.

If the directors so specify, any such delegation may authorise further delegation of the directors’
powers by any person to whom they are delegated.

The directors may revoke any delegation in whole or part, or alter its terms and conditions.
Committees

Committees to which the directors delegate any of their powers must follow procedures which are
based as far as they are applicable on those provisions of the articles which govern the taking of

decisions by directors.

The directors may make rules of procedure for all or any committees, which prevail over rules derived
from the articles if they are not consistent with them.

DECISION-MAKING BY DIRECTORS
Directors to take decisions collectively

The general rule about decision-making by directors is that any decision of the directors must be either
a majority decision at a meeting or a decision taken in accordance with article 11.

If:
(i) the company only has one director; and
(ii) no provision of the articles requires it to have more than one director,

the general rule does not apply, and the director may take decisions without regard to any of the
provisions of the articles relating to directors’ decision-making.

Unanimous decisions

A decision of the directors is taken in accordance with this article 11 when all eligible directors indicate
to each other by any means that they share a common view on a matter.

Such a decision may take the form of a resolution in writing, copies of which have been signed by
each eligible director or to which each eligible director has otherwise indicated agreement in writing.

A decision may not be taken in accordance with this article 11 if the eligible directors would not have
formed a quorum at such a meeting.


===== page 9 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: 05CA4433-7A72-424D-9541-320F 1E5C981A

12.

(a)

(b)

(@)

13.

(a)

(b)

(c)

14,

(a)

(b)

©)

Calling a directors’ meeting

Any director may call a directors’ meeting by giving notice of the meeting to the directors or by
authorising the company secretary (if any) to give such notice.

Notice of any directors’ meeting must indicate:
(i) its proposed date and time;
(ii) where it is to take place; and

(iii) _ if itis anticipated that directors participating in the meeting will not be in the same place, how
it is proposed that they should communicate with each other during the meeting.

Notice of a directors’ meeting must be given to each director, but need not be in writing.

Notice of a directors' meeting need not be given to directors who waive their entitlement to notice of
that meeting, by giving notice to that effect to the company not more than 7 days after the date on
which the meeting is held. Where such notice is given after the meeting has been held, that does not
affect the validity of the meeting, or of any business conducted at it.

Participation in directors’ meetings

Subject to the articles, directors participate in a directors’ meeting, or part of a directors’ meeting,
when:

(i) the meeting has been called and takes place in accordance with the articles; and

(ii) they can each communicate to the others any information or opinions they have on any
particular item of the business of the meeting.

In determining whether directors are participating in a directors’ meeting, it is irrelevant where any
director is or how they communicate with each other.

If all the directors participating in a meeting are not in the same place, they may decide that the meeting
is to be treated as taking place wherever any of them is. In the absence of such a decision, the meeting
is deemed to take place at the location from where the chair participates.

Quorum for directors’ meetings

At a directors' meeting, unless a quorum is participating, no proposal is to be voted on, except a
proposal to call another meeting.

The quorum for directors' meetings may be fixed from time to time by a decision of the directors, but
subject to paragraph (c), it must never be less than two eligible directors, and unless otherwise fixed it
is two eligible directors.

For the purpose of any directors’ meeting (or part of a meeting) held in accordance with article 17 to
authorise a director's conflict of interest, if only one eligible director is in office, the quorum is one
eligible director.


===== page 10 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: 05CA4433-7A72-424D-9541-320F 1E5C981A

1)

15.
()
(b)
(c)
@)

16.

17.

()

7
If the total number of directors for the time being in office is less than the quorum required, the director
or directors in office must not take any decision other than a decision:

(i) to appoint further directors; or

(ii) to call a general meeting so as to enable the shareholders to appoint further directors.
Chairing of directors meetings

The directors may appoint a director to chair their meetings.

The person so appointed for the time being is known as the chair.

The directors may terminate the chair's appointment at any time.

If the chair is not participating in a directors’ meeting within ten minutes of the time at which it was to
start, the participating directors may appoint one of themselves to chair it.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS
Directors’ interests in relation to transactions or arrangements with the company

The relevant provisions of the Companies Act (including without limitation sections 177 and 182 of
the Companies Act) shall apply in relation to declarations of interests in proposed and existing
transactions or arrangements with the company.

Directors’ interests other than in relation to transactions or arrangements with the company

If a situation (a relevant situation) arises in which a director has, or can have, a direct or indirect
interest that conflicts, or possibly may conflict, with the interests of the company (including, without
limitation, in relation to the exploitation of any property, information or opportunity, whether or not
the company could take advantage of it but excluding any situation which cannot reasonably be
regarded as likely to give rise to a conflict of interest) the following provisions shall apply if the
conflict of interest does not arise in relation to a transaction or arrangement with the company:

(i) if the relevant situation arises from the appointment or proposed appointment of a person as a
director of the company:

(A) _ the directors (other than the director, and any other director with a similar interest,
who shall not be counted in the quorum at the meeting and shall not vote on the
resolution); or

(B) the shareholders (by ordinary resolution or by notice in writing given to the company
by the holders of a majority of the shares),

may resolve to authorise the appointment of the director and the relevant situation on such
terms as they may determine;

(ii) if the relevant situation arises in circumstances other than in paragraph (i):


===== page 11 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: 05CA4433-7A72-424D-9541-320F 1E5C981A

(b)

(c)

(@)

(f)

()

(h)

8
(A) __ thedirectors (other than the director and any other director with a similar interest who
shall not be counted in the quorum at the meeting and shall not vote on the resolution);
or

(B) the shareholders (by ordinary resolution or by notice in writing given to the company
by the holders of a majority of the shares),

may resolve to authorise the relevant situation and the continuing performance by the director
of the director's duties on such terms as they may determine.

Any reference in paragraph (a) to a conflict of interest includes a conflict of interest and duty and a
conflict of duties.

Any terms determined by the directors or the shareholders under paragraphs (a)(i) or (a)(ii) may be
imposed at the time of the authorisation or may be imposed or varied subsequently by either the
directors or the shareholders and may include (without limitation):

(i) whether the interested directors may vote (and be counted in the quorum at any meeting) in
relation to any decision relating to the relevant situation;

(ii) the exclusion of the interested directors from all information and discussion by the company
of the relevant situation; and

(iii) (without prejudice to the general obligations of confidentiality) the application to the
interested directors of a strict duty of confidentiality to the company for any confidential
information of the company in relation to the relevant situation.

Any authorisation given under paragraphs (a)(i) or (a){ii) may be withdrawn by either the directors or
the shareholders by giving notice to the director concerned.

An interested director must act in accordance with any terms determined by the directors or the
shareholders under paragraphs (a)(i) or (a)(ii).

Except as specified in paragraph (a), any proposal made to the directors and any authorisation by the
directors in relation to a relevant situation shall be dealt with in the same way as any other matter may
be proposed to and decided by the directors in accordance with the articles.

Any authorisation of a relevant situation given by the directors or the shareholders under paragraph (a)
may provide that, where the interested director obtains (other than through the director's position as a
director of the company) information that is confidential to a third party, the director will not be obliged
to disclose it to the company or to use it in relation to the company's affairs in circumstances where to
do so would amount to a breach of that confidence.

(i) If the directors make an authorisation under paragraph (a), impose or vary the terms of an
authorisation under paragraph (c), or withdraw an authorisation under paragraph (d), they
shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, notify the shareholders of this fact and provide, where
applicable, any relevant particulars regarding the authorisation or its terms.

(ii) If the shareholders make an authorisation under paragraph (a), impose or vary the terms of an
authorisation under paragraph (c), or withdraw an authorisation under paragraph (d), they


===== page 12 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: 05CA4433-7A72-424D-9541-320F 1E5C981A

(i)

18.

(a)

(b)

1)

(d)

(0)

9
shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, notify the directors of this fact and provide, where
applicable, any relevant particulars regarding the authorisation or its terms.

(i) A director shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, declare the nature and extent of the
director's interest in a relevant situation within paragraph (a)(i) or (a)(ii) to the other directors
and the shareholders.

Failure to comply with this requirement does not affect the underlying duty to make the
declaration of interest.

(ii) If a declaration of interest in relation to a relevant situation proves to be, or becomes,
inaccurate or incomplete, a further declaration must be made.

Directors’ interests generally and voting

Subject to the Companies Act and to articles 16 and 17, a director notwithstanding holding the office
of director:

(i) may be a party to, or otherwise interested or participate in, any transaction or arrangement
with the company or in which the company is otherwise interested, including any such
pensions, other benefits, transactions or arrangements as are referred to in article 26;

(ii) may act by personally or the director's firm in a professional capacity for the company (except
as auditor) and the director or the director's firm shall be entitled to remuneration as if the
director were not a director;

(iii) may be a director or other officer of, or employed by, or a party to any transaction or
arrangement with, or otherwise interested in, any body corporate promoted by the company
or in which the company is otherwise interested; and

(iv) _ shall not, by reason of holding the office of director (or of the fiduciary relationship established
by holding that office), be accountable to the company for any remuneration, profit or other
benefit resulting from any relevant situation authorised under article 17 or any interest
permitted under paragraphs (a)(i), (a)(ii), or (a)(iii), and no contract, transaction or
arrangement shall be liable to be avoided on the grounds of any director having an interest
authorised under article 17 or permitted under paragraphs (a)(i), (a)(ii), or (a)(iii).

Subject to articles 16 and 17 and to any contrary direction from the holders of a majority of the shares,
a director shall be entitled to vote on any decision concerning any matter in which the director has,
directly or indirectly, an interest or a duty.

In the case of an alternate director, an interest of the alternates appointor shall be treated as an interest
of the alternate in addition to any interest which the alternate otherwise has.

Subject to the Companies Act, the company may, by ordinary resolution or by notice in writing given
to the company by the holders of a majority of the shares, suspend or relax the provisions of this article
18 to any extent or ratify any contract, transaction or arrangement not duly authorised by reason of a
contravention of this article 18.

Where proposals are under consideration concerning the appointment of two or more directors to
offices or employments with the company or any body corporate in which the company is interested,


===== page 13 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: 05CA4433-7A72-424D-9541-320F 1E5C981A

(f)

(9)

19.

20.

21.
(a)

(b)

(c)

22.

10
the proposals may be divided and considered in relation to each director separately and (provided a
director is not otherwise precluded from voting) each of the directors concerned shall be entitled to
vote (and to form part of the quorum) in respect of each proposal except that concerning that director's
own appointment.

Subject to paragraph (g), if a question arises at a meeting of directors or of a committee of directors as
to the right of a director to participate in the meeting (or part of the meeting) for voting and quorum
purposes, the question may, before the conclusion of the meeting, be referred to the chair whose ruling
in relation to any director other than the chair is to be final and conclusive.

If any question as to the right to participate in the meeting (or part of the meeting) should arise in
respect of the chair, the question is to be decided by a decision of the directors at that meeting, for
which purpose the chair is not to be counted as participating in the meeting (or that part of the meeting)
for voting and quorum purposes.

Records of decisions to be kept

The directors must ensure that the company keeps a record, in writing, for at least 10 years from the
date of the decision recorded, of every unanimous or majority decision taken by the directors.

Directors’ discretion to make further rules

Subject to the articles, the directors may make any rule which they think fit about how they take
decisions, and about how such rules are to be recorded or communicated to directors.

APPOINTMENT OF DIRECTORS
Methods of appointing directors

Any person who is willing to act as a director, and is permitted by law to do so, may be appointed to
be a director:

(i) by ordinary resolution; or

(ii) by a decision of the directors.

In any case where, as a result of death, the company has no shareholders and no directors, the personal
representatives of the last shareholder to have died have the right, by notice in writing, to appoint a
person to be a director.

For the purposes of paragraph (b), where 2 or more shareholders die in circumstances rendering it
uncertain who was the last to die, a younger shareholder is deemed to have survived an older
shareholder.

Termination of director's appointment

A person ceases to be a director as soon as:

(a) that person ceases to be a director by virtue of any provision of the Companies Act or is
prohibited from being a director by law;

10


===== page 14 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: 05CA4433-7A72-424D-9541-320F 1E5C981A

23.

24.

(a)

(b)

()

@)

25.

i
(b) a bankruptcy order is made against that person;

(c) a composition is made with that person's creditors generally in satisfaction of that person's
debts;

(d) a registered medical practitioner who has examined the director gives a written opinion to the
company stating that that person has become physically or mentally incapable of acting as a
director and may remain so for more than three months; or

(e) notification is received by the company from the director that the director is resigning from
office, and such resignation has taken effect in accordance with its terms.

Appointment and termination of appointments of directors by majority shareholders

The holders of the majority of the shares may appoint any person as a director and may remove any
director. Any appointment or removal shall be made by notice in writing to the company signed by the
holders or on their behalf and shall take effect when it is lodged at the registered office or produced at
any directors' meeting. Articles 21 and 22 shall be amended accordingly.

Directors’ services and remuneration

Directors may undertake any services for the company that the directors decide and the company may
enter into a contract of service with any director on such terms as the directors think fit.

Any appointment of a director to an executive office shall terminate if that person ceases to be a
director but without prejudice to any claim to damages for breach of contract of service between the
director and the company.

Directors are entitled to such remuneration as the directors determine:

(i) for their services to the company as directors; and

(ii) for any other service which they undertake for the company.

Subject to the articles, a director's remuneration may take any form.

Unless the directors decide otherwise, directors’ remuneration accrues from day to day.

Directors’ expenses

The company may pay any reasonable expenses which the directors, alternate directors and the
company secretary (if any) properly incur in connection with their attendance at:

(a) meetings of directors or committees of directors;
(b) general meetings; or
(c) separate meetings of the holders of any class of shares or of debentures of the company,

or otherwise in connection with the exercise of their powers and the discharge of their responsibilities
in relation to the company.

11


===== page 15 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: 05CA4433-7A72-424D-9541-320F 1E5C981A

26.

27.

(a)

(b)

©)

12

Directors’ pensions and other benefits

The directors may exercise all the powers of the company to:

(a)

(b)

©)

pay, provide, arrange or procure the grant of pensions or other retirement benefits, death,
disability or sickness benefits, health, accident and other insurances or other such benefits,
allowances, gratuities or insurances, including in relation to the termination of employment,
to or for the benefit of any person who is or has been at any time a director of the company or
in the employment or service of the company or of any body corporate which is or was
associated with the company or of the predecessors in business of the company or any such
associated body corporate, or the relatives or dependants of any such person. For that purpose,
the directors may procure the establishment and maintenance of, or participation in, or
contribution to, any pension fund, scheme or arrangement and the payment of any insurance
premiums;

establish, maintain, adopt and enable participation in any profit sharing or incentive scheme
including shares, share options or cash or any similar schemes for the benefit of any director
or employee of the company or of any associated body corporate, and to lend money to any
such director or employee or to trustees on their behalf to enable any such schemes to be
established, maintained or adopted; and

support and subscribe to any institution or association which may be for the benefit of the
company or associated body corporate or any directors or employees of the company or
associated body corporate or their relatives or dependants or connected with any town or place
where the company or an associated body corporate carries on business, and to support and
subscribe to any charitable or public object whatsoever.

ALTERNATE DIRECTORS

Appointment and removal of alternates

Any director (the appointor) may appoint as an alternate any other director, or any other person to:

(i)
(i)

exercise that director's powers; and

carry out that director's responsibilities,

in relation to the taking of decisions by the directors in the absence of the alternate’s appointor.

Any appointment or removal of an alternate must be effected by notice in writing to the company
signed by the appointor, or in any other manner approved by the directors.

The notice must:

(i)
(i)

identify the proposed alternate; and

in the case of a notice of appointment, contain a statement signed by the proposed alternate
that the proposed alternate is willing to act as the alternate of the director giving the notice.

12


===== page 16 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: 05CA4433-7A72-424D-9541-320F 1E5C981A

28.
(@)

(b)

©

@

29.

30.

13
Rights and responsibilities of alternate directors

Subject to the articles, an alternate may act as an alternate director to more than one director and has
the same rights, in relation to any decision of the directors as the alternate's appointor.

Except as the articles specify otherwise, alternate directors:

(i) are deemed for all purposes to be directors;

(ii) are liable for their own acts and omissions;

(iii) are subject to the same restrictions as their appointors; and
(iv) _ are not deemed to be agents of or for their appointors,

and, in particular, each alternate director shall be entitled to receive notice of all directors’ meetings
and of all committee meetings of directors of which the alternate director's appointor is a member.

Subject to the articles, a person who is an alternate director but not a director:

(i) may be counted as participating for the purposes of determining whether a quorum is present
(but only if that person's appointor is not participating); and

(ii) may otherwise participate in a unanimous decision of the directors (but only if the alternate
director's appointor is an eligible director in relation to that decision and is not participating).

No alternate may be counted as more than one director for such purposes.

An alternate director is not entitled to receive any remuneration from the company for serving as an
alternate director except such part of the alternate’s appointor's remuneration as the appointor may
direct by notice in writing made to the company.

Alternates voting at directors’ meetings

Subject to the articles, a director who is also an alternate director has an additional vote at a directors’
meeting on behalf of each appointor who is:

(a) not participating in the directors' meeting; and
(b) would have been an eligible director if participating in it personally.

No alternate may be counted as more than one director for the purpose of determining whether a
quorum is present.

Termination of alternate directorship
An alternate director's appointment as an alternate terminates:

(a) when the alternate's appointor revokes the appointment by notice to the company in writing
specifying when it is to terminate;

13


===== page 17 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: 05CA4433-7A72-424D-9541-320F 1E5C981A

31.

32.
(a)

(b)

33.

()

(b)

©

(a)
()

(f)

(b) on the occurrence in relation to the alternate of any event which, if it occurred in relation to
the alternate's appointor, would result in the termination of the appointor's appointment as a
director;

(c) on the death of the alternate's appointor;

(d) when the alternate's appointor's appointment as a director terminates; or

(e) where the directors otherwise decide.

COMPANY NAME

Directors’ power to change company name

The directors may change the name of the company.

SHARES AND DISTRIBUTIONS — SHARES

All shares to be fully paid up

No share is to be issued for less than the aggregate of its nominal value and any premium to be paid
to the company in consideration for its issue.

This does not apply to shares taken on the formation of the company by the subscribers to the
company's memorandum.

Powers to allot shares

The directors are generally and unconditionally authorised, in accordance with section 551 of the
Companies Act, to exercise all the powers of the company to allot shares in the company or to grant
rights to subscribe for or convert any security into shares in the company, up to a maximum nominal
amount of £10,000,000 or €10,000,000 (as applicable).

The authority contained in article 33(a) shall expire on the day five years after the date of the adoption
of these articles but the company may, before the authority expires, make an offer or agreement which
would or might require shares to be allotted or rights to be granted after it expires.

Subject to the articles, but without prejudice to article 33(a) or to the rights attached to any existing
share, the company may issue further classes of shares with such rights or restrictions as may be
determined by ordinary resolution.

Sections 561 and 562 of the Companies Act are excluded.

The company may issue shares which are to be redeemed, or are liable to be redeemed at the option
of the company or the holder, and the directors may determine the terms, conditions and manner of
redemption of any such shares.

In the event that rights and restrictions attaching to shares are determined by ordinary resolution or by
the directors pursuant to this article, those rights and restrictions shall apply, in particular in place of
any rights or restrictions that would otherwise apply by virtue of the Companies Act in the absence of
any provisions in the articles of a company, as if those rights and restrictions were set out in the articles.

14


===== page 18 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: 05CA4433-7A72-424D-9541-320F 1E5C981A

34.

36.
@)

(b)

()
@)
€)

36.
(a)

(b)

15
Company not bound by less than absolute interests

Except as required by law, no person is to be recognised by the company as holding any share upon
any trust, and except as otherwise required by law or the articles, the company is not in any way to be
bound by or recognise any interest in a share other than the holder's absolute ownership of it and all
the rights attaching to it.

Share certificates

The company must issue each shareholder, free of charge, with one or more certificates in respect of
the shares which that shareholder holds.

Every certificate must specify:

(i) in respect of how many shares, of what class, it is issued;

(ii) the nominal value of those shares;

(iii) that the shares are fully paid; and

(iv) _ any distinguishing numbers assigned to them.

No certificate may be issued in respect of shares of more than one class.

If more than one person holds a share, only one certificate may be issued in respect of it.
Certificates must:

(i) have affixed to them the company’s common or official seal and in the case of an official seal,
unless otherwise determined by the directors, the certificate does not need to be signed; or

(ii) be otherwise executed in accordance with the Companies Act.

Replacement share certificates

If a certificate issued in respect of a shareholder's shares is:

(i) damaged or defaced; or

(ii) said to be lost, stolen or destroyed,

that shareholder is entitled to be issued with a replacement certificate in respect of the same shares.
A shareholder exercising the right to be issued with such a replacement certificate:

(i) may at the same time exercise the right to be issued with a single certificate or separate
certificates;

(ii) must return the certificate which is to be replaced to the company if it is damaged or defaced;
and

15


===== page 19 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: 05CA4433-7A72-424D-9541-320F 1E5C981A

37.

()

(b)

©

@

(f)

(9)

(h)

16
(iii) must comply with such conditions as to evidence, indemnity and the payment of a reasonable
fee as the directors decide.

Share rights and restrictions
Income and dividends

Subject to: (i) the board recommending payment of the same; and (ii) the remaining provisions of this
article 37 (including prior payment of any preference dividend due under article 37(b)) any available
profits which the company may determine to distribute in respect of any financial year shall be
distributed amongst the holders of the ordinary shares according to the number of such ordinary shares
held by the relevant holder of the ordinary shares at the relevant time.

The company shall, without resolution of the board or of the shareholders and before application of
any profits to reserve or for any other purpose, accrue in respect of each preference share a fixed
cumulative preferential dividend (the preference dividend).

The preference dividend will accrue at the annual rate of 5.25% (subject to the margin ratchet
applicable to Facility B under and as defined in the Senior Facilities Agreement, mutatis mutandis)
plus EURIBOR (together, the interest rate) of the issue price per preference share accruing and
compounding in line with the relevant interest periods selected under the Senior Facilities Agreement
and/or the accrual and compounding of interest under the Senior Facilities Agreement.

The preference dividend shall be paid on the date of redemption of the relevant shares, to the person
registered as the holder of the relevant share or shares on that date. The preference dividend shall be
deemed to accrue from day to day after as well as before the commencement of a winding up and shall
therefore be payable by a liquidator in respect of any period after such commencement in priority to
other claims or rights of shareholders in respect of share capital.

The preference dividend shall, provided the company has sufficient available profits out of which to
pay the same and notwithstanding that such dividend is expressed to be cumulative, automatically
become a debt due from and immediately payable by the company on the relevant payment date
specified in article 37(d).

Where by reason of the company having insufficient available profits it is in arrears with the payment
of any preference dividend, the first available profits arising thereafter shall be applied first, in or
towards paying off: (i) first all accruals and/or unpaid amounts of preference dividend; and (ii) second
in or towards redeeming all preference shares which have not been redeemed on or by their due date
for redemption in accordance with articles 37(h) to 37(r) (inclusive).

The company shall procure (so far as it is able) that each of its subsidiaries and each of its subsidiary
undertakings which has available profits shall, from time to time, declare and pay to the company (or,
as the case may be, the relevant group company that is the immediate holding company or parent
undertaking) such dividends as are necessary to permit lawful and prompt payment by the company
of preference dividends and the redemption of any preference shares on their due date for redemption.
Redemption rights

The preference shares shall be redeemed as follows:

16


===== page 20 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: 05CA4433-7A72-424D-9541-320F 1E5C981A

10)

(k)

)

(m)

(n)

(0)

(p)

@

17
(i) the company may, with the prior written consent from the holders of the relevant preference
shares, redeem the preference shares at any time; and

(ii) the company shall redeem all the preference shares then in issue on the Facilities Redemption
Date and in any event on the date falling 84 months following the Closing Date of the Senior
Facilities Agreement.

Where preference shares are to be redeemed in accordance with article 37(h), the company shall give
to the holders of the preference shares falling to be redeemed prior notice in writing of the redemption
(a company redemption notice). The company redemption notice shall specify the particular
preference shares to be redeemed and the date fixed for redemption.

Notwithstanding article 37(h), the holders of preference shares may at any time require the company,
by serving on it a notice (a shareholder redemption notice), to redeem such amount of preference
shares as is specified in the shareholder redemption notice.

The holders of the preference shares in issue at the relevant time shall be entitled to withdraw the
shareholder redemption notice if they serve the company with written notice to that effect before the
redemption takes place.

Where a shareholder redemption notice has been duly given, the company shall be obliged, subject to
having sufficient available profits with which to redeem the same, to redeem the preference shares
specified in the shareholder redemption notice on the second business day following the receipt of
such notice (or such earlier date agreed between the company and the holders of the preference shares
to be redeemed) (which day shall be the date fixed for redemption).

If the company is unable, because of having insufficient available profits or because of the provisions
of article 48 (Overriding provisions), to redeem in full the relevant number of preference shares on the
date fixed for redemption, the company shall redeem as many of such preference shares as can lawfully
and properly be redeemed and the company shall redeem the balance as soon as it is lawfully and
properly able to do so.

If the company is at any time redeeming fewer than all the preference shares from time to time in issue,
the number of preference shares to be redeemed shall be apportioned between those holders of
preference shares pro rata according to the number of preference shares held by them respectively at
the date fixed for redemption.

On the date fixed for redemption, each of the holders of the preference shares falling to be redeemed
shall be bound to deliver to the company, at the company's registered office, the certificate(s) for such
preference shares (or an indemnity, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the board, in respect of any
lost certificate) in order that the same may be cancelled. Upon such delivery, the company shall pay
to the holder (or, in the case of any joint holders, to the holder whose name stands first in the company's
register of members in respect of such shares) the amount due in respect of such redemption against
delivery of a proper receipt for the redemption monies.

If any certificate delivered to the company pursuant to article 37(0) includes any preference shares not
falling to be redeemed on the date fixed for redemption, a new certificate in respect of those shares
shall be issued to the holders(s) thereof as soon as practicable thereafter (and in any event, within 20
business days thereafter).

There shall be paid on the redemption of each preference share an amount equal to:

17


===== page 21 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: 05CA4433-7A72-424D-9541-320F 1E5C981A

()

(s)

()

(u)
)

18
(i) 100% of the issue price thereof; and

(ii) all accruals and/or unpaid amounts of preference dividend in respect thereof, calculated down
to and including the date of actual payment,

and such aggregate amount shall, subject to the company having available profits or other monies
which may be lawfully applied for such redemption, at that time become a debt due from and
immediately payable by the company to the holders of the preference shares.

If the company is unable to pay the amounts referred to in article 37(q) in full on a date fixed for
redemption by reason of having insufficient available profits or not having other monies which may
be lawfully applied for such redemption, then the amount so unpaid shall be increased by an amount
equal to the interest which would have accrued had the interest on the unpaid amount been charged at
the interest rate in respect of the period from and including the due date down.

Return of capital rights

On a return of capital on liquidation or otherwise (except on a redemption or purchase by the company
of any shares), the surplus assets of the company remaining after the payment of its liabilities
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any debts arising from non-payment of preference dividend)
and all other sums payable in priority shall be applied in the following order:

(i) in priority to any payments to be made pursuant to article 37(s)(ii), in paying to each holder
of preference shares in respect of each preference share of which it is the holder, an amount
equal to: (i) 100% of the issue price thereof; and (ii) the aggregate amount of any accruals
and/or unpaid amounts of preference dividend attributable to each such preference share, in
respect of which each such preference share shall rank pari passu, such that the preference
dividends shall be paid pro rata to the relevant holder's holding of preference shares until such
point as, in respect of any preference share, the issue price and the accrued preference dividend
have been paid (to be calculated down to and including the date of the return of capital and to
be payable irrespective of whether such dividend would have been unlawful by reason of there
being insufficient available profits); and

(ii) the balance of such assets (if any) after all payments to be made in priority shall be distributed
amongst the holders of the ordinary shares according to the number of such ordinary shares
held by the relevant ordinary shareholder at the relevant time.

The preference shares shall not confer on the holders of such preference shares any right of
participation in the distribution of assets of the company on a return of capital beyond the amount of
issue price and accrued but unpaid preference dividends on such preference shares at the time of
distribution.

Voting

Every holder of ordinary shares shall have one vote in respect of every ordinary share held by him.
The preference shares shall carry no right to receive notice of, attend or vote in any circumstances at
any general meeting of the company or vote for the purposes of any written resolution of the company

(other than in respect of a variation of the class rights of the preference shares in accordance with
article 57).

18


===== page 22 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: 05CA4433-7A72-424D-9541-320F 1E5C981A

38.
(@)

(b)

©)
@

€)

(f)

ig
Share transfers

Shares may be transferred by means of an instrument of transfer in any usual form or any other form
approved by the directors, which is executed by or on behalf of the transferor.

No fee may be charged for registering any instrument of transfer or other document relating to or
affecting the title to any share.

The company may retain any instrument of transfer which is registered.

The transferor remains the holder of a share until the transferee’s name is entered in the register of
members as holder of it.

The directors may refuse to register the transfer of a share unless:

(i) it is lodged at the registered office or at such place as the directors may appoint and is
accompanied by the certificate for the shares to which it relates and such other evidence as the
directors may reasonably require to show the right of the transferor to make the transfer;

(ii) it is in respect of one class of shares only; and
(iii) it is in favour of not more than four transferees.

Notwithstanding anything contained in these articles, the directors shall not decline to register (or
suspend the registration of) any transfer of shares where such transfer:

(i) is to:

(A) a bank or financial institution or to a trust, fund or other entity which is regularly
engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans,
securities or other financial assets or to an affiliate thereof (any such entity a financial
institution) or to any holders of any bonds or notes issued by the company or any of
its subsidiaries or holding companies (bond holders) or an agent or trustee for any
financial institution and/or any bond holders where a security interest has been or is
purported to be granted over those shares (each a security) that benefits a financial
institution and/or any bond holders; and/or

(B) a company or other entity to whom such shares are transferred at the direction of a
financial institution and/or any bond holders or any agent or trustee on their behalf
and/or any administrative receiver, administrator, receiver or receiver and manager or
similar entity (a receiver) pursuant to powers granted to it under any security; and

(ii) is delivered to the company for registration in order to perfect or protect any security of a
financial institution and/or any bond holders; or

(iii) is executed by a financial institution and/or any bond holders or any agent or trustee on their
behalf or receiver pursuant to a power of sale or other such power under any security.

19


===== page 23 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: 05CA4433-7A72-424D-9541-320F 1E5C981A

39.
(@)

(b)

40.

(a)

(b)

(©)

41.

42.

(a)

(b)

(c)

20
Transmission of shares

If title to a share passes to a transmittee, the company may only recognise the transmittee as having
any title to that share.

A transmittee who produces such evidence of entitlement to shares as the directors may properly
require:

(i) may, subject to the articles, choose either to become the holder of those shares or to have them
transferred to another person; and

(ii) subject to the articles, and pending any transfer of the shares to another person, has the same
rights as the holder had.

But transmittees do not have the right to attend or vote at a general meeting, or agree to a proposed
written resolution, in respect of shares to which they are entitled, by reason of the holder's death or
bankruptcy or otherwise, unless they become the holders of those shares.

Exercise of transmittees’ rights

Transmittees who wish to become the holders of shares to which they have become entitled must notify
the company in writing of that wish.

If the transmittee wishes to have a share transferred to another person, the transmittee must execute an
instrument of transfer in respect of it.

Any transfer made or executed under this article 40 is to be treated as if it were made or executed by
the person from whom the transmittee has derived rights in respect of the share, and as if the event
which gave rise to the transmission had not occurred.
Transmittees bound by prior notices
If a notice is given to a shareholder in respect of shares and a transmittee (or a transferee nominated
by such transmittee pursuant to article 40) is entitled to those shares, the transmittee (or transferee) is
bound by the notice if it was given to the shareholder before the transmittee's (or transferee's) name
has been entered in the register of members.

DIVIDENDS AND OTHER DISTRIBUTIONS
Procedure for declaring dividends

The company may by ordinary resolution declare dividends, and the directors may decide to pay
interim dividends.

A dividend must not be declared unless the directors have made a recommendation as to its amount.
Such a dividend must not exceed the amount recommended by the directors.

No dividend may be declared or paid unless it is in accordance with shareholders’ respective rights.

20


===== page 24 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: 05CA4433-7A72-424D-9541-320F 1E5C981A

1)

()

(f)

(9)

43,

(a)

(b)

(c)

21
Unless the shareholders’ resolution to declare or directors’ decision to pay a dividend, or the terms on
which shares are issued, specify otherwise, it must be paid by reference to each shareholder's holding
of shares on the date of the resolution or decision to declare or pay it.

If the company's share capital is divided into different classes, no interim dividend may be paid on
shares carrying deferred or non-preferred rights if, at the time of payment, any preferential dividend is
in arrear.

The directors may pay at intervals any dividend payable at a fixed rate if it appears to them that the
profits available for distribution justify the payment.

If the directors act in good faith, they do not incur any liability to the holders of shares conferring
preferred rights for any loss they may suffer by the lawful payment of an interim dividend on shares
with deferred or non-preferred rights.

Payment of dividends and other distributions

Where a dividend or other sum which is a distribution is payable in respect of a share, it must be paid
by one or more of the following means:

(i) transfer to a bank or building society account specified by the distribution recipient either in
writing or as the directors may otherwise decide;

(ii) sending a cheque made payable to the distribution recipient by post to the distribution recipient
at the distribution recipient's registered address (if the distribution recipient is a holder of the
share), or (in any other case) to an address specified by the distribution recipient either in
writing or as the directors may otherwise decide;

(iii) sending a cheque made payable to such person by post to such person at such address as the
distribution recipient has specified either in writing or as the directors may otherwise decide;
or

(iv) any other means of payment as the directors agree with the distribution recipient either in
writing or by such other means as the directors decide.

In the articles, the distribution recipient means, in respect of a share in respect of which a dividend
or other sum is payable:

(i) the holder of the share; or

(ii) if the share has two or more joint holders, whichever of them is named first in the register of
members; or

(iii) if the holder is no longer entitled to the share by reason of death or bankruptcy, or otherwise
by operation of law, the transmittee.

21


===== page 25 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: 05CA4433-7A72-424D-9541-320F 1E5C981A

44,

45,

)

(b)

©

46.

(a)

(b)

22
No interest on distributions

The company may not pay interest on any dividend or other sum payable in respect of a share unless
otherwise provided by:

(a) the terms on which the share was issued; or

(b) the provisions of another agreement between the holder of that share and the company.
Unclaimed distributions

All dividends or other sums which are:

(i) payable in respect of shares; and

(ii) unclaimed after having been declared or become payable,

may be invested or otherwise made use of by the directors for the benefit of the company until claimed.

The payment of any such dividend or other sum into a separate account does not make the company a
trustee in respect of it.

If:

(i) twelve years have passed from the date on which a dividend or other sum became due for
payment; and

(ii) the distribution recipient has not claimed it,

the distribution recipient is no longer entitled to that dividend or other sum and it ceases to remain
owing by the company.

Non-cash distributions

Subject to the terms of issue of the share in question, the company may, by ordinary resolution on the
recommendation of the directors, decide to pay all or part of a dividend or other distribution payable
in respect of a share by transferring non-cash assets of equivalent value (including, without limitation,
shares or other securities in any company).

For the purposes of paying a non-cash distribution, the directors may make whatever arrangements
they think fit, including, where any difficulty arises regarding the distribution:

(i) fixing the value of any assets;

(ii) paying cash to any distribution recipient on the basis of that value in order to adjust the rights
of recipients; and

(iii) vesting any assets in trustees.

22


===== page 26 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: 05CA4433-7A72-424D-9541-320F 1E5C981A

47.

(a)

48,

49,

50.

()

(b)

(c)

@

23
Waiver of distributions

Distribution recipients may waive their entitlement to a dividend or other distribution payable in
respect of a share by giving the company notice in writing to that effect, but if:

(i) the share has more than one holder; or

(ii) more than one person is entitled to the share, whether by reason of the death or bankruptcy of
one or more joint holders, or otherwise,

the notice is not effective unless it is expressed to be given, and signed, by all the holders or persons
otherwise entitled to the share.

Overriding provisions

The company shall not pay any dividends on its shares or purchase its shares if to do so would cause
the company to be in breach of the provisions of any Financing Document.

SHARE BUYBACKS
Buybacks out of capital

The company may purchase its own shares in accordance with (and up to the maximum limits set out
in) section 692(1ZA) of the Companies Act.

CAPITALISATION OF PROFITS

Authority to capitalise and appropriation of capitalised sums

Subject to the articles, the directors may, if they are so authorised by an ordinary resolution:

(i) decide to capitalise any profits of the company (whether or not they are available for
distribution) which are not required for paying a preferential dividend, or any sum standing to
the credit of the company’s share premium account or capital redemption reserve; and

(ii) appropriate any sum which they so decide to capitalise (a capitalised sum) to the persons who
would have been entitled to it if it were distributed by way of dividend (the persons entitled)
and in the same proportions.

Capitalised sums must be applied:

(i) on behalf of the persons entitled; and

(ii) in the same proportions as a dividend would have been distributed to them.

Any capitalised sum may be applied in paying up new shares of a nominal amount equal to the

capitalised sum which are then allotted credited as fully paid to the persons entitled or as they may

direct.

A capitalised sum which was appropriated from profits available for distribution may be applied in

paying up new debentures of the company which are then allotted credited as fully paid to the persons
entitled or as they may direct.

23


===== page 27 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: 05CA4433-7A72-424D-9541-320F 1E5C981A

@

51.

52.

(a)

(b)

©

(a)

)

53.

24
Subject to the articles the directors may:

(i) apply capitalised sums in accordance with paragraphs (c) and (d) partly in one way and partly
in another;

(ii) make such arrangements as they think fit to deal with shares or debentures becoming
distributable in fractions under this article 50 (including the issuing of fractional certificates
or the making of cash payments); and

(iii) authorise any person to enter into an agreement with the company on behalf of all the persons
entitled which is binding on them in respect of the allotment of shares and debentures to them
under this article 50.

DECISION-MAKING BY SHAREHOLDERS —- ORGANISATION OF GENERAL MEETINGS

Notice of general meeting

A shareholder present either in person or by proxy, at any general meeting of the company shall be
deemed to have received notice of the meeting and, where requisite, of the purposes for which the
meeting was convened.

Attendance and speaking at general meetings

A person is able to exercise the right to speak at a general meeting when that person is in a position to
communicate to all those attending the meeting, during the meeting, any information or opinions which
that person has on the business of the meeting.

A person is able to exercise the right to vote at a general meeting when:

(i) that person is able to vote, during the meeting, on resolutions put to the vote at the meeting;
and

(ii) that person's vote can be taken into account in determining whether or not such resolutions are
passed at the same time as the votes of all the other persons attending the meeting.

The directors may make whatever arrangements they consider appropriate to enable those attending a
general meeting to exercise their rights to speak or vote at it.

In determining attendance at a general meeting, it is immaterial whether any two or more shareholders
attending it are in the same place as each other.

Two or more persons who are not in the same place as each other attend a general meeting if their
circumstances are such that if they have (or were to have) rights to speak and vote at that meeting, they
are (or would be) able to exercise them.

Quorum for general meetings

No business other than the appointment of the chair of the meeting is to be transacted at a general
meeting if the persons attending it do not constitute a quorum.

24


===== page 28 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: 05CA4433-7A72-424D-9541-320F 1E5C981A

54.

(a)

(b)

(c)

55.
(a)
(b)

56.
@

(b)

(c)
(d)

25
Chairing general meetings

If the directors have appointed a chair, the chair shall chair general meetings if present and willing to
do so.

If the directors have not appointed a chair, or if the chair is unwilling to chair the meeting or is not
present within ten minutes of the time at which a meeting was due to start:

(i) the directors present; or
(ii) (if no directors are present), the meeting,

must appoint a director or shareholder (including a proxy or a corporate representative) to chair the
meeting, and the appointment of the chair of the meeting must be the first business of the meeting.

The person chairing a meeting in accordance with this article 54 is referred to as the chair of the
meeting.

Attendance and speaking by directors and non-shareholders

Directors may attend and speak at general meetings, whether or not they are shareholders.

The chair of the meeting may permit other persons who are not:

(i) shareholders of the company; or

(ii) otherwise entitled to exercise the rights of shareholders in relation to general meetings,

to attend and speak at a general meeting.

Adjournment

If the persons attending a general meeting within half an hour of the time at which the meeting was

due to start do not constitute a quorum, or if during a meeting a quorum ceases to be present, the chair

of the meeting must adjourn it.

The chair of the meeting may adjourn a general meeting at which a quorum is present if:

(i) the meeting consents to an adjournment; or

(ii) it appears to the chair of the meeting that an adjournment is necessary to protect the safety of
any person attending the meeting or ensure that the business of the meeting is conducted in an
orderly manner.

The chair of the meeting must adjourn a general meeting if directed to do so by the meeting.

When adjourning a general meeting, the chair of the meeting must:

(i) either specify the time and place to which it is adjourned or state that it is to continue at a time
and place to be fixed by the directors; and

25


===== page 29 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: 05CA4433-7A72-424D-9541-320F 1E5C981A

()

(f)

57.

(a)

(b)

58.

(a)

(b)

59.

(a)

(b)

26
(ii) have regard to any directions as to the time and place of any adjournment which have been
given by the meeting.
If the continuation of an adjourned meeting is to take place more than 14 days after it was adjourned,
the company must give at least 7 clear days' notice of it (that is, excluding the day of the adjourned
meeting and the day on which the notice is given):

(i) to the same persons to whom notice of the company's general meetings is required to be given;
and

(ii) containing the same information which such notice is required to contain.

No business may be transacted at an adjourned general meeting which could not properly have been
transacted at the meeting if the adjournment had not taken place.

VOTING AT GENERAL MEETINGS
Voting: general

A resolution put to the vote of a general meeting must be decided on a show of hands unless a poll is
duly demanded in accordance with the articles.

Whenever the capital of the company is divided into different classes of shares, all or any of the rights
for the time being attached to any class of shares in issue may from time to time (whether or not the
company is being wound up) be varied with the consent in writing of the holders of three-fourths in
nominal value of the issued shares of that class or with the sanction of a special resolution passed at a
separate general meeting of the holders of those shares.

Errors and disputes

No objection may be raised to the qualification of any person voting at a general meeting except at the
meeting or adjourned meeting at which the vote objected to is tendered, and every vote not disallowed
at the meeting is valid.

Any such objection must be referred to the chair of the meeting, whose decision is final.

Poll votes

A poll on a resolution may be demanded:

(i) in advance of the general meeting where it is to be put to the vote; or

(ii) at a general meeting, either before a show of hands on that resolution or immediately after the
result of a show of hands on that resolution is declared.

A poll may be demanded by:
(i) the chair of the meeting;
(ii) the directors;

(iii) two or more persons having the right to vote on the resolution; or

26


===== page 30 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: 05CA4433-7A72-424D-9541-320F 1E5C981A

(d)
60.
(a)

(b)

1)

@)

61.

(a)

(b)

©)

(iv) a person or persons representing not less than one-tenth of the total voting rights of all the
shareholders having the right to vote on the resolution.

A demand for a poll may be withdrawn if:

(i) the poll has not yet been taken; and

(ii) the chair of the meeting consents to the withdrawal.

Polls must be taken immediately and in such manner as the chair of the meeting directs.

Content of proxy notices

Proxies may only validly be appointed by a notice in writing (a proxy notice) which:

(i) states the name and address of the shareholder appointing the proxy;

(ii) identifies the person appointed to be that shareholder's proxy and the general meeting in
relation to which that person is appointed;

(iii) is signed by or on behalf of the shareholder appointing the proxy, or is authenticated in such
manner as the directors may determine; and

(iv) is delivered to the company in accordance with the articles and any instructions contained in
the notice of the general meeting (or adjourned meeting) to which they relate.

The company may require proxy notices to be delivered in a particular form, and may specify different
forms for different purposes.

Proxy notices may specify how the proxy appointed under them is to vote (or that the proxy is to
abstain from voting) on one or more resolutions.

Unless a proxy notice indicates otherwise, it must be treated as:

(i) allowing the person appointed under it as a proxy discretion as to how to vote on any ancillary
or procedural resolutions put to the meeting; and

(ii) appointing that person as a proxy in relation to any adjournment of the general meeting to
which it relates as well as the meeting itself.

Delivery of proxy notices etc.

A person who is entitled to attend, speak or vote (either on a show of hands or on a poll) at a general
meeting remains so entitled in respect of that meeting or any adjournment of it, even though a valid
proxy notice has been delivered to the company by or on behalf of that person.

An appointment under a proxy notice may be revoked by delivering to the company a notice in writing
given by or on behalf of the person by whom or on whose behalf the proxy notice was given.

A notice revoking a proxy appointment only takes effect if it is delivered before the start of the meeting
or adjourned meeting to which it relates.

27


===== page 31 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: 05CA4433-7A72-424D-9541-320F 1E5C981A

1)

62.

(a)

(b)

()

63.
(@)

(b)

©

64.

)

28
If a proxy notice is not executed by the person appointing the proxy, it must be accompanied by written
evidence of the authority of the person who executed it to execute it on the appointor's behalf.

Amendments to resolutions
An ordinary resolution to be proposed at a general meeting may be amended by ordinary resolution if:

(i) notice of the proposed amendment is given to the company in writing by a person entitled to
vote at the general meeting at which it is to be proposed not less than 48 hours before the
meeting is to take place (or such later time as the chair of the meeting may determine); and

(ii) the proposed amendment does not, in the reasonable opinion of the chair of the meeting,
materially alter the scope of the resolution.

A special resolution to be proposed at a general meeting may be amended by ordinary resolution, if:

(i) the chair of the meeting proposes the amendment at the general meeting at which the resolution
is to be proposed; and

(ii) the amendment does not go beyond what is necessary to correct a grammatical or other
non-substantive error in the resolution.

If the chair of the meeting, acting in good faith, wrongly decides that an amendment to a resolution is
out of order, the chair's error does not invalidate the vote on that resolution.

ADMINISTRATIVE ARRANGEMENTS
Means of communication to be used

Subject to the articles, anything sent or supplied by or to the company under the articles may be sent
or supplied in any way in which the Companies Act provides for documents or information which are
authorised or required by any provision of that Act to be sent or supplied by or to the company.

Subject to the articles, any notice or document to be sent or supplied to a director in connection with
the taking of decisions by directors may also be sent or supplied by the means by which that director
has asked to be sent or supplied with such notices or documents for the time being.

A director may agree with the company that notices or documents sent to that director in a particular
way are to be deemed to have been received within a specified time of their being sent, and for the
specified time to be less than 48 hours.

When a communication from the company is deemed received

Any document or information, if sent by first class post, shall be deemed to have been received on the
day following that on which the envelope containing it is put into the post, or, if sent by second class
post, shall be deemed to have been received on the second day following that on which the envelope
containing it is put into the post and in proving that a document or information has been received it
shall be sufficient to prove that the letter, envelope or wrapper containing the document or information
was properly addressed, prepaid and put into the post.

28


===== page 32 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: 05CA4433-7A72-424D-9541-320F 1E5C981A

(b)

@

@

(f)

65.

66.
(a)
(b)
(c)

@

29
Any document or information not sent by post but left at a registered address or address at which a
document or information may be received shall be deemed to have been received on the day it was so
left.

Any document or information, if sent or supplied by electronic means, shall be deemed to have been
received on the day on which the document or information was sent or supplied by or on behalf of the
company.

If the company receives a delivery failure notification following a communication by electronic means
in accordance with paragraph (c), the company shall send or supply the document or information in
hard copy or electronic form (but not by electronic means) to the shareholder either personally or by
post addressed to the shareholder at the shareholder's registered address or by leaving it at that address.
This shall not affect when the document or information was deemed to be received in accordance with
paragraph (c).

Where a document or information is sent or supplied by means of a website, it shall be deemed to have
been received:

(i) when the material was first made available on the website; or

(ii) if later, when the recipient was deemed to have received notice of the fact that the material
was available on the website.

Every person who becomes entitled to a share shall be bound by every notice in respect of that share
which before that person's name is entered in the register of members was given to the person from
whom the person derives title to the share.

Notices in writing given to the company by majority shareholders

Any notice in writing given to the company by the holders of a majority of the shares shall take effect
when it is lodged at the registered office or produced to any directors' meeting.

Company seals

Any common seal may only be used by the authority of the directors or of a committee of the directors.
The directors may decide by what means and in what form any common seal is to be used.

Unless otherwise decided by the directors, if the company has a common seal and it is affixed to a
document, the document must also be signed by at least one authorised person in the presence of a
witness who attests the signature.

For the purposes of this article 66, an authorised person is:

(i) any director of the company;

(ii) the company secretary (if any); or

(iii) any person authorised by the directors for the purpose of signing documents to which the
common seal is applied.

29


===== page 33 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: 05CA4433-7A72-424D-9541-320F 1E5C981A

@

67.

68.

69.

70.

(a)

(b)

30
The company may exercise the powers conferred by the Companies Act with regard to having official
seals and those powers shall be vested in the directors. Subject to the Companies Act, any instrument
to which an official seal is affixed shall be signed by such persons, if any, and affixed in such manner
as the directors may from time to time determine.

No right to inspect accounts and other records

Except as provided by law or authorised by the directors or an ordinary resolution of the company, no
person is entitled to inspect any of the company's accounting or other records or documents merely by
virtue of being a shareholder.

Provision for employees on cessation of business

The directors may decide to make provision for the benefit of persons employed or formerly employed
by the company or any of its subsidiaries (other than a director or former director or shadow director)
in connection with the cessation or transfer to any person of the whole or part of the undertaking of
the company or that subsidiary.

WINDING UP
Winding up

If the company is wound up, the liquidator may, with the sanction of a special resolution of the
company and any other sanction required by the Companies Act, divide among the shareholders in
specie the whole or any part of the assets of the company and may, for that purpose, value any assets
and determine how the division shall be carried out as between the shareholders or different classes of
shareholders. The liquidator may, with the like sanction, vest the whole or any part of the assets in
trustees upon such trusts for the benefit of the shareholders as the liquidator with like sanction
determines, but no shareholder shall be compelled to accept any assets upon which there is liability.

DIRECTORS’ INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE
Indemnity

Subject to paragraph (e), a relevant director of the company or of an associated company may be
indemnified out of the company’s assets against:

(i) any liability incurred by that director in connection with any negligence, default, breach of
duty or breach of trust in relation to the company or an associated company;

(ii) any liability incurred by that director in connection with the activities of the company or an
associated company in its capacity as a trustee of an occupational pension scheme (as defined
in section 235(6) of the Companies Act);

(iii) any other liability incurred by that director as an officer of the company or an associated
company.

The company may fund the expenditure of a relevant director of the company or of any associated
company for the purposes permitted under the Companies Act and may do anything to enable such
relevant director to avoid incurring such expenditure as provided in the Companies Act.


===== page 34 =====
Docusign Envelope ID: 05CA4433-7A72-424D-9541-320F 1E5C981A

©

@)

@)

(f)

71.

(a)

(b)

31
No relevant director of the company or of any associated company shall be accountable to the company
or the shareholders for any benefit provided pursuant to this article 70 and the receipt of any such
benefit shall not disqualify any person from being or becoming a director of the company.

The powers given by this article 70 shall not limit any general powers of the company to grant
indemnities, purchase and maintain insurance or provide funds (whether by way of loan or otherwise)
to any person in connection with any legal or regulatory proceedings or applications for relief.

This article 70 does not authorise any indemnity which would be prohibited or rendered void by any
provision of the Companies Act or by any other provision of law.

In this article 70 and in article 71:

(i) companies are associated if one is a subsidiary of the other or both are subsidiaries of the
same body corporate; and

(ii) a relevant director means any director or former director of the company or of an associated
company.

Insurance

The directors may decide to purchase and maintain insurance, at the expense of the company, for the
benefit of any relevant director in respect of any relevant loss.

In this article 71, a relevant loss means any loss or liability which has been or may be incurred by a
relevant director in connection with that director's duties or powers in relation to the company, any
associated company or any pension fund or employees’ share scheme of the company or associated
company.

31
