

===== page 1 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting pic

Annual report and financial statements
Registered number 09965297
31 March 2024

MATT

A 14/08/2024 #143,
{| COMPANIES HOUSE



===== page 2 =====
[ The power
of our people
« !

Annual Report & Accounts 2024


===== page 3 =====
Weleeme to Alahats 2024
Annual Report ancl Accounts
ea

evertares) in te UN ancl quetacl on the Atkamative lnvestnant
oF



===== page 4 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024

1

Highlights
Financial highlights*

Revenue

£235.5m

(FY 23: £228.7m)

Resilient trading performance in a more competiti
market environment; maintaining consistent
consultant day rates overall, alt lower
utilisation, particularly over the

Adjusted* EBITDA

£42.2m

(FY 23: £46.6m)

Adjusted EBITDA reflects gross profit
and appropriately managed costs

Gross profit

£78.3m

(FY 23: £80.4m)

Gross profit reflects tower average consultant utilisation
and selective investment in Alpha’s growing teams,
while actively managing variable costs

Net cash

£29.4m

(FY 23: £59.2m)

Healthy net cash position and undrawn
£50.0m revolving credit facility provides
further funding flexibility

)

& rational on,

iahest calibre
invested selectively,

d?spanning all

nal highlights

Ly yy
iy ity
A x
Ze;
ce _.
Mii Z

ss.

‘comparative yearis to 31 March 2023 (‘FY 23") unless otherwise specified. All rounding and

‘Continued growih of the global director team/adding
ise to the GroupY

oe fo) SHOPS,
onsolidates ‘Alpha’s APAC presence

spe ere
S ae _

a,

oo



===== page 5 =====
2 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

alphafme.com



===== page 6 =====
nin uNnts
“dill shinies seamemmmnaiaranmlitiiny,

FY D5 LI
MMM

MM

2
yy

M0
MI
We

=
LL
-

YM

\

inability statemei

Alphaiishead‘and'sh ler;

i fand: 'S
7 4 et SMe
MULL UO Yel YO OMY LEE
i sto:;knowledgeof,the:
Ze LLMddedere Lay
as: nanagement: ce:7
By Yj Yj jj
Set manager,



===== page 7 =====
4 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

Ata glance

Why we do what we do
Our purpose Our vision
To deliver outstanding outcomes for all our stakeholders: helping our To be the best consulting firm in
clients to make the most of the opportunities in their markets; providing all the sectors in which we operate.

our people the best corporate experience possible; building a profitable
and sustainable business for our investors; and creating a positive
impact on our communities.

How we do it

Prioritising
delivery
excellence and the
best service for all
our clients

bestcultureyinat

expertise

What we do
Alpha is a leading consultancy to the asset and wealth We bring together the specialist industry knowledge,
management, alternatives and insurance sectors. We support deep expertise and outstanding focus on delivery excellence
the client transformation lifecycle by providing management of our global teams to help clients think smarter and shape
consulting and complementary technology services that are their businesses for the future.
highly focused on the sectors in which we operate.
Management consulting Technology consulting
Our management consulting teams are experts in the Our technology consulting teams have unrivalled
asset and wealth management, alternatives and knowledge of and expertise in the technology platforms
insurance sectors. Their goal is to help client . and models used in the investment sectors. They
organisations make the most of the opportunities facing support clients in leveraging technology breakthroughs,
them in a rapidly changing financial services landscape FH and delivering high quality business value through
of regulatory change, fee pressure, growth in assets and technology solutions, implementations and software.
insurance policies, and client and societal expectations. Against an ever-changing backdrop of new technology,
Our consultants help clients work more effectively digitisation and automation choices, we help our clients
when requirements are new or more complicated, and deliver relevant outcomes that protect, optimise and
excel against strong competition. deliver positive results.
Our strategy

I 2 3
Rolt out

broaden the the client Make selective

proposition acquisitions
globally

alphatme.com


===== page 8 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 5

Our global story

First we: Then we: We have: We will: g
— Became known to — Capitalised on our — Established a global — Continue to build scale =
‘our clients for the high reputation for capability and reputation both globally and across 3
quality of our team. market-leading for delivering some of a range of existing 2
n consulting advice. the most challenging markets by growing J
— Focused on outsourcing, and complex projects and differentiating the g
operational change — Continued to in the industry, service offering
and M&A integration, develop consulting ° "
with emerging ‘solutions across the — Committed to a growth — Pursue with momentum
distribution and asset and wealth ‘Strategy that involves Our objective to be
investments capabilities. management chain. expanding the business recognised as the
organically, including leading consultancy to
into the insurance sector, the asset management,
and through highly wealth management,
complementary alternatives and insurance
acquisitions. industries globally - and,

ultimately, across financial
services worldwide.

— — — ee  mmmeenmen —
North America i UK® Europe APAC
350+ (380+ 190+ 60+
consultants consultants consultants consultants
New York (2009) London (2003) Luxembourg (2008) Singapore (2017)
Boston (2015) Edinburgh (2016) Paris (2010) Sydney (2021)
Toronto (2019) ! Amsterdam (2015) Melbourne (2023)
Denver (2021) Geneva (2017)

San Francisco (2021) Zurich (2019)
Copenhagen (2019)
Frankfurt (2021)
of
e
—_——e e
ee

8 After the year end, Alpha has taunched a branch in Abu Dhabi, which wil initially be overseen by and form part of the UK business.

alphatme.com


===== page 9 =====
6 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

Building on our success

Alpha is launched Alpha today

o———> #—__> »_—

Maturity key: T: Scale-up

Alpha's history 2008 2013 2015
Europe presence First private equity Alpha’s Diversity &
is established, with investment in Alpha Inclusion programme
the opening of the by Baird Capital, is launched.
Luxembourg office.
2003 2009 2014 2016
Alpha is founded in London US presence is Creation of Alpha’s Investment in Alpha by
‘as a provider of specialist established, with first Technology Dunedin, with Baird Capital
consultancy services to the the opening of the Services practice exiting in full. Alpha has
asset management industry. New York office. in the UK. ¢. 200 consultants across

seven offices.

alphafme.com


===== page 10 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 7

BE At Alpha, we are focused on building a platform
for long-term success and delivering outstanding
outcomes for all our stakeholders.”

Luc Baqué
Chief Executive Officer

Our focus for the next four years

Europe

North Amer

Alternat

2019 2023
Creation of the Pensions & Retail Investments practice: Acquisition of Shoreline, a leading
the start of Alpha's expansion into insurance consulting. APAC-based consultancy.
Alpha acauites two more businesses: Alpha celebrates 20 years since it was
Axvxsys, technology specialists for investment founded in the UK as a single-boutique
‘management clients; and Obsidian, expanding management consultancy to the asset
the Aivig solutions suite, management sector.
2017 2021 2024
‘APAC presence is established, with the opening Acquisition of Lionpoint, extending Alpha continues to grow, reporting
of the Singapore office. Alpha's alternatives capabilities revenue growth to £235.5m,

and increasing the global footprint,

Alpha acquires its first complementary business in
particularly in North America.

‘TrackTwo, which becomes part of Aiviq.

‘Successful AIM admission with a market capitalisation of
£160m. Alpha has c. 300 consultants across nine offices,

alphatme.com


===== page 11 =====
8 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

Investment case

Six reasons to invest in Alpha:

We have a long history of achieving strong growth in net fee income, o,

Astrong cash generation and profitability thanks to our market-leading 2 3 e 5 Yo
track record Mibedeaies expertise and successful business model. This has

generated attractive returns for our shareholders since the Group's net fee income CAGR

AIM admission in October 2017. since AIM admission

We attract, develop and retain the highest calibre consultants °

thanks to our competitive compensation framework, strong 2 2 79 Yo

corporate culture and commitment to learning and career

development. This allows us to achieve rapid organic growth increase in consultants

with low rates of attrition. since AIM admission

We are highly specialised in the financial services sectors that we fe}
The best focus on, unlike many of our competitors. Alpha’s experienced, 32 9. 6 Yo
expertise expert director team has demonstrated an incredible track record

of anticipating our client needs and developing our proposition increase in directors

to best serve them. since AIM admission

Avery strong people culture creates an environment in which
Alpha’s employees feel passionate about their work, their
culture colleagues, their communities and serving clients to the best
of our collective ability.

The best

We have a reputation for delivering complex and challenging 3 8] 9 5%
Te bast projects to the highest standards. Our record of delivery brings new ° °
Service] client relationships, significant repeat business and cross-selling

opportunities, which help drive market share gains. increase in clients

since AIM admission

The global asset and wealth management, alternative investments,
and insurance markets that we service are expected to continue
bihe} growth) to grow strongly. They remain subject to long-term trends such 2 »4
as growth in assets and insurance policies, regulatory demand,
cost pressures, client and societal expectations and technology aim to double the
breakthroughs, which underpin clients’ needs for support with business again by 2028°
their advisory, change, implementation and technology projects.

9 The statement that the Alpha Group's growth plan has an ambition to double the size ofits business by 2028 is aspirational only and should not be construed as a profit forecast within
the meaning of the Takeover Code. There can be no certainty that Alpha will achieve its ambition, which is subject to various assumptions, risks and uncertainties thal could cause
Aipha's growth to differ materially fom its expressed ambition.

alphafme.com



===== page 12 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 9

Chairman's report

Ken Fry
Chairman

6&6 Alpha’s resilient performance in
a challenging market environment
over the past year is a testament
to its business model, leading
expertise and compelling
client proposition.”

Having consistently achieved growth since AIM admission in 2017,
the Group experienced increased competition in the global consulting
market and a lengthened sales cycle in FY 24. Against this backdrop,
Group net fee income increased 2.8% and 4.8% on a constant
currency basis. Client wins and trading have incrementally improved
in recent months with consultant utilisation approaching near
target levels by the end of the year, and maintained at this level
into the early part of FY 25. The Board views this as a resilient
performance within the broader market landscape, reflecting

the Group's robust business model, leading expertise and

‘strong proposition.

Alpha’s multi-boutique model, with its cross-selling framework
across regions and sectors, and collaboration between management
and technology consulting, is a key part of Alpha's growth strategy.
The Group continued to invest selectively in the foundations that
support this growth agenda and made progress in a number of
key areas in the year.

The Group broadened and deepened its proposition, which will
‘support the future scaling of the business. This included selective
hires or internal promotions in all regions, key hires to further establish
our insurance consulting offering in North America, and completing
the acquisition of Shoreline to consolidate our offering in the
‘APAC region.

Scaling up and rolling out our newer businesses, including
alternatives and insurance consulting continues to be one of
our growth pillars as we aim to meet our 2028° strategic target.
Our Alternatives business, Lionpoint, saw increased demand
across all regions, particularly in North America, growing the
client base with 55 new client wins. North America remains a
very exciting, strategic growth region for the Group and we
grew headcount by 15 overall.

We continue to enhance and diversify our sector-specific offerings,
in line with client demand and needs. We are proud that the Alpha
offering now embeds Technology Consulting and a software business,
in Aivig, which adds depth to our delivery and cross-sell opportunity.
To capitalise on the technology opportunities that we see in all our
markets, both for standalone technology services projects and as
part of major change programmes, we formalised a number of
technology lead roles in our asset & wealth management and
insurance consulting teams.

The Group ended the year well positioned, with a healthy
net cash position of £29.4m (FY 23: £59.2m).

Since Alpha began over 20 years ago, it has been our outstanding
staff that has helped establish and earn a global reputation for
delivering challenging and complex projects to the highest standards.
This year has been no exception and | want to take this opportunity
to thank Alpha’s people for their unwavering focus and excellent
contributions in a challenging period. We believe that there are
very exciting opportunities ahead for Alpha, with such a strong
group of consultants and a culture that encourages and
celebrates success for everyone.



===== page 13 =====
10 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report
Chairman's report continued

66 We believe that there are very
exciting opportunities ahead for
Alpha, with such a strong group of
consultants and a culture that
encourages and celebrates
success for everyone.”

Governance and the Board

The Board is dedicated to upholding the highest standards of
corporate governance. We consider business ethics, integrity,
and strong governance fundamental to reducing risk and securing
long-term shareholder value. In recognition of the crucial role the
Board has in overseeing and advancing the Group's ESG" efforts,
the ESG Committee was formally established in the period, under
the guidance of Jill May as Chair.

The ESG Committee's role is to maintain oversight of Alpha's

SG agenda, ensuring that the Group complies with regulatory
requirements, meets the expectations of its stakeholders and
positions the Group for long-term sustainable success. The Board
intends to stay actively engaged with ESG across all relevant topics
as they evoive and, to this end, we commenced a schedule of
Board training, emphasising current and emerging areas of
responsibility across all ESG-related topics.



===== page 14 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 ah)

For the first time this year, Alpha is publishing metrics and
information under the Task Force on Climate-related Financial
Disclosures (“TCFD"). We have also published our first dedicated
Sustainability Report, which sets out the Group's ESG progress
to date, vision and roadmap. The report covers our focus on
diversity and social responsibility, strong governance, and playing
‘our part in protecting the environment. The Board is fully supportive
of Alpha's first public diversity target and its ambition to identify
and progress actions that foster inclusion and increase diversity
across the Group. The enhanced disclosures and our ESG strategy
provide us with the frameworks necessary for long-term
sustainable growth.

The Board is committed to engaging with shareholders and
understanding their expectations. To this end, we were pleased
to have completed a consultation with investors regarding Alpha's
FY 25 Remuneration Policy and have incorporated their
feedback accordingly.

ividend
In view of the recommended cash offer to acquire Alpha by
Actium Bidco (UK) Limited ("Bidco"), a newly incorporated indirect
subsidiary of certain funds managed by Bridgepoint Advisers
Limited (“Bridgepoint”), the Board is not recommending a final
dividend. If the acquisition does not complete, it is expected that
the Board would declare a final dividend in respect of FY 24
at a later date.

Outlook

Although some challenges in the market environment remain,
the Group saw an uptick in client wins and consultant utilisation
in the last quarter of FY 24, with utilisation levels maintained into
the start of FY 25. Long-term demand for our services remains
robust and is underpinned by ongoing structural drivers: growth
in assets under management and insurance policies, regulatory
demand, cost pressures, client and societal expectations and
technology breakthroughs.

With a strong and high quality sales pipeline, a compelling client
proposition, market-leading consultants and clear strategic objectives,
the Board remains confident in the Group's prospects.

Ken Fry

Chairman
20 June 2024

10 ESG relers to environment, social and governance matters and efforts.

The power
of our people

Employee insig

Alpha’s community and culture
are based on mutual respect for

our colleagues, their knowledge,
experience and ambitions, and are
underpinned by an innate desire
to create successful outcomes for
our clients.

This means that we have a head start with teams who
enjoy collaborating and growing together, whilst delivering
exciting change to the industry. However, our culture goes
far beyond just being a cohesive team. Alpha also fosters
an environment which celebrates personal and Group
successes whilst untiringly providing the necessary
support to promote personal growth,

Despite growing at a phenomenal rate over the last years,
our leadership team has protected the core pillars that
contribute to our ‘one-team’ structure, creating a sense

of shared responsibility in our own collective success,

as well as our clients’ successes. We see this translating
into teams that are passionate about not only their own
work and achievements but also colleagues and the wider
business, be that across geographies or business lines.

Our local management structures have individuals responsible
for initiatives that support all comers of our culture framework,
from our social calendar and CSR initiatives, through to
our working environment. In my role as Culture tead on
the UK Management Committee, | work alongside our
designated People and Recruitment leads who are responsible
for key supporting aspects, such as wellbeing and inclusion,
which helps create and sustain a multifaceted culture.

Caoimhe Munif
Culture Management Committee Lead,
Asset & Wealth Management Consulting UK

[fread more about our community and culture
in the looking after our people section on p. 36

alphatme.com



===== page 15 =====
12 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

Chief Executive Officer's report

Luc Baqué
Chief Executive Officer

66 FY 24 has presented a challenging
backdrop with increased competition
in the global consulting market.
The Group has navigated these
conditions well and delivered
a resilient performance that
reflects the underlying strength
of the business model, Alpha’s
service proposition and highly
talented consultants.”

As previously reported, the Group saw increased competition

in FY 24 due to overcapacity in the global consulting market.
Alpha navigated this period well, ending the year with consultant
utilisation at close to target levels. This resilient performance
reflects the strength of our business model and the expertise .
of our people in addressing clients’ needs and challenges,

even during more uncertain periods.

While the sales cycle remains longer as the supply and demand
dynamics continue to rebalance, the drivers for clients seeking
Alpha's services remain prevalent, which is evidenced by our
healthy global sales pipeline.

Despite the more challenging environment in FY 24, the strategic
growth pillars that underpin our ambition remain consistent:
further expansion in North America, the global scale-up and
roll-out of Alpha’s propositions, including alternatives and
insurance consulting, and selective acquisitions.

The year in review

The Group achieved modest growth in net fee income, reflecting
the resilience of the business model despite challenging market
conditions. Throughout the year, the Group actively managed its
cost base alongside utilisation and day rates, and continued to
build its pipeline of new business opportunities.

alphatme.com

Market demand levels were slower to recover than first anticipated,
and our actions to manage the business through this environment
included a limited number of redundancies to support affected
areas of the business. This was a very difficult decision, however
it was one that we felt was commensurate with the levels of
demand, and key to achieving more normal levels of utilisation
and profitability.

As market conditions continued to rebalance, consultant
utilisation rates improved through the final quarter, ending the year
at close to target levels albeit FY 24 margins remained lower than
historical levels overall. Gross profit was £78.3m (FY 23: £80.4m)
reflecting lower average consultant utilisation, while maintaining
consistent day rates and actively managing variable costs.

12 months to 12 months to
31 March 31 March
2024 2023 Change
Net fee income
UK £91.2m £87.1m 47%
North America £90.5m £91.1m (0.6%)
Europe & APAC £51.9m £49.0m 6.1%
Year-endtotais | _£233.6m| —_£227.2m 2.8%
12 months to | 12 months to
31 March 31 March
2024 2023 Change
Gross profit
UK £33,0m £35.0m (6.8%)
North America £28.3m £30.0m (6.6%)
Europe & APAC £17.0m £15.4m 10.6%
Year-endtotals | __-£78.3m| —_‘£80.4m (2.6%)

The UK region, which continues to attract clients and maintains
a leading reputation, generated 4.7% organic net fee income
growth to £91.2m (FY 23: £87.1m). The reduced gross profit
margin of 36.2% (FY 23: 40.2%) reflects lower average consultant
utilisation, partly offset by reduced variable costs and consistent
consultant day rates on the previous year. During the year, we
made selective hires as we invested for current demand and
future growth. In addition to maintaining our graduate programme,
which is a source of future talent, we were pleased to make a
number of key director appointments. These included adding
three experienced directors to support Alpha UK's wealth sector
proposition, where we are working with many of the UK's top tier
wealth managers and private banks.

Alpha's strategy includes rolling out its proposition to new clients
and locations. After the year end, Alpha has launched a branch in
Abu Dhabi, which is overseen by and will initially form part of the
UK business. Abu Dhabi is an important financial centre, and this
branch provides access to an area that is growing and transforming
rapidly. We are delighted that our offering, including our investments
proposition and technology services, is already resonating well
and attracting demand.

North America net fee income was £90.5m (FY 23: £91.1m)

and up 3.8% on a constant currency basis, This resilient performance
in a competitive market environment follows more than 50%
average annual organic growth in the previous three years.


===== page 16 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 13

Akey pillar of our growth strategy, we continued to invest in our
services and people in this very sizeable market, broadening and
deepening our existing relationships and expanding our client base.
We added 58 new clients in the region in FY 24, and at the year
end the North America team had 357 consultants (FY 23: 342).
We are pleased that our proposition there, which now
encompasses three sectors (asset and wealth management,
alternatives and insurance), is resonating so well and we are
proud that Alpha has again ranked in “America's Best Management
Consulting Firms” by Forbes and Statista. We remain confident in
‘the significant market opportunity of North America, which is over
eight" times the size of the UK.

Europe & APAC delivered net fee income growth of 6.1% to ¢
£51.9m (FY 23: £49.0m), of which 1.4% was organic. In line with
our acquisition strategy, we welcomed Shoreline to the Group at
the start of the year. With the integration complete, this boutique
asset and wealth management consultancy reinforces our
position in the APAC region. In Europe, we now have offices in
seven financial centres and we were delighted to have been
selected as a “#1 Consulting Firm” in asset management in
France by Décideurs Magazine in the year. Across Europe &
APAC, we continue to see a very strong opportunity for Alpha’s
combined proposition of management and technology consulting.

Alpha has continued to make progress on its strategic growth
objectives, further cementing its position as a leading provider of
specialist consulting services within the financial services
industry. We have grown our global client base across the sectors
that we service. Our global model, expertise and the alignment of
our practices to our clients’ sectors and core functions have again
enabled us to deliver some of the most complex, challenging and
defining projects in the industry.

Lionpoint, our alternatives consulting business, experienced
another year of steady growth as our expertise and capabilities
continue to resonate with private equity, credit, infrastructure, real
estate and fund of funds clients. Traditional asset managers also
continue to seek to expand their books of alternative investments,
which brings a need for technology investment and operating
model consolidation. Joint-offer opportunities between Lionpoint
and our Asset & Wealth Management Consulting team therefore
represent a significant driver for future growth.

insurance consulting remains a strategic growth pillar for Alpha
and we were delighted to complete on a goal to launch in the US
in FY 24, appointing two senior directors to spearhead progress
in that region. Both individuals have extensive industry experience
and established networks, which we will leverage to establish the
brand. In Europe, Alpha’s insurance consulting business added
new clients, reinforced its capabilities and expanded its team of
deep sector experts.

#1 Consulting Firm in asset
management in France,
Décideurs Magazine

We have continued to develop and align the Group's technology
consulting capabilities and solutions with our management consulting
proposition for each sector: asset and wealth management,
alternatives and insurance. Our technology solutions and delivery
teams possess unrivalled knowledge and expertise in the technology
platforms and models utilised in those sectors, and we are delivering
important strategic outcomes for our clients, focused on cost
reduction, management insights, automation and efficiency,

and scale-up.

Acquisitions

We were pleased to complete the acquisition of Shoreline in

May 2023 to consolidate our offering in the APAC region. Selective
acquisitions remain a strategic growth pillar for Alpha and we
continue to review potential acquisition opportunities. Outline
heads of terms have been agreed recently with two small bolt-on
opportunities, which are currently subject to ongoing due diligence.

Financial performance summary

Group net fee income increased 2.8% to £233.6m (FY 23: £227.2m),
mainly organically and 4.8% on a constant currency basis.

Lower consultant utilisation and rising costs across a larger team,
partly offset by reduced variable costs, resulted in reduced adjusted
EBITDA on the previous year of £42.2m (FY 23: £46.6m) at an adjusted
EBITDA margin of 18.0% (FY 23: 20.5%). The Group delivered a slightly
improved margin in H2 compared to the first half as the market
continues to rebalance supply and demand dynamics.

Adjusted profit before tax was £38.5m (FY 23: £44,0m), and
adjusted earnings per share ("EPS") was 24,90p (FY 23: 29.27p).

On a statutory basis, revenue increased 3.0% to £235.5m (FY 23:
£228.7m), operating profit decreased to £25.1m (FY 23: £28.6m)
and profit before tax was £22.6m (FY 23: £25.8m). Basic EPS
was 13,85p (FY 23: 15.82p).

The Group ends the period with increased sales wins and a strong
pipeline of new business opportunities. This resilient performance,
in the context of the competitive market conditions in FY 24,
demonstrates the strength of Alphas business model and client
proposition. The Chief Financial Officer's report provides further
information about the financial performance of the last 12 months.

Our people

As Alpha celebrated its 20" anniversary this financial year, we
take pride in our team and our achievements. Alpha started life

as a single sector consultancy in the UK. The Group now includes
1,000 consultants, in addition to its business operations staff,
with offices in a number of locations across the globe.

In 20 years, one thing has remained consistent about Alpha’s
success: our people.

11 Thinking Ahead Institute and Pensions & Investments, “The world's largest 500 asset managers” (October 2022),

alphatme.com

g
Fl
8
a
3
2
a
3
3



===== page 17 =====
14 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report
Chief Executive Officer's report continued

Our people continued

Our clients recognise the quality of our people and their exclusive
sector-specific focus. It helps to define our proposition, but what
makes us stand out as a market-leading consulting firm is our
global teams’ unrelenting attention to delivering projects to the
very highest standards. This has always been reflected in the high
levels of repeat business and growth of our client base, and was
evidenced by over 90% of revenue in the year being generated by
existing clients. | am proud of Alpha's people every year, but this
year has been exceptional for its challenges and | am particularly
grateful for the focus on solving clients’ needs and delivery
‘excellence shown in this difficult market environment.

While we focus on identifying and attracting the right people to
Alpha, it is also important that we can retain, nurture and develop
the best consulting talent in the market. We constantly strive to
ensure that we foster an inclusive and meritocratic culture that
offers opportunities for progression and success, aided by a robust
‘support system. We were delighted to have been nominated and to
have won a place in the Top 10 Best Large Companies to Work For
and as a Top 5 Consultancy to Work For by Best Companies, a
leading employee engagement specialist in the UK.

While in the last 12 months we have approached hiring selectively,
reflecting the wider market environment, we are pleased to have
grown our headcount of global consultants to 1,000 (FY 23: 994).
We made 15 director appointments, including both strategic
additions in all our regions and internal promotions, underscoring
our ongoing investment in talent development and progression.

Asat Asat
31 March | 31 March
2024 2023 Change
Consultant headcount |
UK 385 394 (2.3%)
North America 357 342 44%
Europe & APAC 258 258 -
Year-end totals L___1,000| 994 0.6%

Sustainable growth

At Alpha, we are focused on building a platform for long-term
success and delivering outstanding outcomes for all our stakeholders.
We nurture and safeguard a strong sustainability culture, which
for us means commitments to diversity and inclusion, community
impact work and our actions to address climate change.

Top 10 Best Large Companies
to Work For award

In the last year, we have continued to develop our ESG
frameworks and reporting disclosures. We recently published
our first dedicated Sustainability Report, which explains Alpha’s
position and objectives, and the governance we use to apply
and monitor them. | encourage you to read it to understand
more about our focus on diversity and social responsibility,
strong governance, and the part we want to play in the

* environment and combating climate change.

Diversity and inclusion is one of the most important focus areas
for Alpha, now and as we grow the business. We can be a better
‘employer and a better partner for our clients through the diversity
of perspectives that our people bring, and we are on a journey to.
improving the diversity of our teams globally. We were delighted
to announce our first public diversity target this year, for 25% of
the global director team to be women or nonbinary in five years’ time.

We are also very excited about the progress being made in the
financial services sectors we operate in. We are proud that ESG
is at the heart of Alpha’s service offering and that we can support
clients in adopting relevant and meaningful approaches. We look
forward to sharing more about our developments and plans as
they progress.

Current trading and outlook

Despite some uncertainty and ongoing challenges as the supply
and demand dynamics in the global consulting market continue
to rebalance, client demand remains robust, and consultant
utilisation has improved through the last quarter of FY 24 and was
maintained into the early part of FY 25. While further improvement
in utilisation is required in certain areas of the business through
FY 25, we enter the year with a strong new business opportunity
pipeline, higher sales win levels and a healthy net cash position.

The long-term structural drivers of demand including growth in
assets and insurance policies, regulatory demand, cost pressures,
client and societal expectations, and technology breakthroughs
continue to present significant growth opportunities for us.

We have continued to invest in our people, recognising their
importance in our future growth. The trust and relationships that
our people cultivate with our clients provide significant cross- and
joint-selling opportunities between our sector-focused services.
Our people and client relationships are cornerstones of our
business model and organic growth ambitions.

We also continue to see and respond to the strategic growth
drivers of North America and addressing the market opportunity
in the newer sectors of insurance and alternatives. Our selective
investments in people, the service proposition and our business
model, make us well placed to capitalise on improving

market conditions.

With the structural drivers of demand remaining in piace, our
market-leading consultants, and our highly compelling client
proposition, we are well positioned for the future and remain
focused on our ambition to double the business again by 2028",

Lue Baqué
Chief Executive Officer

20 June 2024

12 The statement that the Alpha Group's growth plan has an ambition to double the size of its business by 2028 is aspirational only and should not be construed as a proft forecast within
the meaning of the Takeover Code. There can be no certainty that Alpha will achieve its ambition, which is subject to various assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause

Alpha's growth to differ materially from its expressed ambition.

alphafme.com


===== page 18 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 15

Q&A:
Luc Baqué,

Chief Executive Officer

How is the competitive environment
impacting your utilisation?

The global consulting market has experienced a more competitive
environment during FY 24 and this has resulted in a longer sales cycle
and, consequently, utilisation levels were impacted. We were pleased
to be able to maintain consistent consultant day rates during FY 24,
which continue to hold steady into FY 25, This reflects the quality

of our service offering and our specialism in financial markets
sectors, where we can add significant value to our clients. We believe
that consuttant utilisation will be more straightforward to recover in
due course, as we have begun to see in Q4.

Why has Alpha continued to hire
during this period?

Whilst we have slightly increased our overall headcount, FY 24
growth was more modest than in previous years. We have been
very selective in the appointments, focusing on future
development in line with our strategy. For example, we hired two.
very experienced directors to establish our Insurance Consulting
business in North America and have grown our Lionpoint team as
we continue to build up the alternative investments proposition.
Alpha is also committed to developing and fostering early talent,
offering a competitive graduate scheme, and we welcomed a
further graduate intake in the period. In all these cases, we see
these appointments as cautious but appropriate steps to
harnessing significant potential growth over the coming years.

Can you tell us about your new business
pipeline and the sales cycle?

We expect longer sales cycles to remain a feature in the shorter-
term as clients strive to balance their costs with their immediate
and long-term priorities. However, there are signs of improvement
and Alpha is well placed for that recovery. Our sales pipeline
indicates robust demand for our services, with ever-greater
collaboration between management and technology consulting
Presenting a strong opportunity for the combined go-to-market
approach and cross-sell. We are excited about the global nature
of our pipeline, which includes a strong mix in sectors and
Practice areas, including significant multi-year programmes of
work. We have already seen some more positive market
sentiment at the start of the current financial year, with a good
level of new business wins.

g
8
3
&
3
2
3
3
3

How do you feel about your
2028 ambitions?

We remain focused on our ambition to double net fee income
again by 2028", which has been our goal since we announced it
in March 2023. Our priority is to achieve this while maintaining a
record of profitable growth. We have been taking action to protect
our margins and profits in the current environment, alongside a
‘strong focus on business development, and we believe that these
market conditions will be a short-term feature. Underpinning these
are the key pillars of our strategy: scaling up and broadening our
sector-focused proposition; enhancing and diversifying our offering in
geographical markets, such as in the significant North America
market; and making selective acquisitions.

alphafme.com


===== page 19 =====
16 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

Business model

Our resources

The best talent Client industry Expertise Financial
relationships networks strength
We draw on the We cultivate strong, We maintain close Our consultants We are a consistently
market-leading long-term relationships | contacts with vendors, ‘specialise exclusively in profitable and
experience, knowledge with clients, leading to industry bodies, particular sectors, cash-generative
and highest delivery high levels of repeat regulatory authorities and meaning we are fully Group with the financial
‘standards of our people business and competitors to inform our focused on each of the resources to invest in
to solve our clients’ ‘opportunities to understanding of the client segments we ‘expanding our activities
problems and meet cross-sell multiple markets in which we address. We offer insight, globally and to new client
their objectives. service offerings. ‘operate and support our methodologies and types and consutting areas.
‘work for clients. thought leadership based
on our leading position in.
‘the market.

Our competitive advantages

— Ability to identity, attract and retain the — Abilty to apply best practice, differentiating — Continuous devetopment of the proposition
best talent, intellectual property and data, technology to anticipate client needs.
— Asstrong culture that fosters excellence, solutions and market-leading knowledge — An emphasis on providing the highest quality
collaboration and ethical conduct. developed over 20 years. of service and, wherever possible, exceeding
— A focused, specialist proposition for the asset ‘Aulti-boutique structure with an extremely clients’ expectations.
and wealth management, alternatives and solid cross-seling framework and culture
insurance sectors. of collaboration.
How value is shared
Clients Shareholders Our people Community Environment
‘We help asset and wealth We deliver long-term We enable our people to We promote ethical conduct We prioritise evaluating our
managers, insurance capital appreciation for our develop their skills and and a corporate culture that. impact on the environment
‘companies, private market _investors through share their careers by working on gives back to the wider by understanding our
firms, service providers, price growth and regular high-impact projects with ‘community and values. energy usage and our
platforms, intermediaries, dividend payments, the leading companies in diversity and inclusion in carbon footprint. We will
technology partners anda supported by the Group's _their specialist area. We its broadest sense. We contribute to its protection
range of other buy-side continued growth. We offer a meritocratic and contribute by supporting by seeking to reduce
firms solve their most preserve the value of their enjoyable corporate culture charitable initiatives greenhouse gas emissions
pressing strategic investment by managing alongside incentive including our Charity of wherever possible and
problems and become risks appropriately. schemes, training and the Year programme, and Continuing to offset those
more successful support to facilitate region-specific volunteering _that we cannot reduce.
individual development and mentoring.
and progression.
10, 0, 0,
146 154.9% 50%+ £100,000+ 100%
new Clients in the adjusted EPS of director raised for our of our carbon
last financial year growth since additions in FY 24 charities of the year — emissions have
AIM admission were promoted since AIM admission, _ been offset in line
from within alongside delivering with our Annual
valuable volunteering Report SECK
initiatives and pro statement for the
bono work last four years

alphafme.com


===== page 20 =====
sset & Wealth Management

 —ri—Oeesasf

SSeS )
omen


===== page 21 =====
18

Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

Market overview

The Group's specialist consultants pro

le their depth of expertise and market

experience to support clients in navigating and managing the following themes,
as well as in how to take advantage of any opportunities they pose. We remain
very well placed to address these long-term, structural trends through
developing effective solutions from operating model design, to technology
selections and implementations, to change delivery and support, as well as
implementing strategies to secure long-term growth and profitability.

66

66

As we entered 2024 we saw some early signs of
optimism, and our discussions with clients predict
modest, positive expectations relative to 2023.
While we expect continued volatility, the long-
term opportunities presented by accelerating
digital transformation and integrating
technologies like artificial intelligence, machine
learning, and digital assets are becoming pivotal
to optimising operational efficiency and
enhancing client experiences. We predict those
high-quality, resilient firms embracing
transformation to outperform their peers
significantly. Amongst this, we predict an uptick in
MBA activity as larger firms look to expand into
new business areas and locations.”

Joe Morant .
Global Head of Asset & Wealth
Management Consulting

Globally, there continues to be an

overall reweighting from traditional

to alternative assets classes, driving growth in
global alternatives AUM. Each asset class comes
with particular nuances in terms of the
technology and operating model required to
support it, and there is an overarching focus on
consolidated data architectures to connect
these tools and models. We continue to expect
growth in the sector and with that growth we
anticipate significant opportunity to help our
clients as they focus on margins, technology
maturity and increased regulatory scrutiny.”

Nick Fienberg
Global Head of Lionpoint

alphafme.com

66

66

The global insurance market continues to present
opportunities and challenges as FY 24 closes.
Overall market indicators such as GWP indicate
that the industry is returning to historical norms
of growth alongside continued improvement in
profitability of our clients. As the industry looks
forward, general insurers will need to adjust
increased cost bases in the post-inflationary
environment by more effectively managing claims
costs and addressing process and technology
deficiencies. Life insurers will continue to see
improvements in their balance sheets via
investment terms from higher interest rates,
creating opportunities to invest in product

and technology to support client and

channel interaction.”

Stuart McNulty
Global Head of Insurance Consulting

Asset managers increasingly look for global
enterprise solutions across traditional and
alternative assets and as the technological
advancements of Al and Cloud continue apace,
we are an important component in delivering
high quality data into these models. Demand for
our products continues to grow and we expect to
further capitalise on opportunities as a result

of our growing scale.”

Lee Griggs
Global Head of Aiviq


===== page 22 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 19

Long-term structural drivers shaping our financial services clients in asset
and wealth management, alternatives and insurance:

iby O1Ba1enS

3
iS

3 1. Growth in AUM and GWP 2. Cost pressures and MSA
&
@
3 renegotla
cA
fas compared sto.
2 Alpha’s clients have faced challenging macro conditions in the An increased cost base from inflation and higher rates coupled
@ last two years, including high interest rates and inflation, which with margin pressures from lower-cost products and increased
= have not been as transitory as expected, alongside a return of regulation have caused a deterioration in cost-income ratios
Z market volatility. Despite these hurdles, the underlying drivers Consequently, clients are looking at how to improve profitability.
FA 4
2 eon gekely nthe teeoeee Hieeseiinnes South ete Firms continue to pull classic cost levers to address tis,
(‘CAGR’) of 6% with net flows remaining positive. We would including process optimisation, global enterprise technology
expect these trends to continue. solutions, spans of control, Outsourcing, and re-tendering. .
Our clients follow similar guiding principles when transforming
Against this backdrop, investment firms are actively pursuing their cost base: to ensure any cost-cutting does not paralyse
diversification. Asset managers are broadening their investment growth, to identify and implement quick wins early, and to
strategies based on market demand, developing strategies in balance traditional cost-saving measures with the nuances
alternatives, sustainable products and, particularly in the US, of their relevant sectors.
active ETFs. Private equity, alternative credit, infrastructure and .
real estate are experiencing sustained growth in this regard, and There is a renewed focus on sales enablement and data driven
assets under management for this section of the market have decision making to improve competitiveness while seeking to
continued to grow globally with a 5-year CAGR of 11%". This manage costs, which is often underpinned by technological change.
strategy allows firms to provide more comprehensive solutions We also expect an increase in M&A, joint venture or alliance
and diversification to both institutional and retail investors, as activity as well-capitalised companies look to expand globally
regulations evolve for the latter in illiquid asset classes. into new capabilities and emerging markets but with less of a
For insurers gross written premium (“GWP") projections drive to realise cost synergies via acquisition.
continue to grow driven in part by higher rates and a growing We anticipate increases in this type of activity as interest rates begin
global middle class. Consequently we are seeing a particular to normalise, and pressure mounts to put committed capital to work.
focus from our clients on how to increase their share of GWP. We have already seen a big uptick in activity from our private equity
clients from the second half of FY 23, particularly in the wealth
segment across technology, platforms and financial advisers.
2 With growth projected to continue in the Group's core client Alpha has built a reputation among clients as a market-leading
§ markets, the demand for consulting services is anticipated to specialist consultancy to support projects that address structural
8 . grow over the long term. This favourable market outlook provides _cost drivers in their business. We recognise the nuances of our
£ robust underlying prospects for Alpha’s businesses globally. ‘sector, and that benchmarks are an input, not the answer.
s Alpha has an excellent record of anticipating and addressing Our approach is valued because we not only advise on “what”

client demand and evolving needs while enhancing its competitive
advantages. This includes deepening and broadening its
sector-specific expertise, leveraging established delivery
frameworks, strengthening technology transformation
capabilities, and providing industry insights across the asset
and wealth management, alternatives and insurance sectors.

the targets should be but “how” to achieve them.

We support clients in identifying long-term growth opportunities
instead of short-term remedies, recognising that cost review
exercises cannot paralyse growth.

Through our sector specific offerings, we support different
clients in considering and reconfiguring operating models and
addressing cost structures across their organisations.

Our M&A proposition helps clients identify, evaluate, and execute
acquisitions to assist them in realising their strategic goals. Clear
valuation creation planning will become ever more important for
portfolio companies, an area in which our industry experts assist
‘our clients. :

18 Broadtridge Global Market intetigence Data (2023)
14 Allianz, “Navigating growth and challenges in a rapidly

‘changing wortd” May 2024), costs” June 2023).

15 The TRADE, “Over a third of asset managers are
planning to renegotiate fees with vendors to lower

16 Retail Banker ntsrnational, "MBA in financial services
decreased in Q1 2024" (May 2024),

alphatme.com


===== page 23 =====
20 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report
Market overview continued

3. Ongoing regulatory change

Trend

Statistic

4. Digital transformation and
technology breakthroughs

Global regulators continue to focus on the outcomes customers Technology transformation remains a core priority for our
% are receiving from products and services. There is also an clients, Margin pressure, regulatory compliance and increased
3 increased focus on resiliency driven by market volatility and competition are all leading to investment in technology. There
% geopolitical risk. A growing number of technology-focused has also been significant advancement in the technologies
a regulations are looking at technological advances, Al and data themselves such as cloud-enabled integration and Al.
ee Nee be adhered to without hampering Much focus on technology innovation picks up on the idea of
getting closer to clients, for example via hyper personalisation,
In addition, global rule sets are becoming more complex. Clients and Alpha's clients are looking at how they can get closer to the
with a global footprint face the challenge of ensuring consistency customer relationship via technology, data and digital servicing.
in their approach to diverse regulatory regimes across jurisdictions. F.. atemative investment managers, we continue to see growth
A large and evolving agenda of regulatory change puts pressure —_ across all asset classes, particularly alternative credit. We have
on all parts of our clients’ businesses to ensure compliance. also seen increasing retail appetite for access to alternatives,
Heads of Risk and Compliance need to ensure that their teams’ —_ which comes with regulatory scrutiny. These asset classes
skillsets keep pace with the complexity of the regulations require best-of-breed technologies underpinned by robust
surrounding ESG, cyber, financial, and operational resilience. and transparent data models and architectures,
The need for faster and better data to evidence compliance
remains a longer-term priority. Regulators continue to follow
amore data-led supervisory approach and increase their
expectations of firms’ capabilities. The challenge of regulatory
divergence and differing rules across multi-jurisdictional
business models remains a key focus area.
8 Alpha supports some of the world’s leading asset and wealth Our management and technology consulting services offer
8 managers, alternatives investment managers and insurers in complete solutions for clients looking to optimise their operations
8 developing their compliance, operational resilience, and risk and processes while investing in efficient technology solutions.
g management frameworks Alpha's sector-focused consultants, including our specialist
$ Alpha’s Regulatory Risk & Compliance practice covers most offering for alternative investment managers, enables clients to

financial hubs. It comprises a team of seasoned ex-regulators,
practitioners, and experienced consultants who know how
global regulators think and what they expect.

Alpha can therefore bring leading regulatory expertise

and market best practices to transform how our clients
handle regulatory compliance and risk. We focus on efficient
regulatory change implementation and supporting our clients
to future-proof with adaptive compliance and proactive risk
management frameworks.

The team also works closely with Alpha's ESG & Responsible
Investment practice, Alpha’s technology and data teams to
combine knowledge and expertise in addressing complex
regulatory challenges and obligations and making the necessary
updates to operating models and data governance.

receive highly relevant advice and implementation approaches
across technology, data and digital challenges and opportunities.

We continue to scale up and globalise other relevant practices, such
as data and cloud services in our Technology Consulting business.
We are also expanding our data science proposition to make data
and analytics an essential business tool in delivering operational
efficiency gains and supporting strategic decision making.

Alongside our consulting offering that encompasses analysis,
solutions definition and implementation, Alpha's Aiviq business
offers a data-driven software platform for asset managers. The
core AUM and flows product addresses the need for investment
managers to make informed decisions powered by data.

As Al continues to evolve and present new opportunities and
challenges to our industry, Alpha's Al specialists help clients
grapple with how best to deploy this technology, and form a
comprehensive Al strategy. We are also seeing increased
demand for Al implementation, often linked to a focus on cost.

17 Finifech Global, “Navigating the regulatory minefield" (January 2024),
18 HFS, “HFS Horizons:

1e Best Service Providers for Assel and Wealth Management, 2024" January 2024).

49 International Association of Credit Portfolio Managers, “How Financial Services Firms Are Wrestling with ESG" (May 2020).

alphafme.com


===== page 24 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 21

5. ESG and societal expectations

FIM ef tremrciet sarviews dios expose mene inves teers
leguicions to inoece ESS activities?

ESG continues to evolve from a commercial priority to a regulatory
necessity. Sustainability and responsible investment teams have
been under intense and prolonged pressure as they support their
firms’ compliance efforts with sustainability-related regulation and
address emerging anti-ESG sentiment in some regions.

Looking forward, we will see continued focus on meeting
ESG-related regulation and increased attention on existing
and emerging sustainability themes, including climate, natural
capital, social factors, and double materiality - considering an
investment’s ESG impacts on the world and the financial
materiality of ESG factors. The effective integration of ESG
datasets creates a new challenge for technology and data
operating models.

A key priority for Heads of Sustainability and Responsible
Investments will be using their teams to the best effect and
positioning their efforts as a strategic driver of value for their firm.
Differentiating their sustainability value proposition from peers will
be a particular challenge whilst they drive deeper ESG integration
into the investment process.

Our ESG & Responsible Investment team has unrivalled
‘experience and market insight to help clients define and embed
their chosen ESG approach and operating model. Our extensive
expertise in sustainability regulation enables us to support them
in their journeys to understanding and responding to regulations
‘such as TCFD, SDR and now CSRD.

We work in multiple geographies to deliver projects across public
and private assets for asset managers, asset owners, and wealth
and insurance clients.

Our consulting work in this area remains complementary to
Alpha's core consulting capabilities, which include work on
product, regulations, data and technology scalability, and
client engagement.

In response to client demand, we are also helping organisations
in areas such as sustainability risk and greenwashing. These
capabilities underpin our core strategic offering of supporting
clients in defining their ESG and responsible investment vision,
strategy, and roadmap with market-leading assessments and
peer insights.

The power

of our people .
peop of Tite

mployee insight

As Head of Asset & Wealth
Management Consulting in
North America, we see growth
opportunities abound for Alpha
in North America.

Alpha’s core offerings to investment managers and
insurers are highly differentiated and we are well placed
to accelerate our growth in the largest single-market

in the world,

In asset management, we see huge opportunities to
expand our coverage of the hundreds of “boutique”
{$10-100bn AUM) managers in the United States.

The Canadian market also offers amazing growth
opportunities particularly with the large public pension
funds. We are growing our footprint with asset owners
and insurance-owned managers across the region.
Wealth management has the potential to be as large
as asset management for Alpha, and we are investing to
take advantage of the enormous opportunities for growth
that we see in this segment.

Trends in the market are creating new opportunities for us
to service our clients. We are uniquely well placed to help
asset managers and alternatives managers capitalise on
the continued growth in private markets. We are helping
clients to navigate margin pressure with cost optimisation
programmes. And the growth of new products such as
direct-indexing and retail SMAs in the United States have
clients seeking Alpha’s advice given our unique vantage
point and expertise across the value-chain.

We continue to grow our technology consulting
capabilities across all our segments in North America
and are seeing growing demand for our unique brand
of high-quality technology consulting backed by
industry-leading, business-focused expertise.

We see enormous potential for continued growth in the
vast and dynamic North America market.

Mike Burns
Head of Asset & Wealth Management
Consulting North America

alphafme.com

g
Q
3
a
3
2
3
3
E

ae


===== page 25 =====
22 Annual Report & Accounts 2024 j }

Strategic Report

Strategy

theeeanmree tian

To continue to develop and succeed
as a leading consulting services

group, our strategy for growth \
includes the following objectives:

[Ej Read more about our strategy in the
Chief Executive's report on p. 12

Key progress in FY 24

Scale up and broaden the — Consultant headcount of 1,000 at 31 March 2024, up from
994 at 31 March 2023.

Group's client proposition by
— Investing selectively in the foundations for future growth,

adding services and consul ng including eight new directors in important practice and sector
activities that together present offerings: Operations, Wealth and Alternatives.

adifferentiated and more — Further development and alignment of technology consuiting
comprehensive offering across sector teams to enhance our market-facing structure.

— Continued to expand the alternatives capability across
management consulting and technology consulting through
the Lionpoint team.

Roll out the client proposition — Continued to roll out Alpha's consulting proposition and
activities globally, including the launch of the Insurance

globally and progress Consulting team in North America.

opportun jes to grow further — Regional leads in place for the Group's key service areas
within our markets covering all sectors to oversee delivery excellence, cross-selling
and further growth across regions.

— Continued to identify and progress opportunities in global
markets, adding 146 new clients and growing market share.

— Growth of director headcount by 15 to 116 at 31 March 2024,
including two new directors in the newly launched North
America Insurance Consulting team and senior appointments
to the Wealth Management segment in the UK.

— Acquired and integrated the Shoreline business with Alpha's
Asset & Wealth Management Consulting team and offering
in APAC.

3 Make selective acquisitions

alphafme.com


===== page 26 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 23

Areas of focus

— Continue to evaluate and respond to market demands for
new products and services, as well as add new propositions
that will attract new clients and enable the sale of additional
services to existing clients.

— Continue to focus on enhancing cross-selling opportunities
through a collaborative approach across all business teams
and sectors.

— Continue to deepen and extend the Group's insurance,
technology and alternatives capabilities, alongside providing
dedicated software solutions to the asset management
‘sector through the Aiviq business.

— Continue to attract and appoint experienced directors in line
with demand, as well as grow our own talent to support and
grow the Group's client proposition further.

— Roll out the Group's existing business practices and
complementary offerings progressively across all regions.

— Continue to establish new branch in Abu Dhabi, launched
after the year end, ensuring Alpha's value proposition is
accessible to clients locally and in the wider region.

— Continued focus in North America where there is still significant
opportunity to gain further market share through the ongoing
development and roll-out of the Group's service offering.

— Continue to build out consulting in insurance, technology and
alternatives capabilities globally, as well as launch into new
markets where there is demand.

— Alpha continues to review acquisitions that can complement
organic growth and maintains a healthy acquisition pipeline.

The power
of our people

BLhelbest}

Employee insig

At Alpha, we meticulously design
programme structures and
assemble bespoke delivery teams
to ensure the most appropriate
talent is in the room with the
client from the outset, and
throughout the delivery,

of engagements.

Getting to know the client, and understanding their asset
class-specific requirements is at the core of our offering,
leveraging specialist expertise to guarantee a combination
of asking the right questions, providing impactful answers,
and executing on a client's strategic direction.

As part of the Lionpoint team, | service the alternatives
investment client sector. Throughout the lifecycle of a
programme, the experts working on it may evolve, pivoting
as required to the direction of the client's ultimate goal.
Our strength is in the breadth of specialists we have to
deploy across our client base and their varying challenges.
This has been enabled through recruiting at an experienced
level from three core areas:

1. Industry - coming from investment firms, from the
Front to Back Offices, bringing knowledge of specific
processes and common pain points.

2. Technology vendors - to complement the
technology advisory capabilities, this ensures we
have the latest methodologies to hand on targeting
implementation efficiencies.

3. Management consulting - ensuring a fundamental,
core base of quality delivery and transformation
experience across all our projects.

These different professional backgrounds help build a rich
blend of experience, knowledge, and delivery techniques.
Once people are onboarded, Alpha nurtures an environment
in which all members of teams are encouraged to share
their expertise and learning internally, and to support the
further development of our knowledge base, people and
methodologies. Cross-team collaboration therefore becomes.
the key way of working, often unearthing previously unseen
opportunities for our clients, and further enabling organic
growth of our expertise firm wide.

Louis de Watteville
Senior Manager, Lionpoint UK
alphafme.com



===== page 27 =====
24 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

Key performance indicators

The Board has defined the following key performance indicators (“KPIs”).
These KPIs link to the Group's growth strategy and are used to monitor
the Group’s income statement and performance.

These are discussed further in the Chief Financial Officer's report
on pp 26-30, which forms part of this Strategic Report.

Revenue

£235.5m =:

The revenue KPI measures how well the Group Fy 22
has expanded its business through organic and FY 21
inorganic growth.

FY 20
FY19
FY 18

Net fee income”

£233.6m =:

Net fee income is revenue before incidental Fv22 |

expenses and is used as an alternative KPI to Fy 21
indicate the underlying productive operating

performance of the Group. FY20
FY 19
FY 18
Gross profit
£ 8 3 -
FY 1
78.3m =
. F FY 22
This KPI helps to measure the profitability of the
Group and the success of the business model. FY2i
FY 20
FY19 |
FY 18

20 Refer to the Chief Financial Officer's report and to note 4 of the consolidated financial statements for further information on the adjusted performance measures: net fee income,
adjusted EBITDA and adjusted cash generated from operations.

alphatme.com


===== page 28 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024.25

Adjusted EBITDA

£42.2m

Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation,
amortisation and adjusting items is a measure
of the underlying profitability of the Group.

Adjusted cash generated
from operations

£23.6m

Adjusted cash generated from operations reflects
the Group's underlying operating cash flows,
excluding the impact of adjusting items.

Headcount

1,000

The year-end headcount KPI measures the growth
in the Group's fee-generating consultants globally.

FY 24
FY 23
FY 22
FY21
FY 20
FY 19
FY 18

FY 24
FY23
FY 22
FY21
FY 20
FY 19
FY 18

FY 24
FY 23
FY 22
FY 21
FY 20
FY 19
FY 18

alphatme.com


===== page 29 =====
26 = Annual Report‘& Accounts 2024

Strategic Report —

Chief Financial Officer's report

66 Alpha has demonstrated resilience in a more
challenging and competitive global consulting
market environment this year, with net fee
income rising by 2.8% and constant currency
growth in all regions. The adjusted EBITDA .
margin is 18.0%, with careful variable cost control.

ohn Paton officer The balance sheet remains robust with close to

. £30m net cash, and the Group starts FY 25 with
robust client demand and a strong pipeline of

new business opportunities.” °

Y

ee |  .
DY II0 Ly GGA ISIE
NOS EIS Se Serouys IIE EMM
ICeZLneseunch Y
COLLIE Ig

ENS

LALLY faivenythe-complexity ofthe assumptions underlying:the calcul
Bee ee I VL RAL, SE LO EE SAGIEINC CASS SOREIN
iY widedtorallowsturther ee Gi
j
re*motsreflectives ot

if
Lue
(Gf BSJyangADMsewhich-are;nro as
_- LI ey Geer NUS SIS
fi ‘ EM LLU LEE ey
is ES SS I ee
Uy ee i
7 SSIS SISOS i

adjustediorony

lon,
g SS SOI NSS OS Shes
SE ee
LSE LISS SNS ORAIBEHOI DANCE LADS

i
He
ony et

“iy
Gyles adlustincitems7as Sevouuinvcelailinncle ator
ee
Life
At

finan iy REARS, y
LLL SSIES LLL YO

f OG iS os
ULEL LALLA MY ELM Tl OLED YL ELL LLL
GI SSISS ZING IRE ECCI NEALE RS SAMA Sp Se
GL fe Mey
SMI SY
RSI SY EL AME ERLE ey

g i is
iy
Chrangetortt Shiai

Witty,
EL Z
Te POLE ats re Wee yy, y B ys SE
7 EL £5 LIS
Changs IZ COM mands fi 05 Yy 0 hi pines ‘al AGIA MEOICi
UO
neta LA MSM REE LEAMA EOC Ley Yy NOSED sorsveNeatwoulcioers Oye sien
ASI GSIELSLOIN SEIN CRAG SANE AN NONE NSE EONS ANE WY a Cea ALE LUC ARIEL ETA
ACL ASLAM AY A ARCA Ae LAY andradjusied EBITDAmarainwould:be714/0%(Fv723:717.098) Note:
i. Le
RS

Ipositionvar
i

bey CARS MOLE AILEY COBILOIBDICABCLOL GSS
Oo rLLCUhDhMhMOCO™O™——OO—OCO” yy
COU dk
AC GEGS g
lL

IGA DENG ite et
g
Wey
¢ EASIER OIIO measures, IE CONS Yes tele
LIME jj
neaptormati Gian gueionant SG INGA

SLIT NI ELLIE NSIC In an ing;

SOLE MMe Yj, MSM ee

Yee

iS oy

WALLET LULL LUELLA LULL LULL AOL yihe.con ssetsoutfunthe
Wie Le ee “eA

j
; J Bs SO outs

ororitn SESS, eueeg
Se ay MMS

Ley,
BESAIRE Considers nese mmeasutes Ad ondersiandingoaneY7
LeU Ie EMULE ULE DLA LE EE YY
SII

Le ee
sets ouutuniner celals/ovl aS AUM sal vecttll COnCIAtONtD,
MM Lie
—L ED
MI Ee iG
WN,

j
Se i



===== page 30 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 27

12 months to 12 months to
31 March 31 March

2024 2023 Change

Revenue £235.5m £228.7m 3.0%

Net fee income £233.6m £227.2m 2.8%
Gross profit £78.3m £80.4m (2.6%)
Operating profit £25.1m £28.6m (12.4%)
Adjusted EBITDA £42.2m £46.6m (9.5%)
Adjusted EBITDA margin 18.0% 20.5% (250 bps)
Adjusted profit before tax £38.5m £44.0m (12.5%)
Profit before tax £22.6m £25.8m (12.4%)
Adjusted EPS 24.90p 29.27p (14.9%)
Adjusted diluted EPS 23.34p 27.37p (14.7%)
Basic EPS. 13.85p 15.82p (12.5%)
Group results Our newer UK insurance consulting team consolidated its position

Group performance has been resilient this year, navigating a more
challenging and competitive market backdrop.

Revenue

In a more competitive market environment, the Group performed
resiliently this year with net fee income up by 2.8% compared

to the last financial year, and 4.8% on a constant currency basis,
mostly organically. Revenue also grew 3.0%, including increased
rechargeable expenses, compared to last year.

Overall, the Group's revenue and net fee income growth reflects
ongoing client demand across a slightly larger global consulting
team on average, set against the more competitive environment
and longer sales cycles generally. We were pleased to maintain
consistent consultant day rates overall, albeit at lower than target
average consultant utilisation, particularly during the first half
summer months. All our geographic regions delivered net fee
income growth on a constant currency basis in the year, with

an inorganic contribution from the acquisition of Shoreline.

The Group's largest geographic region, the UK, delivered good
4.7% organic net fee income growth on last year. We continued
to see robust client demand in our established practices, retaining
our market-leading reputation and supporting some of the highest
profile projects. This included substantial contributions from our
asset and wealth management capabilities in Investments, Operations
and Client & Digital, and UK Alternatives Consulting also delivering
strongly, growing their headcount by over 20% to 78.

Aiviq named in the 4
“WealthTech Top 100” (2023) WEALTHTECHIOO

2023

this year after strong growth in recent years. The UK ended the
year with total headcount of 385, down 9 in the year including a
mail recent restructuring process given UK market conditions.
Overall UK consultant utilisation ended the year below target
utilisation levels, firming closer to target levels through the first
quarter of FY 25,

Within the UK results, while Alpha's Data and Product Solutions
business, Aivig, delivered flat revenue against last year, it also
recently secured a major, new top-ten global asset management
client, underscoring the market-leading Aiviq technology offering.
We are delighted that Aiviq's proposition has been endorsed in
this way alongside recognition from a FinTech Global Wealth Tech
“Top 100” award in the year.

In North America, after almost doubling its top line in the previous year,
FY 24 saw a flatter profile with net fee income growing 3.8% on a
constant currency basis and easing 0.6% on a reported basis.
‘Our Alternative Investments Consulting business, Lionpoint, continued
to trade well enjoying strong client demand and adding 47 new
clients in the region. The North America business expanded its
domestic client base, as well as successfully capturing client
demand through a number of cross-selling opportunities with its
existing clients, although it experienced some fee rate compression
during the year. In line with the Group's selective approach to hiring
in FY 24, headcount in North America increased by 15 consultants
overall, including investing in the launch of our Insurance Consulting
offering in North America with two senior team hires. North America
witnessed the tougher market conditions earlier than the rest of
the Group and has started FY 25 with the team well deployed,
growing consultant numbers and a strong pipeline of interesting
project opportunities.

21 "Directors" refers to the executive and non-executive members of the Board; meanwhile “directors” refers to non-Board directors within the management teams of the Group.

alphafme.com

g
3
A
&
3
P
3
3
8



===== page 31 =====
28 = Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report
Chief Financial Officer's report continued

Revenue continued

Europe & APAC delivered the strongest regional growth in FY 24,
with net fee income increasing by 6.9% on a constant currency
basis and 6.1% overall. Organic net fee income growth was 1.4%,
with some rates progression in Europe, plus the acquisition of
Shoreline in APAC. Europe & APAC headcount remained flat overall,
in line with the Group's selective hiring approach. The Europe &
APAC region has started FY 25 well, with good utilisation being
enjoyed across all teams,

Given the more challenging market conditions prevalent this
year, the Group adopted a selective hiring approach, focused
‘on growth areas, and the number of consultants reached 1,000
by the year end (FY 23: 994). Despite a selective approach to
recruitment we remained committed to our well-established
graduate programme, the future talent of the Group, welcoming
a number of graduates through the year globally.

Group profitability

Group gross profit was £78.3m, £2.1m lower than the prior year
(FY 23: £80.4m). Gross profit margin was 33.5% (FY 23: 35.4%),
and consistent with H1. This primarily reflects reduced average
consultant utilisation in the competitive market environment,
alongside consistent day rates on average and increased costs
from selective investment in growing our team while maintaining
a competitive remuneration package, partly offset by active
management of variable costs given performance. Utilisation
levels were most affected through the second quarter's summer
months, ticking up through H2, and reaching close to target levels
of 70% to 75% on average globally towards the year end.

The UK business generated £2.0m less gross profit than last year,
at 36.2% gross margin (FY 23: 40.2%), reflecting lower consultant
utilisation levels than target and the previous year, particularly in
the insurance consulting and asset & wealth management teams,
alongside consistent day rates. North America's gross profit is
also lower than last year by £1.7m, generating 31.3% margin

{FY 23: 32.9%), reflecting good levels of average consultant
utilisation, some day rate compression in the region given the
competitive market, and a higher cost base accompanying

North America team growth. This includes the establishment

of an insurance consulting team in the region during the year.
Europe & APAC grew gross profit to £17.0m (FY 23: £15.4m),

with an improved margin of 32.7% (FY 23: 31.4%) reflecting good
average consultant day rate progression in Europe, partly offset
by an easing in utilisation, particularly in APAC. The North America
gross margin saw the greatest currency headwind in the Group.
On a constant currency basis, North America’s gross margin
would be broadly flat with the prior year.

Adjusted administration expenses, as detailed in note 4,
increased by £2.3m to £36.1m in the year (FY 23: £33.8m).

This increase mainly reflects investment in the Group's central
team in the second half of the prior year and increased overall
spend supporting the larger average consultant headcount base
including further office space and IT licences, partially offset by
lower recruitment spend in the year.

alphatme.com

66 Aresilient performance
through a more challenging
market environment.”

Including the adjusting items, which decreased against the

prior year, administration expenses increased overall to £53.2m
(FY 23: £51.7m) on a statutory basis, The adjusting items, set
out in note 4, decreased in the year to £14.3m (FY 23: £15.8m),
reflecting decreased earn-out and deferred consideration
charges, share-based payment charges and intangible asset
amortisation, partially offset by redundancy-related restructuring
costs in the year.

The lower earn-out and deferred consideration charge of £1.1m
(FY 23: £2.5m), reflects payments in the year and last year’s net
fair value increase in acquisition liabilities held. Further details on
the earn-out and deferred consideration charges are set out in
note 13. The share-based payment charge also reduced to £7.3m
(FY 23: £8.0m), having updated the input assumptions to reflect
FY 24's lower performance, Alpha's lower share price and share
option vests in the period. Further details of the share-based
payment charge and sensitivity analysis are set out in notes 4
and 22.

This year, the Group incurred £0.9m of restructuring costs,
relating to the exit fees and costs involved in a small UK
redundancy process. Acquisition and integration costs were
£0.3m (FY 23: £0.3m) as the Shoreline team was successfully
integrated into the Group during the first half. The acquired
intangibles amortisation charge decreased against the prior year,
reflecting some fully amortised intangibles, partly offset by the
newly acquired Shoreline intangibles. Further detail of these
adjusting items is set out in note 4.

The depreciation charge grew to £2.8m (FY 23: £1.9m), reflecting
increased depreciation on a higher lease right-of-use asset. The
amortisation of capitalised development costs was nil (FY 23: £0.2m)}
as the asset became fully amortised in the prior year.

Adjusted EBITDA was £42.2m (FY 23: £46.6m) and adjusted
EBITDA margin was 18.0% (FY 23: 20.5%), reflecting both the
lower gross profit and the higher adjusted administration
expenses. If no adjustment was made for the share-based
payment charge, adjusted EBITDA for the period would be
£34.8m (FY 23: £38.6m) and adjusted EBITDA margin would be
14.9% (FY 23: 17.0%). Operating profit was £25.1m (FY 23: £28.6m)
after also charging increased depreciation.


===== page 32 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 29

Currency

Currency translation was a headwind on net fee income and
profits during the year, particularly in North America. In the
year, pound sterling averaged USD 1.26 (FY 23: USD 1.21) and
CAD 1.69 (FY 23: CAD 1.59), which, with some other smaller
currency movements, resulted in an unfavourable net currency
effect on net fee income of £4.4m and on gross profit of £1.3m.
On a constant currency basis, North America net fee income
would have grown 3.8% and Europe & APAC net fee income
would have grown 6.9%.

Overall, the Group's net fee income would have grown 4.8% to
£238.0m on this constant currency basis. Similarly, the Group's
gross profit would have been £79.6m and would have reduced
0.9% on a constant currency basis.

Net finance expenses

Net finance expenses fell slightly to £2.5m (FY 23: £2.9m),
primarily reflecting reduced non-underlying finance expenses
relating to acquisition consideration discount unwinding, which
decreased given acquisition-related payments in the period, as
set out in note 13. This reduction was partially offset by increased
underlying interest expenses reflecting refinancing fees on enlarging
the Group's revolving credit facility ("RCF") and interest on
periodic RCF drawings, plus additional lease costs.

Adjusted profit before tax was £38.5m (FY 23: £44.0m) after
charging increased depreciation and net underlying finance
expenses, Statutory pre-tax profit was £22.6m (FY 23: £25.8m).
The larger decrease in adjusted profits as compared to statutory
profits is driven by the lower level of adjusting items and
non-underlying finance costs.

Taxation

The Group's taxation charge for the year was £6.7m (FY 23: £7.8m),
reflecting the lower taxable profits and the blended tax rate of the
increasingly international jurisdictions in which the Group operates,
as set out in note 8. The Group's cash tax payment in the year
was £7.6m (FY 23: £13.3m), reflecting increased prior year
payments as the Group moved to a quarterly tax payment cycle
in North America that year.

For further taxation details, see notes 8 and 9 to the consolidated
financial statements. Adjusted profit after tax is shown after
adjustments for the applicable tax on adjusting items as set out
in note 4.

Earnings per share

Adjusted earnings per share ("EPS") was 24.90p per share

(FY 23: 29.27p) and adjusted diluted EPS was 23.34p (FY 23:
27.37p), reflecting the adjusted profit after tax and the increased
number of weighted average shares, which increased as a result
of share option exercises in the current and prior periods, partly
offset by the Group's purchase of shares into Alpha’s employee
benefit trust ("EBT"). After including the adjusting items, basic
earnings per share was 13.85p (FY 23: 15.82p), while diluted EPS.
was 12.98p (FY 23: 14.79p), after including the dilutive effect of
the share options awards outstanding.

As at 31 March 2024, 11,227,844 share options (FY 23: 9,996,040)
remained outstanding, with FY 24 grants partly offset by some
share options exercised and forfeited in the year. See note 22 for
further detail.

Cash flow and net funds

Cash generated from operations was £20.4m (FY 23: £43.9m)
and, after adjusting for employment-linked acquisition payments,
acquisition, integration and restructuring costs, was £23.6m

(FY 23: £46.2m).

Underlying working capital remains well managed, with debtor
days within the typical range, albeit higher than the previous year.
The overall operating cash generation in FY 24 primarily reflects
profit share bonus payments relating to prior years, and their relative
size compared to the Group's profitability this year. These bonus
payments include both the payment of FY 23 profit share and the
second tranche of deferred FY 22 bonus payments. These payments

g
FI
8
a
3
a
g
3
8

* alongside the lower performance-adjusted bonus accruals in FY

24 result in an increased movement in working capital in the year.
Adjusted cash conversion is similarly affected and was 60%

(FY 23: 104%). We refined the definitions of adjusted cash
generated from operations and adjusted cash conversion in

FY 24 to exclude tax paid in the year, to allow for consistency

in the calculation to exclude tax from both profits and operating
cash flows in line with comparable companies, as detailed in

note 4. Given the weightings and timings of bonus payments,

we expect adjusted cash generated from operations and adjusted
cash conversion to return to more normal levels in FY 25.

During FY 24, the Group made payments of £17.0m relating to
deferred and contingent acquisition consideration principally as
regards Lionpoint, including £1.8m of employment-linked
amounts. Please see note 13 for further details.

The Group also provided £3.8m of funding to Alpha's employee
benefit trust ("EBT") to purchase 1,035,154 shares at the prevailing
market share price, to hold for the satisfaction of future award
vests. Alpha will likely fund the EBT further in the future to build
the shares held in the EBT for the satisfaction of future share
option exercises.

Net interest paid was £1.3m (FY 23: £0.5m), reflecting the higher
cost of maintaining and periodically drawing the Group's enlarged
RCF to manage the Group's ongoing currency requirements and
RCF refinancing fees paid, partially offset by interest income from
cash balances held.

The Group also capitalised expenditure of £0.3m in relation to
the development of enhancements to Aiviq’s client data and
analytics software.

Dividends paid increased to £16.2m (FY 23: £12.8m), reflecting
the Group's dividend policy and a consistent FY 24 interim
dividend payment.

At the year end, the Group's cash position was £29.4m

(FY 23: £59.2m). During the year, the Group refinanced and
upscaled its RCF to a £50.0m facility to provide additional
liquidity, and alongside the net cash position, provides Alpha
further flexibility.

alphafme.com


===== page 33 =====
30 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report
Chief Financial Officer's report continued

Statement of financial position

The Group's net assets at 31 March 2024 totalled £148.5m

(FY 23: £149.3m), This movement principally arises from the
retained profits net of dividends and other reserves movements.
including additional share-based payment reserves, offset by
foreign exchange losses on overseas assets. The Group
continues to maintain a strong financial position.

The Group's non-current assets movement principally results
from ongoing amortisation and depreciation charges on intangible
assets and right-of-use assets on leases, partly offset by goodwill
and intangibles added as part of the Shoreline acquisition.

Working capital remains well managed. Trade and other
receivables balances increased in FY 24 through the ongoing
growth in the business. Debtor collections continued to be strong,
albeit with debtor days increasing on the previous year's strong
collections and closing balance.

Trade and other payables balances decreased, principally
representing lower performance-adjusted bonus accruals and
acquisition liabilities. The decrease in acquisition-related deferred
consideration and earn-out liabilities reflects Lionpoint deferred
and contingent consideration payments, partially offset by
employment-linked consideration as well'as the unwinding of
discounting in the year, as disclosed in note 13.

As at 31 March 2024, the Company had 122,009,736 ordinary
shares in issue (FY 23: 120,509,736), of which no shares were
held in treasury and 7,537,366 shares were held in the Company's
EBT to satisfy future option exercises (FY 23: 6,274,380).

Dividends

In view of the recommended cash offer to acquire Alpha by Bidco,
a newly incorporated indirect subsidiary of certain funds managed
by Bridgepoint, the Board is not recommending a final dividend.

If the acquisition does not complete, it is expected that the Board
would declare a final dividend in respect of FY 24 at a later date.

Risk management and the year ahead

The Group's risk management approach includes regular
monitoring of macro-economic and end-market conditions and
assessing the potential impacts across all business areas. In the
risk management framework, which was reviewed during the
year, the senior leadership team, including the Chief Executive
Officer and me as Chief Financial Officer, has primary responsibility
for keeping abreast of developments that may affect the implementation
of the Group's strategy and financial performance. This entails
identifying and agreeing the appropriate mitigating actions that
should be taken and ensuring, as far as possible, that those
actions are then executed by the senior management team.

The Board as a whole oversees risk and, within that framework,
considers the material risks that the Group faces and agrees

on the principal risks and uncertainties. Alpha has a set of core
Company values, which are embedded globally, that reflect the
Group's ethical and responsible approach to operating and
managing the business.

alphafme.com

Alpha has navigated well through this more challenging year.
While closely monitoring the ongoing market rebalancing, Alpha
continues to enjoy a strong pipeline of new business opportunities
and incrementally improving current trading. The structural drivers
in the sectors in which we operate, which drive ongoing demand
for Alpha's services, remain prevalent. We are confident in the
quality of our people, our excellent market reputation, and business
opportunities to extend the service offering, and therefore the
Board looks forward to further progress ahead.

The Board has considered all of the above factors in its review
of going concern and has been able to conclude the review
positively. While cognisant of potential macro-economic risks
and the more competitive environment, the Group's talented
people, widening range of service offerings and international
footprint, together with the long-term structural drivers, position
the Group well.

. Summary and current trading

in amore competitive market environment with a longer sales
cycle, the Group performed resiliently in the year. The Group has
grown net fee income, while maintaining consistent consultant
day rates.

While the global consulting market continues to rebalance

and present some challenges, a more positive market sentiment
is returning, with improving sales wins over recent months.
Utilisation rates ticked up in the final quarter of FY 24, close

to target levels overall, maintaining this level into the early part
of FY 25.

We are very confident in the quality of our people, our excellent
market reputation, and business opportunities to extend the
service offering for our clients further. Accordingly, the Group
remains well positioned for the future.

John Paton
Chief Financial Officer

20 June 2024


===== page 34 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 31

Section 172 statement

Under Section 172(1) of the

Companies Act 2006, a director The likely consequence of
of a company must act in the any decision in the long term.
way that they consider, in good

faith, would be most likely to

promote the success of the

company for the benefit of its

EEE aREEES

members as a whole, and in The interests of the
doing so have regard (amongst company’s employees.
other matters) to:

The need to foster the company’s
business relationships with suppliers,
customers and others.

The impact of the company’s operations
on the community and the environment.

The desirability of the company maintaining
a reputation for high standards
of business conduct.

The need to act fairly between
members of the company.

The following disclosure describes how the Directors have had regard to the
matters set out in Section 172(1)(a) to (f) and forms the Directors’ statement
under Section 414CZA of the Companies Act 2006.

The Directors remain committed to engaging with the Group's stakeholders
and considering their interests when making strategic decisions.

alphafme.com



===== page 35 =====
32 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report
Section 172 statement continued

Key Board de

ms during the year

The Board considers the following to be the key decisions and considerations that it has made during the year to 31 March 2024:

April

June

July

August

Board decision Considerations
The Board formally approved the appointment — — To provide effective executive leadership that will ensure the
of Luc Baqué as Chief Executive Officer on sustainable, long-term success of the Group.
1 April 2023, i
The Directors approved the acquisition of — To support the long-term growth and success of the Group
Shoreline (see pp 132-133 for details). by incorporating Shoreline’s complementary client base,
employee skill sets and capabilities.
— To enable the Group to take advantage of opportunities in
APAC and provide a platform for further growth in this region.
— To broaden the range of services and expertise the Group
provides its clients and maintain its position as a market leader.
The Board reviewed and approved the | — To provide transparent and accurate information to the market.
FY 23 Full Year Resutts and the Annual Report
and Accounts.
The Board considered and agreed to ' — To address the interests of shareholders in the context of
recommend a final dividend of 10.50p for FY 23 the long term while maintaining the Group's policy of paying
approximately 50% of adjusted profits.
The Board appointed the Group's first in-house  — To further strengthen the Group's corporate governance
Company Secretary. framework, thereby safeguarding the interests of
shareholders and other stakeholders.
The Board approved the grant of FY 24 equity — To reward and incentivise the management of the Group
incentive awards to management and certain and ensure the alignment of interests between employees
employees of the Group. . and shareholders.
The Board approved the exercise of options — To reward and incentivise the management and employees
that had vested under the management of the Group and ensure the alignment of interests between
incentive plan and employee incentive plan to employees and shareholders.

management and certain employees of the
Group, together with the purchase of the
Company's own shares by the employee
benefit trust to satisfy the exercise of share
options awards.

September

The Board undertook a scenario planning — To ensure the accuracy of forecast performance and consider
exercise to review the FY 24 forecast against potential outcomes against a range of market conditions.
prevailing market conditions.

The Board considered and approved the FY 24 — To provide transparent, accurate and timely information to
interim pre-close trading update to the market. the market.

alphafme.com


===== page 36 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 33

Board decision

Considerations

November The Board reviewed and approved the FY 24
Interim Report and payment of the FY 24
interim dividend of 3.70p to shareholders.

— To provide transparent and accurate information to the
market and to address the interests of shareholders in the
context of the long term while maintaining appropriate levels
of reserves to run the business effectively.

The Board reviewed the provisions of the newly
published 2023 QCA Corporate Governance
Code and agreed steps to ensure compliance
with its recommendations from 1 April 2024.

— To ensure that the Group's governance mechanisms reflect
best practice, taking into consideration the interests and evolving
expectations of its shareholders and broader stakeholders.

The Board approved the exercise of options
that had vested under the management
incentive plan and employee incentive plan
for management and certain employees of
the Group.

January

— To reward and incentivise the management and employees
of the Group and ensure the alignment of interests between
employees and shareholders.

The Board considered and approved the
release of a Trading Update to communicate
an update to FY 24 performance expectations,

— To provide transparent, accurate and timely information to
the market.

— To agree on actions relating to revised profit expectations.

In accordance with the Remuneration
Committee's recommendations, the Board
undertook to consult with major shareholders
on proposed updates to the Remuneration
Policy for Executive Directors, to take effect
‘on 1 April 2024.

— To ensure that remuneration arrangements evolved in line
with market practice and investors’ expectations.

— To provide a remuneration structure that will enable share
option dilution levels to be reduced over time.

At each meeting, the Chief Executive Officer updated the Board on the Group's businesses, geographies and progress on key client

relationships and engagements.

Further details on the Group's strategy and long-term decisions are set out in the Chairman's report on pp 9-11, the Chief Executive

Officer's report on pp 12-15 and in the strategy section on pp 22-23.

g
3
5
2
3
2
3
3
8



===== page 37 =====
34 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

Section 172 statement continued

Engagement with
key stakeholders

The Board considers its key
stakeholders to be its employees,
shareholders, clients and the
communities in which it operates.
The Board also recognises other
‘stakeholder groups including
vendors and suppliers, industry
bodies and competitors with
which Alpha works or associates
in the marketplace. Engaging
effectively with these stakeholders
strengthens the Group's business
relationships and decision making
and, therefore, supports its
long-term success.

alphafme.com

Why we engage

Employees 322)

Attracting, retaining and developing
the best talent is essential to Alpha's
business success. The Group is
committed to providing a highly
rewarding workplace and maintaining
a strong, meritocratic, and inclusive
culture that recognises the
importance of our people and
encourages open communication.

Shareholders

The Group prioritises open
communication and effective
‘engagement with its shareholders,
whose support is integral to long-term
growth and success.

Stakeholder key interests

— Career progression.

— Recognition.

— Training and development.
— Morale and motivation.

— Engagement and feedback.
— Reputation.

— Wellbeing.

— Health and safety.

— Diversity and inclusion.

— Sustainability.

— Financial performance
including share price
performance and dividends.
— Governance and transparency.
— Operating and financial information.
— Confidence and trust in the
Group's Directors.
— Transparency and

appropriateness of Executive
Director remuneration structures.

How we engage

— Global employee
feedback framework.

— Leadership communications.
— Monthly Company meetings.
— Competitive remuneration package.

— Professional qualification and other
training opportunities.

— Employee success framework.
— Mentoring.
— Management incentive programme.

— Diversity & Inclusion programme
and networks.

— CSR networks.

— Dedicated investor section on the
website and AIM Rule 26 disclosures.

— Investor strategy updates.
— Capital markets days.

— Interim and preliminary
results announcements.

— One-to-one meetings
with investors.

— Investor conferences/roadshows.

— Annual Report, including details
of how the Quoted Companies
Alliance Corporate Governance
Code has been applied.

— Annual Genera! Meeting, including
a voluntary vote on the re-election
of all Directors each year.

— During April 2024, the Group
consulted with major shareholders
on updates to the Remuneration
Policy (see pp 86-91 for details). It
is also intended that a shareholder
vote on remuneration will be
introduced at the 2025 AGM.



===== page 38 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 35

Clients Communities 2
3

o

ee

6

‘ ‘i 5 ‘ a - |

The Group's success is based on delivering a The Group is a growing, profitable business committed to fostering the | ?

| proposition that helps its clients address their | same growth and success within the communities in which it operates, | 9
| challenges and capitalise on their opportunities. ‘including supporting relevant or active organisations in those communities. | id

The Group works hard at developing and sustaining As part of this engagement, the Group also considers its corporate
long-term client relationships, which it supports responsibility and how to maximise the positive environmental and social
through its global team of consultants and by || impacts of its activities, and to minimise the downsides, giving a solid
extending the range of services it offers and the ! baseline for developing relevant action plans and targets. |
| types of projects it carries out. |
i

i

i

i

~— Specialist industry proposition. | | — Effective and transparent engagement with local communities.

— Integrated end-to-end service offering, || — Available ESG reporting and disclosures.
— Excellent service delivery. | | = Working closely with charities, corporate social responsibility ("CSR")

: || partners and other organisations.

— Continuous development of practices,
— Contributing to awareness of diversity, inclusion and other
‘sustainability-related topics.

— Taking effective action on climate change.

products and services.

' — Subject matter expertise. i

— Emphasis on client satisfaction. .
— Ability and experience to help clients shape hops Pursuing a positive impact on local and globa! environments.

their business for the future.

— Diversity and Inclusion networks and initiatives, developing and
empowering Alpha’s people with shared knowledge, toolkits
and training,

| — Senior level client relationship management.
H
| — Work on climate change and carbon offsetting.
i

— Continuous client satisfaction monitoring.
| = Regular assessment of client demand

and interests.
| ; | — E8G reporting including the Sustainability Accounting Standards
— Industry round tabl . :
| — Industry round table discussions ' Board and the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related
— Dialogue with vendors, regulators and Financial Disclosures.
industry bodies. _ , vn
ry bodies. | | = The Group's Sustainability Report and relevant sections within the

— Publication of market and industry insights. _ Annual Report. . i
: i
|

— Alpha Outlook whitepapers and

— Energy usage and emissions reporting.
thought leadership.

— Charity of the Year programme. :

— Taking appropriate steps where regulations are introduced by |
establishing new policies. !

| || — Modern Slavery Statement and Living Wage accreditation.

— Tax evasion and anti-bribery policies, supported by
whistleblowing policy,

— CSR schemes and initiatives, including mentoring schemes for
young people from lower socioeconomic backgrounds and :
! team-coordinated fundraising for charities.

alphatme.com


===== page 39 =====
36 = Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

Looking after our people

Alpha’s success depends on the

Our core values define who we are both

expertise and dedication of our people. as a company and as professionals

We strive to provide the best service and deliver exceptional client
results. Our highly talented people enable us to do this as they

deliver complex, transformative and strategically important projects
for our clients. Alpha is therefore committed to attracting, ‘Senay ase
retaining and developing the best team in the industry.

We want the years that our people spend working at Alpha to be
the best of their career, and we believe that providing a positive
and inspiring work environment will help to foster a high-performance
culture that delivers exceptional outcomes for clients, as well as
great professional and personal fulfilment for our employees.

What we offer

The talented graduates and experienced consultants who join
Alpha benefit from our distinctive and highly attractive proposition,
built on:

— Astrong corporate culture that places people at the heart
of the business;

— Our reputation as the leading consultancy in the sectors
in which we operate;

— Opportunities to gain invaluable experience by working in small
teams on high-profile, industry-defining projects;

— Comprehensive training, development and feedback to build
consulting skills and specialist knowledge;

— Career progression based on merit, with no fixed period
at any level;

— Recognition of talent on an individual level, while encouraging
and celebrating success at a team level;

— An open and inclusive environment with a strong employee
‘support framework for people of all levels and backgrounds;

— An entrepreneurial environment where ideas to develop our
business are welcomed;

— Ahighly competitive compensation package, including
benefits and participation in the Group's profit-sharing or Accountability
cash bonus schemes; and

— Management incentives that celebrate success and recognise
contributions to Group performance.

alphafme.com

We provide deep expertise
in our specialist areas

We provide a meritocratic, sociable
and supportive environment - we
want to be recognised as the best
place to work in our industry, with
personal career progression

based on transparent and
meritocratic considerations

Everything we do is defined by
integrity - we hold ourselves to the
highest standards of transparency,
honesty and personal integrity

We are socially and
ethically responsible

We pride ourselves on working
collaboratively with our clients

We are proactive - we use our
extensive personal and corporate
experience to find solutions

We take accountability for
delivery - we own and take
responsibility for outcomes


===== page 40 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 37

Emphasis on culture and inclusion

Alpha puts people at the heart of the business, so that they fee!
engaged and empowered to drive success, both at an individual
and team level. We take enormous pride in creating and fostering
an environment where everyone can thrive.

To ensure this, we base our corporate culture on integrity, fairness
and meritocracy and our people management frameworks favour
inclusion, sociability and support. We believe this is a key reason
why we have lower staff attrition rates than many of our peers,
with many of our team having been at Alpha for 10 years or longer.
‘We are proud to be a company where people fee! they can grow.

Focus on diversity and inclusion

Championing diversity and equity and fostering an inclusive
culture at all levels are key elements of our approach to looking
after our people. We operate several employee-managed networks
globally that champion ethnic and cultural diversity, social mobility,
gender equality, wellbeing, disability confidence - including our
accreditation as a Disability Confident Level 2 employer ~ and
pride (LGBTQ+).

We are committed to ensuring that our people, structures and culture
work together to improve diversity and inclusion at all levels of the
organisation, particularly at senior levels, where decision making
is concentrated and representation is vital. More information can
be found about this in the Sustainable Business section on p. 44.

The power

of our people
peoP of Wa base
fester

Guplloyse taste

Alpha invests in our people
through three key areas,
mentorship, training
opportunities and providing
diverse experiences.

We aim to provide a supportive environment of senior
mentors and professional coaches, as well as enable
upwards feedback to ensure every employee is given the
opportunity to thrive and grow. We also provide training
at every lével upon promotion in addition to hands-on
training throughout the year. Furthermore, we ensure our
rising talent has a diverse set of client experiences to well
round their consulting and technical skills.

Alpha's consultants demonstrate a wide variety of qualities
and values that adds to the effectiveness and collaborative
nature of our teams. Our consultants provide deep expertise
in Alpha's specialist areas and take accountability for delivery
through ownership over client outcomes. Their work is
defined by integrity and held to the highest standards of
transparency and honesty. Alpha consultants are proactive,
and use their extensive personal and corporate experience
to find the best solutions for clients.

In order to continue to foster a meritocratic approach to
talent, Alpha maintains a relatively flat hierarchy, ensuring
all consultants have access to senior leadership to provide
them with the support they need to succeed. Great ideas
are encouraged and recognised across levels. Many of
our best ideas have come from a consultant proactively
bringing an idea to life and collaborating with colleagues
to make it a success.

Natalie McIntyre
Technology Consutting Lead,

Asset & Wealth Management Consulting
North America

alphatme.com


===== page 41 =====
38 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report
Looking after our people continued

Astrong record of recruitment and retention

Alpha is sought after as an employer thanks to its excellent
reputation, positive and collaborative culture, prestigious client
relationships and increasing range of opportunities that our
strategy provides ambitious professionals. In hiring, we look for
extremely talented individuals from all backgrounds who show
strong commitment and the desire to succeed, and we review
‘our recruitment processes continually to ensure that they are
thorough and effective and integrate diversity considerations
at every stage.

Once on board, our employees are provided with the specialist
knowledge, support and training that they need to thrive. At Alpha
we are committed to providing a high-quality onboarding experience
for new employees. We ensure that new employees are quickly
allocated a mentor who will welcome them to the firm and
support them with their professional development.

66 While we focus on identifying
and attracting the right people
to Alpha, it is also important
that we can retain, nurture and
develop the best consulting
talent in the market.”



===== page 42 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 39

For us, it is important that new employees feel part of the Alpha
community from the start. Our efforts to ensure an excellent working
environment, exciting opportunities for career development and
highly competitive compensation packages have been critical
factors in the Group's growth over the last years, alongside
maintaining strong retention for our industry.

Creating a social and supportive environment

Alpha organises oversight and support for its people through a
number of coordinated functions: HR, Recruitment & Learning,
Responsible Business and management members who are
responsible for diversity, people and talent locally. The teams
are organised by regions and individual teams as appropriate,
allowing for a highly agile, efficient and connected network of
‘support for ail our people.

We strive for Alpha to provide as inclusive, sociable, and supportive
an environment as possible. Our management teams, social
teams, HR teams and other groups regularly work on ideas and
opportunities to bring together Alpha as a community. We also
review Alpha's social agendas to ensure activities are attractive
to all our employees, and we encourage our people to get involved
in making these plans and arrangements so that different
viewpoints and interests can be captured.

Akey focus of the corporate teams, including HR and Recruitment,
is to support the business as we grow geographically across different
sectors. In the past year, this has included successful implementation
of a new, leading HR information system and the development of
HR frameworks for different career paths, as the Group grows
and continues to broaden its client proposition globally.

Learning and development

We have training programmes extending across all grades, from
analyst to director, who receive high-quality training and upskilling
‘on valuable topics for their roles. Examples include upskilling on
content knowledge, presentation skills, people management,
‘sales and delivery excellence.

All employees are also encouraged to take a proactive approach
to their career development. The Group provides access to
Linkedin Learning for all employees, meaning they are able to
supplement their professional development, and further develop
their skillsets across a number of topics, such as communication,
presentation, technology and problem solving skills. Furthermore,
relevant formal certifications are encouraged to support the
development of individual career paths and corporate expertise.

Alongside these formal training initiatives, we ensure that
employees gain unique knowledge and practical experience by
working alongside more experienced colleagues and attending
meetings with some of our client organisations’ most senior and
influential people. We also offer secondments and permanent
moves between geographies and consulting practices, which
provides our people with a possible range of wider experiences
and development opportunities within the Alpha business.

Career progression

We are proud to be a Group where people recognise future
opportunities and feel they can grow. Alpha has a meritocratic
approach to career progression where our consultants have the
opportunity to progress based on their performance. We do not
subscribe to a “fixed time” at each level.

g
FS
8
é
3
2
g
3
8

We believe the ability to take on responsibilities early, receive
mentoring and oversight from experienced consultants, alongside
relevant development and training plans, allows for rapid progression
and is essential in attracting the most talented consultants to join
us. Many of our current director team joined Alpha as graduates
or early in their careers, meaning our senior team has a deep
understanding of the organisation and culture, while providing
continuity to employees.

External benchmarking confirms that the average time to
progress from graduate to director is significantly tess than our
peers. This is aided by our belief in promoting from within where
possible and identifying opportunities for staff at all levels of the
Group. These factors help us stand out from our competitors and
enable us to attract top-quality talent.

Recognising that everyone's career path is individual, we place
great importance on mentoring and feedback. Mentors help to
guide development throughout the year, alongside mid-year and
annual performance reviews and regular feedback touchpoints
with project leads. As part of a new HR information system
roll-out in FY 24, we have implemented a feedback mechanism
that allows 360-degree feedback at any time.

Employee communications and feedback

We use a range of channels to facilitate employee communication,
collaboration and engagement. Each regional team has regular
company meetings to update on key business topics and provide
the opportunity for Q&A. The senior management team, including
the CEO, uses internal communication channels to celebrate
successes and provide updates in important areas; recent topics
have included diversity and inclusion and the announcement of
Alpha’s first public diversity target.

We take time to understand the team’s sentiment about life at
Alpha and identify strengths and areas for focus. As such, we also
provide a range of anonymised channels to facilitate employee
engagement including an annual anonymous feedback survey.
Employee feedback has led to many new initiatives that include
changes to internal policies, communication formats and technology
improvements. This year, we have introduced the employee net
promoter score (“eNPS") to enhance our insight. While this is a
new concept for all members of the Group, with which we will
need time to familiarise, we were very pleased with a first eNPS
rating of “good”.

alphafme.com


===== page 43 =====
40 = Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

Sustainable business

At Alpha, our dedication to
sustainable business practices is
integrated across our operations,
reflecting our commitment to long-
term success and positive stakeholder
outcomes. Over the past year, we

have made progress in the Group's
environmental, social, and governance
(“ESG”) agenda, including releasing
our first Sustainability Report, which
details this. Looking ahead, we have
defined a number of ambitions to
continue our positive momentum.

jsit us online to see our Sustainability Report

Alongside our internal efforts, Alpha’s ESG & Responsible
Investment practice is a core and growing part of the work we
do with clients. Our consulting teams actively advise on ESG
within the investment community, across the asset and wealth
management, alternatives and insurance sectors. These teams
employ distinct approaches to navigate ESG demands, for
example supporting financial services organisations in defining
their ESG and responsible investment strategies, in adapting to
regulatory changes and leveraging technology and data
management approaches in managing ESG commitments.

We hope that our sustainability efforts continue to build trust
across our diverse stakeholder groups, including investors,
clients, employees, and industry bodies.

Highlights from the year

There have been a number of key developments across
the Alpha Group in identifying and progressing ESG goals.
This year we:

— Conducted a materiality assessment and developed
our ESG roadmap, involving analysis of the needs of a
wide range of our stakeholders and assessment of
benchmarking data from the AIM ESG specialist
third-party consultancy, Addidat;

— Set our first Group diversity target for women and nonbinary
employees in our global director team (25% in five years);

— Conducted our first UK Gender Pay Gap disclosure;

— Became a member of the UN Guiding Principles
reporting framework;

— Continued to deepen and refine our emissions reporting
under SECR, working closely with Normative; a
partnership now in its second year;

— Released our first standalone Sustainability Report;

— Produced our first Task Force on Climate-related Financial
Disclosures report;

— Increased the level of our annual Carbon Disclosure
Project reporting;

- Conducted Energy Saving Opportunity Scheme reporting
in the UK; and

~ Made our first voluntary submission to the UN Global
Compact demonstrating how we integrate the global
leading responsible business principles into our operations.


===== page 44 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 a

Strong governance \

As a growing business, maintaining
strong governance is central to our ’
operations and strategy.

au SIBa}eNS

This year we have focused on ensuring our governance
frameworks and policies are a continuing strength for Alpha,
including maintaining robust oversight and proper business
practices; an increasing area of interest with our stakeholders.

|
S|

We continually scan the regulatory horizon and assess the
Group's exposure to and appetite for risk, which may result in
the development of new policies and processes, or updates to
existing policies and processes. Further information on Alpha’s
risk management framework is detailed in the Risk Management
section of the Strategic Report on pp 52-56.

This year, we have combined our policies into a newly created
and publicly available Corporate Compliance Manual.

Compliance with these policies by all employees is supported
by our policies and adherence framework.

Alpha's policies and adherence framework

The framework ensures that our operations meet the stringent requirements expected of a public company, that we adhere to the
highest ethical standards, and that our policies are easily accessible and complied with by all Alpha staff,

Relevant Employee Policies Mandatory Training Components

Effective adherence to policies
‘comes from an understanding of their
Practical implications and importance.
Alpha’s extensive employee policies
and guidelines clearly define expected
behaviours and procedures. To
‘support this, any new joiner must
read core policies as part of
‘onboarding and employees more
broadly must acknowledge any
updated policies systematically.

Terms of Employment

Aipha's employment agreements and
contracts include relevant and rigorous,
clauses both to enforce confidentiality,
and to require all people to comply
with the Group's policies and
procedures. These terms are
fundamental to employment practices.

Communication

Mandatory
Trainin

All employees complete annual training
‘on policies where there is a regulatory
angle or where we determine a
significant level of potential risk to

our business or business functions.
Training includes reinforcing the
components of the policy, testing
individuals on their understanding,
‘and capturing attestation.

Values and Culture

Our corporate values (see p. 36) are
underpinned by integrity, collaboration
and responsibility. We monitor those
attributes through relevant core
competencies in our success
frameworks, which are assessed
annually. Acting with integrity and
corporate citizenship are of high
importance and they encompass
compliance with company policies
and those of our clients,

‘We send annual reminders to our team on the importance of training The external
and attestation of key policies. Communications are also sent during the
year if there are new policies or policy components. Alpha will also use
‘communication channels to highlight any practical examples of when a
policy is relevant or has applied.

transparency of our
policies is also a key focus
and we have published the
Corporate Compliance

Manuat?? on the
Alpha website.

22 Our Corporate Compliance Manual includes the following policies: anti-bribery and
Corruption, Criminal Finances Act: ant-faciltation of tax avoidance, Modern Slavery
statement, whistleblowing policy, sanctions policy, MNPI shara-dealing policy, conficts
of interest and outside business interests policy, equily diversity and inclusion policy,
information security policy, business continuly policy, and privacy policy.

alphafme.com


===== page 45 =====
42 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report
Sustainable business continued

Strong governance continued

Corporate Governance Code

As in previous years, Alpha continues to align with the QCA Code,
reflecting our dedication to maintaining the highest standards of
corporate conduct. In 2023 the Code was updated, and the first
disclosures in line with this are required in 2025. The Group has
taken proactive steps to ensure that it complies with these new
principles for the financial year beginning 1 April 2024.

The corporate governance report on pp 70-75 sets out further
information about the Group's governance framework and how
the Board complies with the principles of the QCA Code.

Board diversity

As well as being important for Alpha’s own D&l programme,
the diversity of Board members is a key interest for external
stakeholders and a focus of emerging regulation.

The Group believes that the Board's current composition brings
an appropriate diversity of skills, personal qualities, credentials,
and perspectives and the Board benefits from a balance of
gender diversity. You can read more about Board diversity at
Alpha in the Nomination Committee report on p. 77.

Information and cybersecurity

Alpha remains committed to maintaining a secure operational
environment, which is crucial for protecting our business,
investors, employees, and clients from the threat of cyber-attacks
and data breaches. As part of this ongoing commitment, we
ensure that cybersecurity and information security form a
fundamental part of operations, management responsibilities.
and oversight discussions. We recognise that while technology
and specialist third parties form the backbone of our
cybersecurity measures, our staff will often represent the first
line of defence. We have a number of security pillars in place
to ensure that they are adequately prepared in identifying and
responding to any cyber, information or data security threats.
We conduct simulated phishing exercises at least quarterly;
‘we mandate annual training and attestation on Alpha's data
handling policy; we ensure that information security policies
and support contacts are accessible; and we conduct ad hoc
training on cybersecurity hot topics as appropriate.

This training and testing forms part of our broader cybersecurity
approach that is managed by Alpha's Head of IT, supported

by an Information Security lead. Executive oversight for the
security framework comes from the Group's Managing Director.
This framework includes:

= Comprehensive suite of information security policies and
procedural controls, based upon best practices from NIST
framework, Policies are reviewed annually and disclosed
publicly in the Corporate Compliance Manual on our website;

— Third-party securities operations centre ("SOC") that
monitors the network 24/7 for suspicious activity or
anomalous behaviour that could pose a threat to the Group;

— Regular promotion of good cyber hygiene across the global
Alpha workforce with annual mandatory learning, testing,
regular training campaigns and assessments;

— Two factor authentication log-in, industry-leading cloud
security tools and auto-backups managed by cloud vendors;

— Appropriate due diligence, vetting and annual auditing of
cloud providers to validate information security and risk posture;

— Quarterly effectiveness review and adjustments of our
infosec processes in line with continual improvement of
Alpha’s security posture;

— Proactive testing of technical defences through externa!
team exercises, annual penetration tests of internet facing
assets, anti-virus software real-time scanning, and internal
phishing assessments;

— A Data Privacy Working Group that manages incident
response; and

— Extensive cybersecurity insurance policy coverage.

While a strong cybersecurity framework is required Group wide,
this is particularly important for Aiviq due to its product offering.
Aiviq adopts a Zero Trust security approach, and since
November 2021 has attained ISO27001 certification, which is
regularly audited and renewed annually. In 2024 Aiviq will be
recertifying, as per the 15027001 stipulations. In addition,

Aivig obtained its Cyber Essentials Plus certifications this year,
bolstering the security of the business further.

These combined measures allow the Group to provide a secure
and reliable service for employees, clients and other stakeholders,
which is vital to the long-term sustainability of the business.

[Eefread more about the management of information and cyber
risks in the principal risks section on p. 59

alphafme.com



===== page 46 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 43

ESG governance and reporting

The ESG Committee of the Board, oversees the development
and implementation of the Group's ESG strategy and roadmap.
The Committee works alongside senior leadership and the
Responsible Business team, who support the Group in regulatory
horizon scanning, addressing ESG demands, and progressing
Alpha’s ESG roadmap.

In early 2024 we delivered an important milestone by publishing
our first standalone Sustainability Report. A key objective of this
report was to provide transparency and increase engagement
between Alpha and stakeholders on ESG focus areas and objectives.
An important part of this has been the completion of a comprehensive
ESG materiality assessment to align our strategy with best practices
and stakeholder expectations, and to identify the key issues and
opportunities that Alpha should prioritise in its ESG roadmap.

‘Alpha remains fully compiiant with all current applicable ESG regulation,
which includes tutfling the following ESG reporting requirements:

Publicly available disclosures Availability
Energy use (greenhouse gas) p. 47
reporting (UK), in line with

Streamlined Energy and Carbon

Reporting ("SECR”)

Task Force on Climate-related pp 48-51
Financial Disclosures (“TCFD")

The Energy Savings Opportunity alphafme.com

‘Scheme regulations (“ESOS”)

UK Companies Act and Climate
Change Act

Modern Stavery Act

‘Annual Report,
various sections

alphafme.com

Gender Pay Gap reporting in the UK
and Gender Equality Index Score
in France

alphafme.com

Governance, risk and
compliance ("GRC") requirement
for a reporting framework

‘Annual Report,
Sustainability Accounting
Standards Board ("SASB")
disclosure, pp 154-157

Alpha also voluntarily aligns with the United Nations Global Compact
(‘UNGC’). The Human Rights, Labour, and Anti-Corruption
Principles are integrated in our policies, as referenced in the
Strong Governance section of this report. We continue to make
Strides with the Environment Principles, as detailed in the
environment section on pp 46-47 and further in our Sustainability
Report. We will continue to review our alignment bi-annually and
engage with the UN Global Compact team on a quarterly basis.

Alpha also aligns with the Carbon Disclosure Project ("CDP")
when engaged to do so by clients, providing a view of our
sustainability performance to support their procurement
processes. We have again this year reported to Ecovadis for our
French operations and achieved a Silver rating, which confirms
that the approaches we take across sustainability and managing
risk are above average for our industry.

2
Ft
8
2
3
Pa
3
3
eg

f



===== page 47 =====
44 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report
Sustainable business continued

Social

At Alpha, we recognise that our people are our greatest strength,
and understand that the success of the Group is directly linked to the
empowerment, performance, and wellbeing of our team. Our efforts
will continue to allow the business to provide a diverse, inclusive and
engaging workplace for all, over the long term.

Diversity, equity and inclusion

Alpha is an equal opportunities employer, and we know that
taking steps to improve diversity, equity and inclusion (“DEI”) in
the workplace is key to ensuring an equitable future for all, which
in turn supports our intention to be a company where everyone
can thrive and contribute to the success of the Group.

In recognition of this, the past year represents a pivotal moment
in our journey. This year, to further substantiate our DEI ambitions,
we set our first diversity target: for 25% of our global director

team to be women or nonbinary in five years. Our baseline for that
target is 13%, as reported in our 2023 Annual Report, and we are
pleased to report that our director team comprises 16% women
and nonbinary individuals {as of 31 March 2024),

This target was defined through extensive internal consultations,
including 40 workshops with over 50 senior stakeholders across
the business. Our target is also data driven, closely linked to the
Global Equal Opportunities survey information. The survey was
launched in 2023, and has seen a strong initial uptake, enabling
us to assess the Group's diversity profile now and on an
‘ongoing basis.

Please see our SASB disclosure on p. 156 for further details on
this target. We will report on our progress against this target in
future years, as well as the development and delivery of our action
plans and diversity targets.

Initiatives and networks

At Alpha, our commitment to diversity and inclusion continues

to be a fundamental part of our culture, underpinned by an active
global programme of volunteers. Central to this are the six
voluntary employee-ied networks, which each play a crucial role
in shaping our corporate culture. These cover Disability Confidence,
Ethnic and Cultural Diversity, Gender Equality, Social Mobility,
Pride and Wellbeing.

Each network provides a platform for dialogue, awareness-raising,
learning, planning, and action, contributing significantly to our DEI
initiatives and ESG roadmap. Example initiatives from our global
teams in the last year include the launch of an anonymous
speak-up platform, social mobility-focused internships, and DEI
training programmes for leadership and staff, using both online
and third-party providers. For example, Alpha partnered with
Leqture for International Women's Day to host an online event
series covering a range of topics including gender equality,
allyship, inclusion and leadership.

alphafme.com

The Social Mobility internship:that sits within the UK Insurance
business is an excellent example of how our employee-led initiatives
can support DEI at Alpha across a number of key areas. Across
2022 and 2023 we welcomed eight interns, which were 50%
female, 66% from diverse or mixed ethnicity backgrounds and all
from non-fee-paying schools. Interns received a competitive gross
salary which we have since increased further to align with that

of a full-time analyst, effective this summer. We offered full-time
graduate positions to five of the eight, a strong conversion rate.

We are delighted to support the launch of new groups that
resonate with local topics and social importance; for example, in
the year a North American Asian Pacific Network was launched
within the team. We are proud to have such a strong level of
engagement, which supports our action setting linked to the ESG
roadmap and reinforces our probability of success.

Employee framework

We are delighted to have a talented team of industry leading
consultants at Alpha and recognise that the engagement and
satisfaction of our team are vital to the success of the business.
We believe that Alpha should seek not just to bring together the
best and most talented people, but to provide a fantastic place
to work and an environment where everyone can flourish.

We foster long-term retention through the opportunities that we
offer, our culture and our frameworks for development, support
and feedback.

While our teams are delivering on some of the industry's most
challenging change projects, ensuring that we prioritise wellbeing
and support is of paramount importance. We have established
HR, mentoring and employee oversight frameworks across ail
global locations and levels. At the same time, we continue to
irWest in our learning and development opportunities, which seek
to build confidence consulting skills and industry content, at all
stages in the employee journey.

66 Alpha is committed to providing
a diverse, open and inclusive
workplace. We know that taking
steps to improve diversity and
inclusion in the workplace is key
to ensuring an equitable future
for all.”


===== page 48 =====
|

f
i

We are committed to providing an open, interactive

and collaborative working environment. To this end, there

are opportunities throughout the year to actively gather the
insights, priorities, and sentiments of our team members.

This helps us to focus our attention on what matters. The looking
after our people section of the Annual Report on pp 36-39
provides more detail about the employee experience at Alpha.

Corporate social responsibility

Our social responsibilities and the impact we have in the
communities in which we operate are extremely important to us.
We promote ethical conduct, social responsibility, and a corporate
Culture that values fairness and positive actions at all times.

Alpha’s Corporate Social Responsibility ("CSR") vision and
activities in this area are executed mainly through the work of
our internal CSR team, which is employees participating ona
voluntary basis, while supported by the Group's Responsible
Business team.

Our community focused activities include fundraising, pro bono
consulting, volunteering, outreach networks and mentoring

We are very proud of our long-standing voluntary charitable work
and our main Group-wide CSR initiatives in our Charity of the Year
(‘COTY”) programme.

In 2023, our COTY programme raised more than £20,000
alongside delivering valuable volunteering initiatives and pro bono
work. In the UK and Europe, the team raised £13,758 for The
Institute of Imagination, a pioneering education charity that
designs and delivers creative workshops across the arts,
sciences and digital technologies for children aged 5-11 years
old. In North America, the team raised $10,000 for Greenwood
Project: a charity that partners with companies in the financial
services industry to create accessible career pathways for Black
and Latinx students.

These efforts reflect our ongoing commitment to making a
positive impact within the communities we serve and marks the
eighth year of running our COTY programme. The programme is
run regionally with employees from each region voting on their
charity of choice each year. This allows us to tailor our support
more effectively and deliver more impact and engagement with
local communities.

wrete ho j
Nehygel

O te

tears

Suppliers

As a responsible business, we ensure that our supplier
relationships are in line with legislation and best practices, which
is supported by a new supplier code. We are in the process of
rolling out this code which will be issued to new key suppliers,
and existing ones upon contract renewal. The code includes
expectations around environmental responsibility, anti-modern
slavery action, and health and safety minimum standards. We
also assess the policies of our suppliers in areas such as social
policies, employee wellbeing and, in the UK, payment of the Living
Wage. This helps us maintain our dedication to fair and responsible
business practices across all aspects of our operations.

Modern slavery

We are committed to combating and preventing modern slavery,
human trafficking, and exploitation. We have procedures and
policies in place throughout our own business and our supply and
procurement chains to support this. A copy of these can be found
on our website in our Corporate Compliance Manual. These
processes are reviewed annually, and Alpha’s Modern Slavery
Statement is ultimately approved by the Board.

Human rights

In 2023, Alpha proudly became a member of the UN Guiding
Principles Reporting Framework. This membership enhances our
commitment to human rights and social responsibility but also
aligns with our strategic approach to integrating sustainable
practices across all levels of our operations.

alphatme.com


===== page 49 =====
TY

at.

agt Annee RapSMAWes Nap AAD

w

Environment

With growing evidence of the reality and impact of global warming,
it is critical that we understand our environmental impact and play

our part in combatting climate change.

As a professional services firm our direct carbon footprint is smaller
than that of high-emitting industries. However, environmental
stewardship remains an important part of our ESG strategy, and
we recognise a clear global imperative for emission reduction.

Due to the growth of the business, Alpha is in scope of new
environmental regulatory demands this year to report in alignment
with the TCFD framework for the Group, see pp 48-51, and with
the ESOS regulations for our UK operations, for which we will
submit our notification of compliance in August 2024.

Alpha’s carbon footprint

We are committed to reducing our emissions and aim to develop
our science-based carbon reduction plan and communicating our
net zero ambition and targets in the year ahead. In the meantime,
we offset where we cannot reduce our emissions, and we have
again this year offset our Scope 2 and calculated emissions
globally via a verified scheme.

Ensuring the quality and accuracy of our data related to carbon
emissions, and tracking and reporting on them are key first steps
in setting meaningful targets. We continue to complete this
activity Group-wide, working closely with carbon reporting firm
Normative, a partnership now in its second year, who are helping
us to both understand our emission data and improve our
calculations. This important work is setting the foundations for us
to reduce our emissions and communicate our Net Zero ambition.

alphafme.com

The total Scope 2 and 3 emissions for FY 24 were 3,420 tCO,e.
Scope 2 emissions account for approximately 4% of our total
emissions, with the majority (3,294 tCO,e) coming from Scope 3
emissions categories. Alpha has no Scope 1 emissions to report.

Our total emissions have risen by 263 tCO,,e year on year, and
our revenue intensity metric has also increased from 13.8 to 14.5
+CO,e/Em revenue. The year-on-year increases in our emissions
reflect increased average global headcount, including in APAC,
with the acquisition of Shoreline, as well as an increase in employees
working from our offices or client sites, increasing Scope 2 and
Scope 3 commuting and business travel emissions.

‘As we develop our data collection and analysis methodologies,
we will continue to update and enhance our emissions calculations
and disclosures in line with evolving best practice and the GHG
Protocol. This will also include bringing new Scope 3 categories
into our carbon footprint calculation that are appropriate for
assessing the impacts of our business model, geographic reach,
and professional services profile.


===== page 50 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 47

Carbon reduction Reviewing and potentially expanding our Scope 3 GHG emissions a
Our efforts to reduce carbon emissions include continuing to reporting will be a part of developing our net zero plans as we if
work with service providers and property managers to expand consider the materiality of our ‘supply chain and aim to increase é
our purchase of renewable energy globally, as well as working understanding and explanation of our carbon footprint. We will FS
with our clients to minimise business travel wherever practical. use this work to seek opportunities to reduce the Group's impact 2
Alongside the initiatives of our global CSR team, we continue to on the environment. 3
raise awareness and educate our people about the environmental ‘ qi A a
impacts of activities. We encourage them to think about Environmental reporting and disclosures

implementing measures that could reduce our carbon footprint, We have calculated our carbon emissions and reporting in line

such as in travel, whilst still considering our commitments to with SECR, as well as voluntary reporting of selected supply

fulfilling client relationships and service delivery. chain (Scope 3) emissions, and Group-wide energy usage and

resulting emissions.

Adherence to mandatory and voluntary initiatives, notably ESOS
in the UK, Ecovadis in France, and TCFD and COP globally, all
support and help deliver against our environmental strategy,
performance and journey towards net zero.

SECR table
Emissions
[_Fr2arcoe 1 FY 231CO,e FY 22 tCO,e
. | Global Globat Global
Scope Activity Total UK_ excl. UK Total UK_ excl. UK Total UK excl. UK
2 Purchased heat 523 931 192] 677 - 250 427 48 -18 30
Purchased electricity 730 192 538] 925 18 307185 3.1 12.4
3 Flights 2,373.9 756.1 16178] 1,125.7 3698 7559 3337 1505 183.2
Public transport 445.2 204.2 241.0] 15667 6558 9108 123 94 29
Taxis/car mileage 1427 476 «= 951] 891 863 8281716
Working from home 3326 1477 184.9] 2747 111.4 16331648 68.1967
Total |3.419.7 1,207.9 2,211.8{ 3,156.3 1,200.0 1,956.3 553.4 243.6 309.8
Energy
[—Fraamwn—*d FY 23MWh FY 22MWh
| Global Global Global
Scope Activity Total UK excl. UK Total UK excl. UK Total UK excl. UK
2 Purchased heat | 208.6 163.2 45.4 | 358.6 1225 2361 658 S01 157
Purchased electricity 4017 225.2 1765] 221.5 80.2 141.3 188.7 1049 53.8
Total | 610.3 388.4 221.9| 5801 2027 3774 2245 1550 69.5

Intensity Metrics

FY 24 FY 23 FY 22

| Global Globat Global
Scope Activity Total UK_ excl. UK Total UK_ excl, UK Total UK_ excl. UK
283 £m of revenue | 2355. 915 144.0| 2287 874 «141.3 158.0721 85.9

1CO,eperfmofrevenue| 145 13.2 154) 138 137 138 35 34 3.6

Notes:
1 Alpha does not have any offices where it owns or controls the boilers, but rather purchases heat from each building's management; hence the consumption of grid-supplied gas is.
‘classed as Scope 2 emissions and the associated conversion factor has been used.

Normative, our third-party provider has used Exiobase, BEIS, Defra, Ecoinvent and other sources for emissions factors. The accounting methodology Normative follows is the
Greenhouse Gas Protocol - Corporate Standard. Alpha supplied the working from home calculation following the EcoAct Homeworking Emissions Whitepaper (2020).

Where we have not been able to obtain activity data we have used estimations in line with tne GHG Corporate Reporting Methodology.

‘Where km travelled have not been recorded in our expense systems for travel receipts, we have used a spend-based methodology in line with the GHG Corporate Reporting Methodology.
We ere dependent on our service providers and office management companias providing accurate data.

neon

o

alphafmc.com


===== page 51 =====
48 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

Task Force on Climate-Related
Financial Disclosures

This report has been produced in line with the new climate-related reporting
requirements in accordance with Section 414CB of the Companies Act 2006,

which is aligned with the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures
(“TCFD") recommendations.

This is the first time that the Group has reported in line with TCFD.
The associated analysis and disclosures allow us to identify and
monitor the impact of climate on our business and are being

overseen by the ESG Committee of the Board with support from

the Group Responsible Business team.

Governance

Strong governance that emb«

The governance framework for managing risk,
which covers environmental risk (including
climate) and social risk, is available in the Fisk
Management section of the Strategic Report.

The ultimate responsibility for Group-wide risk
and opportunity governance lies with the Board
of Directors and can be viewed in the corporate
governance report. The Board has delegated
certain responsibilities to the ESG Committee
and the Audit and Risk Committee to ensure that
the Company's overall strategic direction aligns
with its ESG goals, including ciimate-related
objectives and risk management.

The ESG Committee has specific responsibility
for considering ciimate-related ESG risks and
‘opportunities in connection with the Company's
‘operations. It meets at least twice a year, with
part of these meetings dedicated to overseeing
the development and implementation of the Group's,
ESG roadmap and strategy, which includes
climate-related risk and opportunity response
plans. After every meeting, an update is provided
to the Board by the ESG Committee in the form
of minuted decisions and discussion to enable
alignment on ESG matters throughout the year.
For details of this process, see the ESG
Committee report on pp 78-79.

Risk management

n of climate-related r'

Integra‘

Alpha’s risk management framework combines.
clear governance, robust processes and
controis, and a strong culture of risk awareness.
among all employees. Climate-related risks and
opportunities are identified, assessed, and
managed within the Group's existing framework,
taking both a top-down and bottom-up
approach. Details of this can be found in the Risk
Management section of the Strategic Report

is climate change in decision

Significant findings and recommendations on
risks and opportunities from the ESG Committee
are integrated into the broader risk management
framework overseen by the Audit and Risk
Committee. It meets at least three times a year,
with sessions focused on evaluating the
Company's risk policy and principal risks,
including those related to climate. The
significance of these climate-related risks is
assessed, and the risk policy is updated annually.
Further detail is in the Risk Management section
of the Strategic Report on pp 52-56.

The ESG Committee is accountable for
converting priorities, including output from the
Board and the Audit and Risk Committee, into
actionable tasks within the ESG Roadmap.

The ESG Steering Committee” is accountable for
defining the ESG roadmap, including olmate-related
risk and opportunity response plans. implementation
is managed by the dedicated and appropriately
skilled Responsible Business team, with oversight
from the Group Head of Risk & Responsible
Business. Alongside this, business contacts

and senior leaders across the Group are
engaged regulary.

Alongside our risk management framework,
effective management of business risks including
being a good corporate citizen is embedded into
our performance management process which is
applicable to every employee across the Group.

This is the first year Alpha has undertaken
reporting in line with TCFD. Whilst we already
identify the climate-related risks as part of the
risk management framework, we also conducted

aking across tl

The Audit and Risk Committee considered numerous
climate-related risks that might impact the Group but
concluded that none identified are principal risks to the Group.

business

Stakeholder feedback is considered on an
‘ongoing basis, including that from investors and
clients, and we undertake industry benchmarking
to help inform our ESG strategy and climate
governance. There is also engagement with the
Remuneration Committee to ensure that any
aspects of remuneration linked to ESG-related
objectives are appropriately aligned to the ESG
roadmap and reflect investor and other expectations.

There is common membership of the ESG, the
‘Audit and Risk, and Remuneration Committees
(albeit that each committee has 2 different Chair),
which facilitates a coordinated approach to risk
evaluation and management. Lines of communication
between the Chairs of these committees and the
Responsible Business team are also maintained
outside of scheduled meetings to ensure ongoing
engagement and timely responses to emerging
issues outside of the scheduled meetings.

Relevant reports:
Ejrick management on pp 52-56

Eklcorporate governance report
‘on pp 70-75

Efesc committee report on pp 78-79

Group-wide risk management approach

a scenario analysis to identify and assess
climate-related opportunities that present
to the business see p. 51.

Relevant reports:
[Ed Risk management on pp 52-56

23 The ESG Steering Committee includes the Chief Executive Officer, Group Managing Director, and Group Head of Rsk & Responsible Business.

alphatme.com


===== page 52 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 49

Strategy

An ambition and strategy that considers climate change and its impact across the Group

As part of our first TCFD aligned climate impact
assessment, we conducted a qualitative scenario
analysis to test the long-term resilience of our
business with considerations across the whole
Group. Two scenarios were chosen, which stress
tested the extremes of potential future states ~
intense physical climate change in the “Hot
House World’, and a proactive transition toa
low-carbon world in the “Net Zero by 2050":

1. Hot House World: results in a temperature
rise of 4°C by 2100.

2. Net Zero by 2050: limits warming to <2°C
by 2100.

‘The impacts of the risks and opportunities
were assessed against three time-horizons:

— Short-term: FY 25 - occurring now
or imminently,

— Medium-term: FY 26 to FY 28 - aligns with
the Group's medium-term office teases and
service arrangements, new business
activities, and the current strategy to double
the business by 2028*.

— Long-term: FY 29 to FY 50 ~ aligns to the

, UK Government's Net Zero pledge and the
longer-term potential physical impacts of
‘climate change.

Metrics and targets

The ways we assess our climate-related

Alpha is currently monitoring and reporting on
‘Scope 2 and selected Scope 3 greenhouse gas
(GHG") emissions, which provide ongoing
metrics to help in assessing the Group's
Management of its climate-related transition risks
and opportunities.

The Group is committed to Net Zero, and in this
‘coming financial year will develop its Net Zero
target and pian, which includes baselining our

Arrange of risks and opportunities were assessed
in the scenario analysis against the likelinood of
‘occurring in the three timeframes and the financial
exposure to the Group. All were considered against
the risk policy for social and environment risks
and none are considered material (>5% of our
annual spend). This is primarily due to the nature
of the professional services industry we operate
in, as well as our business model, including the
locations of our offices and the flexibility of our
‘operating model.

The analysis indicated that climate risks are not
expected to have a significant impact on our
business, particularly in the short to medium-term.
‘There may be a level of impact in the long-term,
which will be monitored via our risk management
framework. Overall, the analysis highlighted the
climate resilience of our business, and indicated
the potential for growth in some of our products
and services in response to the climate transition.

‘We have reported the six risks and one
‘opportunity of most significance, detailing the
impact and our response, alongside the scenario
analysis output, on the next two pages. These
were included in our reporting as they were
deemed to have a medium or high likelihood of
‘occurring across one or more of either of the
scenario timeframes, and/or to have a medium
financial exposure rating.

ks and opport

‘emissions. This will allow for more detailed risk
and performance tracking and will be overseen
by the ESG Committee once fully implemented.

‘The GHG metrics and the Net Zero target will
also be integrated into Alpha's risk management
framework, ensuring that we align our strategic.
decision-making processes with our long-term
climate objectives.

These risks will continue to be monitored by the
Audit and Risk Committee and are recorded in
the risk register for monitoring. The Group
regularly reviews and updates policies to ensure
‘compliance with all applicable environmental and
social regulatory standards, and this is captured
within the “regulatory environment" principal risk,
which can be found in the Principal Risks and
Uncertainties section of the Strategic Report.

As per the regulation, we will repeat the scenario
analysis of climate-related risks and opportunities
in three years, if the business model undergoes.
significant change, or if the regulation guidance
changes - whichever is sooner.

Relevant reports:

Eel ciimate-retated risk and opportunity
matrix on pp 50-51

Eelctimate-retated risk and opportunity
scenario analysis on p. St

Eefprincipat risks and uncertainties on
pp 57-60

jes to monitor progress

Relevant reports:

Ed reporting on our Scope 2 and 3 carbon
emissions, and our SECR report can be
found on p. 47

24 The statement that the Alpha Group's growth plan has an ambition to double the size of its business by 2028 is aspirational only and should not be construed as a profit forecast within
the meaning of the Takeover Code. There can be no certainly that Alpha will achieve its ambition, which is subject to various assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause

Alpha's growth to differ materially from its expressed ambition,

alphafme.com

g
3
8

cy
3
eo)
3

3
8



===== page 53 =====
50

Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report
TCFD continued

Climate-related risk and opportunity matrix

Physical climate risks

Theme

Description and impact

Response plan

Chronic (longer term
shifts in weather
patterns) and Acute
(increased frequency
and severity of extreme
weather events)

An Increase in extreme weather events or a
chronic/prolonged higher temperatures and
sea levels, may result in potential business
disruption and loss of service. Examples of
this include:

— Property damage, and potential

legal liabilities;

— Challenges for office cooiing, and
increases in energy costs to control
these environments;

— Lowered team morale and wellbeing,
ability to work, and physical health; and

— Additional disruption in parts of our
business or our supplier's business
outside of our core operational locations.

This may impact project delivery and the

Group's supply chain, and negatively atfect

our reputation and revenue.

Alpha’s largest revenue generating offices are primarily located in areas where acute
and chronic climate risk is lower (UK, East Coast US). Offices in higher risk areas such
as Australia and California constitute a smaller percentage of our revenue ~ however,
they will still be monitored and planned for.

Regardless, we have business continuity and disaster recovery policies that are
regularly reviewed and updated, to handle emergencies effectively. In addition,

we have a robust flexible working framework which has been tried and tested with
success during the COVID-19 pandemic. This enables work to continue when offices
may be inaccessible.

Moving forwards, we will consider climate-risk factors in our decision process when
obiaining/leasing new office spaces for our team, including any offshore arrangements
‘that may be pursued.

We utilise global enterprise grade cloud-based data centre providers that have strong
business continuity processes and are investing in climate adaptations/Net Zero
alignment, mitigating against the risk of data centre disruption and price rises.

Transition risks

Theme

Description and impact

Response plan

Regulatory
and tegal)

Potential for higher costs incurred for energy
consumption, and via transportation, and
carbon taxation/otiset requirements.

Due to the business model and industry of the Group, our energy consumption and
transportation costs are relatively low. However, we will monitor the cost of any
potential carbon taxes and consider the impact on our operations.

Failure to comply with evolving regulations
related to GHG emissions could result in
financial penalties, legal risks, and damage
to the firm's reputation.

‘We will continue to monitor for new climate-related regulations to enable a response
ina timely manner to help mitigate risk of fines and engage external support if required.
We have a well-defined process for identifying and managing regulations that may
impact the Group which includes:

— Ongoing horizon scanning across Alpha’s geographies and markets in order to
identity and meet emerging requirements in all contexts: as a consultancy provider,
allisted company, and a business organisation;

Regular engagement and proactive dialogue with regulators, industry bodies and
advisers, as well as Alpha's ow client Regulatory Compiance Consulting practice;
Regular review and update of the Group's policies and processes to promote and
ensure compliance with all applicable regulations; and

Ongoing diversification and expansion of the service offering, which can reduce the
‘overall impact on the Group of particular new or changing regulation

Reputation

There is a potential for loss of revenue if we
fail to meet investor, client and supplier
climate expectations and requirements.

We will maintain open communication channels with clients, investors, and suppliers,
promptly addressing any concems or complaints, and demonstrating transparency
and integrity in all business dealings. As noted above, we will scan for any incoming
regulatory demands that these stakeholders may be subject to that require Alpha's
‘put, to ensure we are responding effectively and delivering in ine with these.

If Alpha (or Alpha’s clients) make net zero/
climate commitments that they are unable to
achieve, this could impact Alpha's reputation
and result in lost revenue.

‘We will set realistic and tangible targets based on available data and careful analysis,
0 avoid the risk of them being unattainable. We will also seek to improve the available
data on an ongoing basis and are currently using a third-party tool to help us track and
analyse our emissions impact. We are also planning for a travel survey to obtain better
information on employee commuting. To ensure alignment and progress, we will conduct
regular audits, implement internal controls, and provide ongoing staff training where relevant.

From a client perspective, we will actively engage with them to promote responsible
environmental stewardship and support them in achieving their Net Zero targets.

Technology

Moving to new applications, data
management processes or technology in
order to align with regulation or reporting
requirements, or to support the Group's own
environmental policies and climate targets,
‘which could incur higher costs for the business.

(Our current systems presently support our reporting requirements, but we will monitor
this isk as it is unikely to impact the Group in the short to medium-term. In the long-term,
monitoring the revenue, available debt, and cash reserves of the business will be
important to ensure any potential increased costs are able to be absorbed.

alphafme.com


===== page 54 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 51

Opportunities

Theme

Description and impact

Response plan

Products

Potential growing demand for consultancy
services that specialise in providing guidance
‘on sustainable practices, carbon footprint
reduction, and climate risk management. It
‘may also open more opportunities for Alpha
to partner with technology and data-based
companies to deliver solutions and new
projects across our propositions and
‘especially alternatives. By leveraging its
expertise in ESG integration and climate
‘isk management, Alpha can attract new
clients, enhance its market share, and drive
revenue growth.

Our solid growth over 20+ years, proves that we understand the structural drivers of
the market, and can innovate and enhance the service offering accordingly, including
developing of market-leading technology and data capabilities. This is enabled by an
effective and coordinated director team working across multiple geographies and sectors.

‘Te Group will proactively engage with our clients to understand their evolving needs
around climate change, and to offer tailored consultancy services and strategic
products that can help them navigate new regulatory expectations, customer and
investor demands, and climate challenges.

Technology

Increasing availabilty of new green technology
and improvements in existing technology in
response to the climate transition will open
mew opportunities to the Group and may
have a positive impact including:

— Reduced costs as technology becomes
‘more efficient and less energy intensive:

— Ability to improve our technology stack
and supply chain to make it greener and
reduce our emissions;

~ The opportunity to consolidate our
technology stack and move to one provider
that is the most ESG-triendly, instead of
being spread across multiple; and

— Better availabilty of ESG data that wilt
inform our client projects and internal
ESG decisions.

We monitor the availability of new technology, and how it could positively impact the
Group if implemented.

When engaging with suppliers in our procurement process, we will question them on
the technology used and the environmental benefits or implications of such to inform
‘ur decision-making process.

Climate-related risk and opportunity scenai

Impact

righ Omecium Otow

analysis

g
8
3

2
3
2
3
3
8

Likelihood
Scenario 1: Hot House _ Scenario 2: Net Zero by 2050
Financial FY26- FY 29- FY26- FY 29-
Risk type Risk Summary description exposures FY25  FY28  FY50  FY25 FY28 FY SO
Physical Acute and Potential business disruption and loss of Medium
ree Chvonic sevice nduced by extomefcreie © 0 0 © 0 0
weather events
PEEEEONENEE Regulatory Higher costs due to carbon Low
Trans tarationotsets ® © © © 0 @
Failure to comply with evolving regulation Low ® ® @ °o 0 0
Reputation Failure to meet client and supplier Net. Medium
Zero requirements ® © © © O09 ®
Alpha/Alpha's clients unable to achieve Low
the Not Zo commitments ® © @® 09 0 ©
Technology Higher costs of environmentally Low
freaky technology ® © © 0 0 9
RRMA Products Increased demand for ESG services Medium
PP and data services ® © © 00 0
Technology Increased availabilty of green technology Low © ® © @ ° oO

Financial exposure estimated % of annual spend: Low < 196; Medium 2-496; High 5% or more.

alphafme.com


===== page 55 =====
— (west ah
ere OS
Eidb =|

52. Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

Risk management

The Group continuously enhances its
risk management practices to reflect its
geographic reach, scale, business profile
and the evolving external landscape.
Underpinned by a comprehensive risk
management framework, its approach
integrates clear governance, robust
processes and controls, and promoting
a strong culture of risk awareness
among all employees.

Overview

The Group's business organisation, and the industries in which
it operates, expose it to a number of potential risks arising from
internal or external events and actions. The Group manages risk
actively and closely in order to limit potential adverse effects on
the implementation of its strategy, the financial performance and
on the interests of its clients, shareholders and employees.

The main objectives of the risk management

framework are to ensure that there i:

— Astrong corporate culture of risk awareness and
responsibility embedded at all levels of the organisation;

— Mitigation of ongoing risk as far as possible, without
unduly affecting the Group's competitiveness
and flexibility;

— Proactive identification and reporting of risk information,
with clear management and mitigation responsibilities; and

— Provision of a suitable basis upon which the Audit and
Risk Committee and, ultimately, the Board can assess
the effectiveness of the Group's risk management and
internal controls.

Risk governance

The Board has overall responsibility for risk monitoring and
management at Alpha, and ensures that risks that could impact
the fulfilment of the Group's strategic objectives, including growth
trajectory, are monitored and managed effectively. The Audit and
Risk Committee provides assurance to the Board on the
appropriateness of the Group's risk processes, controls and
governance, including reporting.

The Audit and Risk Committee, alongside the Board, is responsible
for overseeing and reviewing the key risks facing the business,
principally through the formal meetings of the Committee and
quarterly risk reporting. The Board decides whether these risks
should be avoided, mitigated or tolerated. The Group follows a
top-down" and “bottom-up” approach to monitoring and managing
risks. Top-down strategic risk management is directed from the
Board and applied through the actions of the executive team and
wider senior management. Bottom-up operational risk management
is implemented through the engagement, risk awareness and
corporate responsibility of all Alpha employees, supported by
Alpha’s operations functions.


===== page 56 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 553

Risk assessment

The effective management of risk requires governance, oversight
and management, all of which are key components of Alpha’s.
robust risk management framework and underpin the Group's
abllty to execute its strategy and deliver long-term growth. In managing
tisk globally, Alpha identifies risks both strategically and on a daily
basis, closely monitoring risk exposures by considering their
probability and potential impacts, and undertaking any management
actions to mitigate them with appropriate risk responses.

Alpha’s risk management framework is built around its business
model and strategy, and comprises six key components. All risk
management adheres to this process, which emphasises the
importance of business integrity, transparency and accountability.
The framework is cyclical and ensures the effective handling of all
emerging and identified organisational, strategic and relevant
external risks, while permitting the opportunity for continual
monitoring and improvement.

The Group's main tools for managing risks are its risk register
and its statement of risk appetite. Alpha's risk register records the
detail of risks that could have a material impact on the Group's
performance, financial resilience or reputation. It is overseen by
the Group Coordination Committee and maintained using information
and perspectives from the core business and operations functions
of the Group (please see the risk management governance on

P. 52 for more details).

For the risk register, risks are assessed using a scoring system
that captures the likelihood of their occurrence and the impact
that they would have on the Group. This approach allows the
Group to consider risks, identify trends and define responses
centrally and consistently.

Alpha's approach to risk management

Risk appetite Responding to risks

The statement of risk appetite defines the type and amount of

risk that the Group is willing to take in order to achieve its strategic
objectives, which has been agreed by the Board. The Group then
assesses whether it is operating in line with its stated risk appetite
by monitoring movements in its key risk indicators, which are
incorporated in the Board's risk reports.

Group risks are reviewed, discussed and challenged centrally by
the executive team through the Group Coordination Committee.
The Group Coordination Committee, supported by Alpha's Group
Risk function, considers the risks that are or could be of significant
impact to the business and its strategy, and determines which
risks should be escalated to the Board. As the Group Coordination
Committee represents all areas of the business and operations,

it is also able to agree the approach to and coordinate the
implementation of relevant risk mitigation actions.

Reporting decisions are documented so that the assessment and
escalation approach can be reviewed by the Audit and Risk Committee
as part of its assurance responsibilities. In exceptional circumstances,
where the risk is of a sensitive business nature, it may be raised
on an individual basis with the Chief Executive Officer, who can
present that risk directly to the Board.

The most material current risks to the Group are presented
in the Annual Report as the principal risks and uncertainties
(see pp 57-60). The Board confirms that, having applied the
approach described above, a robust assessment of the
principal risks and uncertainties has been carried out.

We use our risk appetite to tell us which
risks we will and will not tolerate. We define
‘the level of risk we can support (H.M.L);

and apply qualitative limits on specific risks
that can be monitored ("key risk indicators”)

Risk context

We target risks that emerge from our
industry and operating envionment (the
“risk context"). We use governance forums,
including monthly risk oversight and
bi-monthly business function meetings,

to proactively capture and understand
emerging risks and future events.

Assessing risks

We assess risk using a structured
process and consistent scoring approach,
which takes account of probability and
impact. The assessment of each is
documented on the Group Risk Register.

We regularly review our risks, identify
trends and respond with actions thal allow
continuous improvement and development
through systematic horizon scanning and
‘ongoing assessments of external markets
events, to define key principal risks and
wider risk themes. Each risk must be
owned and updated by a Risk Owner,

who is a member of the Group Coordination
‘Committee or Divisional Leadership. Lisi

Reporting risk
We provide assurance that risk is
managed, escalated, treated and
mitigated. Risk reports from across the
Group, and the processes of control can
bbe assessed by the Audit & Risk Committee,

Governing risk

We govern risk through executive
‘oversight and responsibilities covering
all business areas.

Corporate
risk culture

alphafme.com

fi
i?

g
s.
3:
2
3
1D)
3
3
e



===== page 57 =====
54 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report
Risk management continued

Risk policy and categorisation

The Group's risk policy is reviewed at least annually and
enhanced periodically so that it remains relevant, taking into
account any emerging risks such as those linked to climate
change. As part of this, the Group ensures that it has effectively
identified the areas in which risks may arise, and could need to be
monitored or managed. To do this, the Group categorises and
assesses risk exposures using the following main groupings:

Operational risk

‘The Group's approach to minimising operational risk is to centralise
relevant processes and oversight frameworks through the leadership
team, which includes the Group Managing Director, and global
leads from Operations and IT, HR and Recruitment, Responsible
Business, Legal and Corporate Affairs. Operational risks are mitigated
through operational processes and, where required, projects that
are designed to strengthen the control environment, manage the
delivery of change effectively and protect Alpha’s competitive
standing with regard to people and quality of service.

Industry and market risk

The Group's approach to minimising industry risk is to undertake
a regular assessment of the market and its influencers, including
regulatory, political and structural change, and to maintain a close
dialogue with market participants, such as clients, competitors
and industry bodies. This review is delivered through the Group's
defined corporate governance responsibilities, wherein the directors
and regional leadership manage those relationships on a day-to-day
basis and communicate the key findings and perspectives to the
Group Coordination Committee and, in tum, to the Board of Directors.
Financial risk

The Group's approach to minimising financial risk is to manage
utilisation, day rates, costs and cash collection actively and
closely. The Group's target is for client projects to be chargeable
mainly on a time and materials basis, and to ensure that consultants’
time is recorded and billed each month.

alphafme.com

Otherwise, the Group ensures that any delivery-based
arrangements have clear milestones for invoicing. A considerable
amount of attention is paid to consultant utilisation and day rates,
and their alignment to budget, which are reviewed and monitored
by the heads of region alongside the Group Finance team.

Environmental and social risk

The Group's approach to minimising environmental and social
tisk is predicated on maximising the benefits and minimising the
downsides of the Group's economic, social and environmental
impacts. Within this category, the Group monitors a number of
individual risks including transition risk, which is the risk inherent
in any changing strategies, policies or investments as part of any
“net zero” or other societal targets, and its ability to meet the
requirements of new regulation. Alpha has an ESG Committee
to oversee ESG risk management and monitor the delivery of the
Group's ESG strategy in addressing these matters.

Legal and commercial risk

As a professional services provider, Alpha recognises that it is
exposed to risk from inadequate contracts and commercial terms,
as well as claims by clients or other parties. The Group's approach
to minimising commercial and legal risk is to ensure that consistent
guidelines and terms are in place for all contractual arrangements,
which is overseen by the Group Head of Legal & Corporate Affairs.
This approach is reinforced through strong senior leadership
responsibility across relevant areas in which claims and dispute
could occur, such as in client delivery. External advice is available
and sought where appropriate.

Any risk could impact more than one of the above categories or
fall outside the above categories. However, this categorisation
facilitates the processes of identifying the risks that the Group
faces and for distinguishing the risk appetite across the different
categories of risk.


===== page 58 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 55

Risk management governance

Top down

Top-down strategic risk management is
directed from the Board and applied
through the actions of the executive
team and wider senior management
within operations. The Group's risk
function supports the Board, Audit and
Risk Committee, and senior management
through regular reporting and cascading
down processes and decisions about

Board of

Directors

Corporate accountability for risk:

— Assesses and reports on principal risks
and uncertainties.

— Agrees the risk appetite.
— Agrees the key risk indicators.
— Determines strategic action points.

the risk policy.

(AuditfandiRisky
[committecy

Corporate assurance:
— Oversight of risk processes and procedure.

— Internal control.

— Assesses effectiveness of risk management
framework and reporting.

Crop
[Committee

Executive responsibility:
— Monitors external environment.

— Oversees business-level risk
management activities.

— Monitors key risk indicators.
— Oversees strategic action points.
— Ownership of the risk register.

— Regular engagement with global
divisional leadership.

Executive
(Committee)

Strategic risk management:
— Oversees definition of the strategy.

— Monitors execution to strategic objectives.

— Identifies and addresses risk to business strategy
and direction.

Bottom up

Bottom-up operational risk
management is implemented through
the engagement, risk awareness and \

Operational risk management:
— Monitor operating environment.

— Identify, assess and mitigate operational risks.
— Implement strategic action points.
— Execute policies, training and controls.

corporate responsibility of all Alpha Nw /

employees. The Group's risk function 7 /

facilitates awareness and structured ee

risk assessment processes, and

ensures an appropriate flow of risk a 7

information and reporting upwards. / va \
mccars) i
\ /

El core business functions can be found on p. 17 XN 4

Operational risk identification:

— Identify and report risks.

— Manage and own risks where relevant to role.

— Participate in risk training and follow risk processes.
— Utilise risk toolkits and develop awareness.

alphatme.com

g
Ft
5
2
3
lee
3
be



===== page 59 =====
56 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report
Risk management continued

Enhancements to the risk management approach

The Group continues to review its risk management framework
annually and updates it to reflect any changes in the Group's risk
profile and its operating environment. During the past year, a
number of enhancements were introduced to Alpha’s risk
management framework. These include: ‘

— Continuing to review and update the Group's risk governance
to capture the Group's business forums correctly and the
integration of any new teams or functions. In the year, this
included the integration of the Shoreline business into Alpha’s
tisk monitoring for APAC;

— Amendments to Board risk reporting to align with the review
and update of the principal risks in the year. This included the
alignment of key risk indicators to support the assessment of
those material risks, and increased reporting cycles to ensure
ongoing and active risk reporting to the Board;

— Further focus on ESG as this topic continues to grow in terms.
of regulation, reputational consideration and reporting. This
included updating the framework to clarify the responsibilities
of the Responsible Business function in managing ESG-related
tasks and climate change risks;

Continuing to build positive engagement and nurture a
risk-aware culture across the Alpha business. This has been
enacted through relevant communications, attending company
meetings to spotlight and support risk topics, and knowledge
sharing on business-related matters, including enhancements
in the year to client due diligence coordination;

Further development of risk governance with key operational
functions and regional business leadership to ensure regular
touchpoints, proactive risk-based discussions and consistent
approaches. This included bringing together the Management
Consulting and Technology Consulting risk review given the
closer collaboration on market and delivery approaches across
the two disciplines; and

— Advancements in artificial intelligence ("Al") are prominent in the
landscape and:present an opportunity for professional services
firms like Alpha to adapt accordingly. At the same time, the
Group must proactively identify any adoption or security risks
that this presents. Alpha's internal governance around technology
advancements, including Al, includes representation from IT,
Legal and Risk to support this assessment.

In aiming to balance successfully corporate growth and
development with the consideration and management of key
risks, Alpha reviews its risk framework and the need for any
enhancements at least annually. Following the year end, an
internal audit was also initiated on the Group's risk management
practices and processes, facilitated by Grant Thornton to provide
assurance of Alpha’s risk management framework in identifying,
assessing and managing risks.

alphafme.com

Financial risk management

The Group has established internal control and risk management
structures in relation to the process for preparing the consolidated
financial statements. The key features of this framework are:

— The Group's executive team understands the importance of
internal control and of adhering to the principles of risk
mitigation on a global, operational basis;

— The Audit and Risk Committee has primary responsibility for
reviewing the quality of internal controls and checks, to ensure
that the financial performance of the Group can be properly
measured and reported on;

— The Chief Financial Officer and Finance team regularly monitor
and consider developments in accounting regulations and best
practice in financial reporting and, where appropriate, reflect
developments in the consolidated financial statements;

— The Group's results are subject to various levels of review
within the Group's finance and management teams;

— Both the Audit and Risk Committee and the Board review the
draft consolidated financial statements;

— The Audit and Risk Committee receives reports from senior
management and the external auditor on significant judgements
or estimates, changes in accounting policies, changes in
accounting estimates and other pertinent matters relating to
the consolidated financial statements; and

— The annual financial statements are subject to external audit.

Market-related risks

The global consulting market experienced a more competitive
environment during the financial year - and the supply and
demand dynamics continue to rebalance. A longer sales cycle
remained in place during the year, which Alpha navigated through
resiliently, taking appropriate approaches to reinforce its position,
including an ongoing focus on day rates, selective hiring in key
growth areas and active management of its cost base.

The Group sees improving market conditions and, with that, more
positive market sentiment returning towards the end of FY 24,
albeit at a slower pace than first envisaged. The Group continues
to see robust client demand and maintains a strong pipeline of
new business opportunities. These factors, together with the
strong long-term structural growth drivers that underpin demand
for Alpha's services and the Group's compelling proposition to
clients, provides confidence that the Group is still well positioned
for continued growth.

Alpha continues to monitor carefully the dynamics and risks
associated with the competitive market environment, which is
captured within the macro principal risk.

The Directors and the senior management team also continue to
monitor closely the situations in Ukraine, Israel and Gaza as they
evolve. Alpha’s operational footprint does not extend to those
particular areas, and we do not service clients based in those
territories. Currently, the principal risk to Alpha is from the wider
possible market impacts to the economy (please see “Geopolitical”
on p. 58 for more information); however we continue to track and
assess the risk of the conflict encompassing wider parts of the
Middle East region.


===== page 60 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 57

Principal risks and uncertainties ;

The table below outlines the principal risks and uncertainties faced by the
Group. They are not the only risks that may affect the Group, but they are the
risks that the Board currently believes would have the most significant impact
on the Group's strategy to achieve long-term profitable growth. There may be
additional risks that materialise over time that the Group has not yet identified
or deemed to have a potentially material adverse impact on the business and
the business strategy. : :

Overview of our principal risks and uncertainties
Risk Net risk rating _Risk trend Net risk rating
7 GHigh fMedium BLow
@ Macro
Risk trend
litical a

1 seopotitica a ‘increasing ELNo change © Decreasing

© Business strategy

@ cata security

© Acauisition and integration

@ People

@ auality of service

ar.

@ competitors

© Regulatory environment
(1) Macro Net risk rating Risk trend
Risk Mitigating factors
Risk that wider market, economic, — Monitoring of key business and growth activities within the Group's geographical locations
commercial and financial risks can and sectors, while consistently engaging with key internal stakeholders to identify, and
impact the Group's ability to plan around, significant trends or events. .

vi i fc : 7 a is
ton watery and tenon or — Regular horizon scanning to identify and assess emerging risks and to ensure an effective,
services and, therefore, the coordinated response to any macro challenges that are identified.

Group's own performance — Business model that is responsive to change and regularly reviewed, and a proven record
and financial position. of developing the proposition successfully to anticipate and meet client needs.
— Ongoing diversification and expansion of the service offering, which can reduce the
overall impact on the Group of particular restrictions or challenges in certain geographies
or markets where Alpha is operating.

alphatme.com

4
Fy
5
é
3
2
3
3
3



===== page 61 =====
58 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

Principal risks and uncertainties continued

volatility, and fragility to geopolitics
and markets, which can impact
both the Group's operating model,
employees and ability to deliver on
its strategic objectives.

e Geopolitical Net risk rating Risk trend
Risk Mitigating factors

Risk that external events and crises — Regular engagement with regional business leads to identify any changes in the

can bring significant uncertainty, geopolitical landscape, as well as considering risks in potential new geographies or

‘operating locations.

— Use of external advisers, international third-party risk and global assistance information to
provide real-time security information, risk assessments, news alerts and forecasts for the
timely detection of geopolitical risks and global security events.

— Global management governance that is highly responsive to emerging events, and market
and geopolitical trends - and ensures an effective, coordinated response to any
challenges that emerge.

— Astrong track record of considering necessary changes to delivery approaches,
operating locations and business focuses; alongside a comprehensive HR and support
framework for employees affected by external events, crises and challenges.

(3] Business strategy

Net risk rating [JJ Risk trend

Risk

Risk that the Group responds
inadequately to changing market
factors and/or opportunities,
including technological
advancements and disruptors. The
success of the Group's strategy
depends on anticipating changes
and developing a proposition that
best serves its clients.

Mitigating factors

— Robust business model that involves proactive and adaptive planning and execution,
alongside strong governance at a market, sector and service offering level to enable close
review of performance and identify any changes to the Group strategy in line with evolving
market factors.

— Proven ability, through successful growth and expansion over 20+ years, to
understand the structural drivers of the market, and to innovate and enhance the
service offering accordingly, including the development of market-leading technology
and data capabilities.

— The Group continues to support and drive client demand by identifying and investing
in new market-leading service propositions and developing technology complements
to support clients across the financial services sectors in which it operates.

— Strong visibility of market advancements and growth opportunities, enabled through
an effective and coordinated director team working across multiple geographies and
sectors, and a roadmap to increase the business both organically and inorganically.

alphafme.com



===== page 62 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 59

(4) Data security

Net risk rating Risk trend

Risk

Risk of cyber attacks, security
breaches and data mishandling,
leading to consequent risks to
client data, loss of integrity or
availability of core data.

Mitigating factors

— Acomprehensive suite of data protection and information security policies, overseen
by the Information Security function, to monitor and ensure compliance with
Processing agreements across key stakeholders and suppliers.

— IT Operations function collaborates with proficient external partners to facilitate
the global delivery of the Group's internal and client-facing IT services.

— Best practice controls to prevent, detect and respond quickly to any cybersecurity
events and data handling anomalies.

— Policies, processes, testing and training are in place to define the standards of control
and educate staff on the operating context and potential risks, including the constantly
evolving cyber risk landscape.

(5) Acquisition and integration

Net risk rating Risk trend

Risk

Risk of failure of the Group to
select, complete and integrate
businesses that contribute
positively to the business model
and growth strategy.

Mitigating factors

— Full acquisition due diligence and integration framework, including analysis, planning
and mitigation as part of the upfront framework and dedicated integration projects with
workstreams across business, commercials and operations for each acquisition.

— The Group's extensive experience of working with clients on high-profile acquisition
and integration frameworks is leveraged and constantly refined through the Group's
own acquisition activities.

— Continuous monitoring of the market for acquisition opportunities that would support
the Group's strategy, positively enhance the offering and client satisfaction, and align
with Alpha’s culture and values.

— Dedicated project teams assess and integrate the acquired entities, people, processes
and systems into the Group and also ensures compliance to Alpha’s standards.

Cc] People

Net risk rating Risk trend

Risk

Risk of failure to attract, incentivise
and retain the best people with the
right capabilities across ail
Propositions, levels and geographies.
A failure to undertake effective
succession planning for key roles
could also adversely increase this
risk and impact performance.

Mitigating factors

— Unique culture that values diversity, inclusivity, high performance, meritocracy, sociability,
and support, accompanied by a broad and responsive support structure — incorporating
HR, individual mentors, and external advice schemes — to ensure a continuous focus
on our values and culture, alongside a robust set of policies.

— Rigorous in-house recruitment process, which targets the highest calibre consultants
in the industry, demonstrated through Alpha’s record of attracting top talent versus
the competition and increasing headcount.

— Competitive, regularly benchmarked remuneration package with benefits for career
development, recognition, and participation in profit-sharing or cash bonus.

— Extensive focus on retention, building capabilities, and providing targeted learning
and development opportunities with a hyperfocus on support, career development,
and effective succession planning.

alphafme.com

g
Fy
Fs
é
3
2
3
3
3



===== page 63 =====
60 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

Principal risks and uncertainties continued

e Quality of service

Net risk rating

Risk trend

Risk
Failure to maintain quality of service
on client delivery engagements.

Mitigating factors

— Clearly defined terms agreed up front, ensuring that each delivery framework
is appropriate and the delivery objectives are achievable.

— Clear client account ownership structures to ensure accountability for client relationships,
from opportunity generation, to ongoing monitoring of client satisfaction and fulfilment
of agreed delivery criteria.

— Dynamic and integrated risk management framework, which encompasses service
delivery oversight, to support the Group's focus on delivery excellence and early risk
identification, and promotes business collaboration on both opportunities and challenges.

— Close attention to client satisfaction and retention in the market, as well as the generation
of re-sell and cross-sell opportunities, demonstrating the strength of the Group's full client
Proposition suite and consistency of reputation for quality across all business areas.

Cs} Competitors

Net risk rating [JJ Risk trend

Risk

| Risk that a competitor or new
entrant may be able to achieve
success and win work from the
Group's existing clients. Less
mature or more specialist
propositions, which the Group
chooses to develop, may present
less of a competitive advantage.

Mitigating factors ,
— Continual development and investment in key competitive differentiators, including:
— Highly focused sector proposition, working exclusively in asset and wealth
management, alternatives and insurance sectors;
— Strong, global reputation amongst clients, with the broad and deep expertise,
and very high quality of the Alpha teams as a key competitive advantage;
— In developing new specialist propositions, Alpha leverages its strong global client
relationships and extensive industry insights to earn competitive advantage from
an early stage; and

— Monitoring of the market to identify and assess any changes in competitive position,
including growth rates and the link between demand and supply overall.

Co} Regulatory environment

Net risk rating Risk trend

Risk .
Risk that the Group does not
successfully identify, address and/
or meet forthcoming regulation, or
that the business model and
strategy are materially impacted by
legal and regulatory changes that,
restrict the service offering or
access to key markets.

Mitigating factors .

— Ongoing horizon scanning and regulatory assessment across Alpha's geographies
and markets in order to identify and meet emerging requirements in all contexts:
as a consultancy provider, a listed company, and a business organisation.

— Regular engagement and proactive dialogue with regulators, industry bodies and
advisers, as well as Alpha’s own client Regulatory Compliance Consulting practice,
to complement horizon scanning and fully assess regulatory and legal changes.

— Regular review and update of the Group's policies and processes to promote and
ensure compliance with all applicable regulations (including ESG regulatory standards).

— Ongoing diversification and expansion of the service offering, which can reduce the
overall impact on the Group of particular new or changing regulation while relevant
responses are implemented.

alphafme.com



===== page 64 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 61

Non-financial information

and sustainability statement

The Group has complied with the requirements of Sections
414CA and 414CB of the Companies Act 2006 by including
certain non-financial information within the Strategic Report.
The following table constitutes our non-financial information
statement, and includes cross-references to where more
detailed disclosures of non-financial information can be found.

g
Fy
8
cs
3
z
z
3
8

Reporting Principal locations in this
requirement Annual Report Pages ‘Summary of business application
Business model | Business model - Strategic Report 16-17 ‘An explanation of the Group's business model is given in the
business model section of the Strategic Report.
Principat risks | Risk management and principal risks and 52-56 The Board's process for considering and reviewing principal
uncertainties - Strategic Report risks is outlined in the risk management and principal risks and
uncertainties section of the Strategic Report.
Non-financial Key performance indicators - Strategic Report 24-25 ‘The Board approves non-financial KPis, such as headcount
KPIs and clients, More information on these can be found in the
key performance indicators section of the Strategic Report.
Environmentat _ | Sustainable business - Strategic Report 40-47 Information on the Group's corporate social esponsibility
matters objectives, policy and the Group's environmental focus, is provided
inclu ding in the sustainable business séction of the Strategic Report.
climate-related | TCFD statement 48-51 Information on climate-related risks and opportunities and the
disclosures . Governance arrangements that are in place to assess and
{ £82 Committee report 78-79 manage these, are included the TCFD statement.
Employees ‘Looking after our people ~ Strategic Report 36-39 Our emptoyee-related policies and procedures are available
to all employees - this includes policies around wellbeing,
360 feedback, parental leave, etc,
More information on how we look after our people is provided
in the sustainable business and section 172 statement sections.
The Group's Corporate Compliance Manuals available on the
Alpha website and is made available to all employees.
Human rights, | Sustainable business - Strategic Report 40-47 ‘Our anti-bribery and whistleblowing review processes are
anti-corruption | Audit and Risk Committee report - 80-83 set out in the Annual Report. The policies ara available to
and anti-bribery |_ Corporate Governance all employees and are contained in the Group's Corporate
‘Compliance Manual which is published on the Aloha website.
‘SASB disclosure 184-187 me " i en
‘Our human rights approach is detailed in our sustainable
business section in the Strategic Report.
Social matters _ |_Lookingafter our people - Strategic Report 36-39 Details around our corporate social responsibility approach
[Sustainable business - Strategic Report 40-47 are expiained in the sustainable business section.

The Strategic Report was approved by the Board of Directors on 20 June 2024.

By order of the Board.
Pa

f / -
Lue Baqué

Chief Executive Officer
20 June 2024

alphafme.com


===== page 65 =====
62 Annual Report & Accounts 2024



===== page 66 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 63.

| Corporate
Governance

64 Chairman's introduction

66 Board of Directors

68 Corporate Governance Code

70 Corporate governance report

76 Nomination Committee report
78 ESG Committee report
80 Audit and Risk Committee report

84 Remuneration Committee report

95 Directors’ report

98 Statement of Directors’ responsibilities

99 Independent auditor's report

GG Alpha brings an unparalleled
i level of expertise and depth
| of market experience to its
work in the financial advice
sector. They bring unique
insights to the market
landscape and are
established as our leading
consultancy partner in this
growing part of the business.”

Director,
FTSE 100 advice leader

alphatme.com


===== page 67 =====
64 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate Governance

Chairman’s introduction

Ken Fry
Chairman

The Board recognises the benefits of

a robust governance framework and
remains committed to strong corporate
governance, appropriately aligned with
the Group's priorities. This includes
managing risk, promoting a responsible
corporate culture and delivering the
growth strategy.

An introduction from the Chairman

As Directors of the Board, we understand that an engaged

Board and an effective committee structure facilitates the good
governance of the entire Group. As such, we have developed our
governance structure to support the Group's continued success
and growth. The Board has an Audit and Risk Committee, a
Remuneration Committee, a Nomination Committee and an

ESG Committee, each with formal delegated duties and responsibilities.
The structure of the Board and its committees, together with the
executive management of the Group, is set out in the corporate
governance report on pp 70-75.

The role of the Chairman is to lead the Board and be responsible
for its governance, performance and effectiveness. The Chairman
sets the tone for the Company and ensures that the links between
the Board and the executive team, as well as between the Board
and the shareholders, are strong and efficient.

Recommended cash offer to acquire the Group

On 20 June 2024, the Board of Directors announced a
recommended cash offer to acquire Alpha by Actium Bidco (UK)
Limited, a newly incorporated indirect subsidiary of certain funds
managed by Bridgepoint Advisers Limited, which is expected

to be implemented by way of a scheme of arrangement (the
“Offer”). Completion of this Offer will be subject to approval by
shareholders at a Court meeting and a General Meeting. The
timings and arrangements for these meetings will be confirmed
ina scheme document to be sent to shareholders. Further information
on the Offer can be found on the Company's website.

alphafme.com

Should the Offer be approved by shareholders, upon completion
of the Offer the Company is expected to be re-registered as a
private company, and will therefore no longer be subject to the
regulatory and governance framework applicable to public
companies. Upon completion of the Offer, it is the intention

of the Independent Directors to step down from the Board.

As at the publication date of this report, the Company's shares
remain admitted to trading on the AIM market and the provisions
of the AIM Rules for Companies and the QCA Corporate Governance
Code continue to apply to the Company. Certain aspects of the
governance disclosures set out this report relate to the Group's
governance arrangements and areas of focus for FY 26, including
the Group's new Remuneration Policy as in effect from 1 April 2024.
These arrangements remain in place as at the date of publication
of this report and will continue to apply to the Group up to the
date of completion of the Offer.

The progress of the Offer in the coming weeks will determine
whether the Company is required to hold its 2024 Annual General
Meeting. A further update will be provided to shareholders on this
matter in due course.

Compliance with the QCA Corporate

Governance Code

In recognising the importance of high standards of corporate
governance, integrity and business ethics, the Board continued to
apply the 2018 Quoted Company Alliance Corporate Governance
Code (the “2018 QCA Code") during the year ended 31 March 2024.
A description of how the Board has applied the principles of this
Code is provided on pp 68-69. The corporate governance report
on pp 70-75 sets out further information about the Group's
governance framework.

The Directors recognise the need to continue developing the
corporate governance structure and processes to reftect the
evolving requirements of the Group's shareholders, employees,
clients and wider stakeholders.

The Board has carefully considered the updates to the 2023
version of the Quoted Companies Corporate Governance Code
(the “2023 QCA Code"), and the Company has taken proactive
steps to ensure that it is now compliant with these new principles
for the financial year beginning 1 April 2024. Furthermore, a process
of implementing a number of enhancements to our governance
framework has already commenced during the current year,
including bolstering the Board evaluation process and the evolution
of executive remuneration arrangements. We will report fully against
the 2023 QCA Code in our FY 25 Annual Report, in line with QCA
recommendations (if still relevant, in view of the Offer).

FY 24 in focus

In FY 24, a number of developments relating to the Board structure
and governance framework, as outlined in the FY 23 Annual Report
became fully embedded. Luc Baqué formally took on the role of
Chief Executive Officer on 1 April 2023, following the completion
of a thorough handover from Euan Fraser, the former Chief Executive
Officer. Euan supported the Board as a Strategio Adviser until

9 January 2024, which ensured a smooth transition.


===== page 68 =====
66 The Board is dedicated to
upholding the highest standards
of corporate governance. We
consider business ethics, integrity,
and strong governance fundamental
to reducing risk and securing
long-term shareholder value.”

FY 24 also saw the first full financial year with the ESG Committee
in place. This Committee aligns the Board’s environmental, social
and governance priorities and decision-making processes with
internal and external stakeholders, and it has overseen the shaping
and implementation of a comprehensive ESG strategy, alongside
other disclosures. The Group was pleased to have published its
first Sustainability Report and public UK Gender Pay Gap report
‘on its website, and its first TCFD report is published within this
Annual Report and Accounts (see pp 48-51). The Group's ESG
Committee report on pp 78-79 sets out this Committee’s
activities during FY 24 and its priorities for FY 25 in more detail.

Several new initiatives and enhancements to the governance
framework commenced during FY 24 and will continue to evolve
in FY 25. The Remuneration Committee, with the guidance of an
external specialist remuneration consultant, undertook a comprehensive
review of the Group's remuneration arrangements for the Executive
Directors and senior management. This has culminated in a new
Remuneration Policy for FY 25, which is more closely aligned with
current best practice for a large AIM-quoted business. Details can
be found in the Remuneration Committee report on pp 84-94.

An important element of this process was proactively consulting
with our major shareholders to seek their views on the proposals
before implementation.

The Group also took steps to strengthen an already robust risk
management process. Under the supervision and direction of the
Audit and Risk Committee, the risk policy has been reviewed and
updated as part of the annual review process, and an external
firm has been engaged to provide internal audit services to
supplement the existing audit process. Details of these developments
can be found in the Audit and Risk Committee report on pp 80-83.

The Group appointed its first in-house, full-time Company Secretary
in June 2023. Following the completion of a structured transition
process from Prism CoSec during the year, the Company Secretary
works closely with the Board, its committees and the Group's
stakeholders, to ensure the governance framework continues to
be robust and, importantly, is able to evolve in line with best practice.

Nt _

In the coming year, the Board will continue to champion the
Group's positive culture and robust governance framework

and ensure that they remain appropriate and proportionate to
the Group's size, complexity, risk profile, and strategic ambitions.
The Board will implement further enhancements to the Group's
governance credentials during FY 25, including demonstrating
progress against the ESG roadmap.

Stakeholders

The Board considers its key stakeholders to be its employees,

its shareholders, its clients and the communities in which the
Group operates, and understands these relationships facilitate

its decision making at an executive level. A statement setting out
how the Directors have discharged their duties under Section 172
of the Companies Act 2006, including a description of how the
Group has engaged with its key stakeholders, is set out on

pp 31-35.

Corporate culture

The Directors believe that the Group's culture, together with a
‘strong emphasis on integrity, business ethics, and good corporate
governance, ensures its ability to execute the strategy, deliver the
right outcomes for the Group's clients, and create value for
shareholders and other stakeholders.

The Board is able to promote and monitor the desired corporate
culture across the Group through its engagement with employee
representatives, review of relevant policies and decision making at
an executive level. The Group's culture and values are described
in the Looking After Our People section on pp 36-39.

Ken Fry

Chairman
20 June 2024

alphafme.com

TUCLIBAOD a}e10d10



===== page 69 =====
66 = Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate Governance

Board of Directors

Ken Fry Luc Baqué John Paton
Independent Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer
Non-Executive Chairman
Committee o a
membership
Term of Ken joined the Alpha Board as a Non-Executive Luc was appointed as Chiaf Executive John joined Alpha as Chief Financial Officer
office Director in 2016 and was appointed Officer of Alpha on 1 April 2023. in 2018.
Non-Executive Chairman of the Group in
2018. in 2025, Ken will have served on the
Board for nine years, and succession planning
arrangements are therefore under consideration.
Committee Ken is Chair of the Nomination Committee, Luc attends meetings of the Audit and Risk, John regularly attends the Audit and Risk
membership and a member of the Audit and Risk ESG, Nomination and Remuneration Committee meetings by invitation. He is also
Committee, the ESG Committee and the Committees by invitation when appropriate. _ invited to attend meetings of the ESG,
Remuneration Committee. Nomination, and Remuneration Committees
by invitation when appropriate.
Skills and Ken was Global Chief Operating Officer at _‘Lucoined Alpha in 2010 as Head of Asset. © Johnis a chartered accountant with over
experience Aberdeen Asset Management for nearly 10 & Wealth Management Consulting - France 25 years' finance, banking, corporate finance
years and has over 30 years’ experience in _from 2010 to 2018, Head of Asset & Wealth and accountancy practice experience. He
financial services. He has considerable Management Consulting ~ Europe from 2015 _ started his career at KPMG, working across
experience integrating acquisitions within to 2020 and Global Head of Asset & Wealth _ financial services audit, risk management,
the investment management industry anda © Management Consulting from 2020 until his __ financial reporting governance, risk and
strong technology and operations background, appointment as Chief Executive Oricer of internal controls, and systems implementations.
having undertaken many transformational the Group, Luc has over 20 years of experience John joined Alpha from HSBC where he was
projects during his career. He directed the —_in the industry. Prior to joining Aipha, he was __a Directorin both the Global Banking & Markets,
integration of major acquisitions while at Head of Change Management at UBS Wealth and Commercial Banking divisions in London.
Aberdeen Asset Management, including Management in Paris for five years, and ‘Over his 11-year tenure at HSBC, he advised
assets acquired trom Deutsche Asset spent six years specialising in financial con a variety of M&A transactions and led loan
Management, Credit Suisse Asset services with Solving International, a financings for UK corporates. Prior to this, he
Management and Scottish Widows strategy management consultancy. focused on capital raisings, including AIM
Investment Partners. Luc holds Master's degree in Engineesing _[POS: While at Ah, John as managed the
Ken keeps the skis to support and delver from Ecole Cenvale de Marseile and completed vandal aspects ol he aenistions and
the Group's strategy up to date by maintaining _an Executive Program at the Stanford in 2019, Lioportin 2021 and Srovelne in
a wide network of global contacts within the University Graduate School of Business. May 2028,
financial services industry. He regularly
attends conferences and discussion forums 8 Chief Executive Orficer, Luc has to He is a member of the institute of Chartered
to keep abreast of industry issues and meets Understand and manage the interests of a ‘Accountants of Scotland, graduated LLB
with clients, employees, advisers and range of stakeholders, including employees, (Hons) from the University of Aberdeen and
institutional investors. He also advises on clents, competitors and investors. Luc olds an Executive MBA from the University
MBA strategy within the investment maintains strong industry relationships, of Bristol and Ecole Nationale des Ponts et
management and wealth industry. which involves sharing of knowledge and Chaussées, France.
perspective on current themes and topics.
John's role involves deep knowledge of the
Group's management, financial and operational
activities, and important corporate and statutory
responsibiliies. He also maintains a deteled
view of industry, financial and regulatory changes
and stays updated through aialogue with
advisers, regular technical reading, online
courses and attending relevant events.
External Ken has no other significant commitments None. None.

appointments

or appointments to other publicly
traded companies,

alphafme.com


===== page 70 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024

67

Committee membership key

‘Bd Audit and Risk Committee
IBESG Committee
Nomination Committee
Remuneration Committee
Mchair

Penny Judd Jill May Maeve Byrne
Senior Independent Independent Independent
Non-Executive Director Non-Executive Director Non-Executive Director
befate [ny La] ag

Penny joined the Alpha Board as Senior
Independent Non-Executive Director in
February 2018,

Jill joined the Alpha Board as a
Non-Executive Director in July 2020.

Maeve joined the Alpha Board as a
Non-Executive Director on 16 May 2022.

Penny is Chair of the Remuneration
Committee and a member of the Audit and
Risk, ESG and Nomination Committees.

Jillis Chair of the ESG Committee and a
member of the Audit and Risk, Nomination
‘and Remuneration Committees.

Maeve is Chair of the Audit and Risk
‘Committee and a member of the ESG,
Nomination and Remuneration Committees.

Penny has a strong public markets and
financial services background, with over 30
years’ experience in compliance, regulation,
corporate finance and audit and is a qualified
chartered accountant. Prior to joining Alpha,
Penny held the roles of Managing Director
‘and EMEA Head of Compliance at both
Nomura International plc and UBS AG.

‘She was Non-Executive Chair of PiusS00
Limited from 2016 to 2021.

Penny maintains the skis to support and
deliver the Group's strategy through her
experience gained on other listed company
boards and has a wide network of contacts
in financial services and regulation. She
attends various conferences and events
covering relevant industry and governance
matters, and regularly meets with a range of
advisers and institutional investors in AIM
and main market companies.

Jill has over 20 years’ experience in
investment banking, with her executive
career spent working in corporate finance
for SG Warburg & Co. Lid (1985-95) and
senior positions in group strategy at UBS,
where she was a Managing Director from
2001 to 2012. She was a Panel Member
(2013-18) and a Non-Executive Director
(2013-16) of the Competition and Markets
Authority ("CMA") and a Non-Executive
Director of the institute of Chartered
Accountants in England and Wales
(ICAEW") (2015-19).

Jill maintains a wide network of contacts in
financial services and regulation. She attends
various conferences and events covering
relevant industry and ESG matters and stays
updated on ESG regulation and reporting
practice developments.

Maeve is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered
‘Accountants in treland and has over 30 years’
experience in financial services. She started
her career as an auditor with KPMG Ireland
‘and worked in several other KPMG international
offices in Europe and North America. Within
KPMG, Maeve moved from audit to transaction
services where she was a Financial Services
Partner from 2002 to 2014. From 2010 to
2013, she was seconded to Royat Bank of
Scotland and the Non-Core Division, where
‘she was Chief Financial Officer and a member
of the Group Finance Board and Risk &
Controt Committee. From 2014 to 2017, she
held senior executive roles at the Royal Bank
of Scotland in Capital Resolutions Group and
Wiliams & Glyn.

Since 2017, Maeve has focused on
transtormation services, offering board
advisory services as an independent
consultant. She has worked with financial
services companies including Santander
and clients in the fintech/neobank space,

‘She maintains the skills to support and deliver
the Group's strategy by attending events
covering relevant industry and governance
matters, particularly in relation to her role as
Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee.

Penny is currently Non-Executive Director
and Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee
of Trufin plc and Team17 Group ple and
Non-Executive Chair of FRP Advisory Group
Pic. Penny is also Chair of the Audit and Risk
Committee of Lendinvest pic as at the date
of this report, but will step down from this
‘ole with effect from the publication of
Lendinvest plc's annual results in July 2024.

dill is currently an External Member of the
Prudential Regulation Committee at the Bank
of England and a Non-Executive Director of
abrdn Property Income Trust Limited and JP
Morgan Claverhouse Investment Trust pic. She
is also an Adviser to the Strategy Committee of
James Hambro and Partners, and a Trustee of
‘Tusk, a charity supporting progressive
conservation initiatives across Africa.

Maeve has no significant commitments or
‘appointments to other publicly traded companies.

alphatme.com

°
gs
3
g
Es
3
2
2
3
a
8g
a
8



===== page 71 =====
68

Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate Governance

Corporate Governance Code

The 2018 QCA Code requires the Group to apply the 10 principles of corporate
governance as set out below and to publish certain related disclosures in the
Annual Report, on the website, or a combination of the two. The Group followed
the 2018 QCA Code's recommendations throughout FY 24, providing disclosure
relating to all the principles in a corporate governance statement on its website.
Asummary of the Group's compliance with the principles is set out below.

The revised principles of the 2023 QCA Code apply to financial years beginning on or after 1 April 2024 and, in accordance with the
QCA's recommendation, the Board will disclose how it has applied the principles of the 2023 QCA Code in the FY 25 Annual Report
(if still relevant, in view of the Offer).

Section 1: Deliver growth

Links to the following report section

Principle 1:

Establish a strategy
and business model
that promote long-term
value for shareholders.

The business model is premised upon delivering growth
through the cross-sell and up-sell of its high-quality
service offering to existing clients and the sale of its
services to new clients.

The strategy is to continue growing in both existing and
new jurisdictions by developing the service proposition.
In seeking to implement its strategic aims, the Board
takes account of the expectations of the Group's
shareholder base in addition to its wider stakeholder
and social responsibilities.

The Group's business model and strategy
are described in the Strategic Report on
pp 16-23.

Principle 2:
Seek to understand
and meet shareholder

needs and expectations. -

Good, consistent engagement with shareholders is given
a high priority by the Board. The principal methods of
communication with shareholders are through regular,
direct executive-level engagement at meetings and capital
markets events, the Annual Report and Accounts, the
interim and full-year results announcements, the Annual
General Meeting (‘AGM") and the Group's website,
alphafmc.com/investors.

The Chairman and Non-Executive Directors are available
to meet with shareholders, if required, to discuss any
items of importance.

The Group's approach to shareholder
communications is described in the corporate
governance report on pp 70-75.

The Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial
Officer and the Company Secretary act as
the main points of contact for shareholders
(company.secretary@alphafme.com).

During the year, the Chair of the Remuneration
Committee offered to meet with major
shareholders in relation to the consultation
‘on the FY 25 Remuneration Policy.

Principle 3:

Take into account wider
stakeholder and social
responsibilities and
their implications for
long-term success.

The Board, supported by the executive team, is committed
to operating a socially and ethically responsible company.

Engagement with stakeholders and wider communities
ensures alignment of interests and facilitates good
decision making.

The Group’s community and:corporate social
responsibility disclosure is provided as part
of the sustainable business section on

p. 45. A separate Sustainability Report is also
published on the Group’s website.

The Group's engagement model with clients
and wider stakeholders is described in the
Strategic Report on pp 31-35.

| Principle 4:

Embed effective risk
management, considering
‘both opportunities and
threats, throughout

" the organisation,

i

The Board has overall responsibility for the Group's risk
management framework, including internal control and
risk management systems. In executing this role, it regularly
considers and reviews the risks and opportunities facing
the Alpha business.

The goal of the Board is to set policies that seek to reduce
ongoing risk as far as possible, without unduly affecting
the Group's competitiveness and flexibility.

The Group's risk management framework
is described in the Strategic Report

on pp 52-56 and in the corporate
governance report on pp 70-75.

alphafme.com



===== page 72 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 69

Section 2: Maintain a dynamic framework

Links to the following report section

Principle 5:

Maintain the Board as a
well-functioning, balanced
team led by the Chair.

The Group believes that the Board's composition

brings a desirable range of skills, personal qualities

and professional credentials. Suitable Board operations,
access to advice and administrative services, effective
induction of new Directors and a regular performance

assessment also ensure Board effectiveness.

The Board's composition and operating’
framework is described in the corporate
governance report on pp 70-75.

Principle 6:

Ensure that between
them, the Directors
have the necessary
up-to-date experience,
skills and capabilities,

Alpha's Board needs to represent a range of skills and
competencies as an AIM-quoted provider of specialist
consultancy services to the asset management, wealth
management and insurance industries. The Board
includes experience in public markets, financial services,

governance and audit, the consulting sector, and
business operations.

Biographical details of the Directors, including
relevant experiences and how skill sets are
kept up to date, are provided on pp 66-67
of the corporate governance report.

All Directors voluntarily offer themselves for
re-election by shareholders at each Annual
General Meeting.

Principle 7:

Evaluate Board
performance based on
clear and relevant
objectives, seeking
continuous
improvement.

The Board's objectives are to approve the Group's strategy,
budgets and key corporate activities, and oversee its
Progress towards its goals. The Group has a process for
evaluating the performance of the Board, committees
and individual Directors in respect of those objectives.

The Board's evaluation framework and
FY 24 evaluation process are described
in the corporate governance report
on pp 70-75 and the Nomination
Committee report on pp 76-77.

Principle 8:
Promote a corporate
culture based on ethical
values and behaviours.

The Board recognises its role in fostering and safeguarding
a culture of inclusion, responsibility and openness. These
values are embedded throughout the Group's leadership

and organisation.

The Group's culture and values are
discussed in the looking after our people
section on pp 36-39.

The ESG strategy and roadmap is overseen
by the ESG Committee and details of its role
and activities are included in the ESG
Committee report on pp_78-79,

The Group's Sustainability Report, which
can be found on the Alpha website at
alphafmc.com/investors, also provides
‘supporting complementary information
‘on the Group's ESG activities.

Principle 9:

Maintain governance
structures and processes
that are fit for purpose
and good decision
making by the Board.

The Group operates an effective, streamlined governance
framework. In this framework, the Board supports the
executive team in developing and executing the Group's

Strategy, and key decisions are reached through open and

constructive dialogue.

A governance chart is provided on p. 74 and
processes are described on pp 72-73 of the
corporate governance report.

Section 3: Build trust

Links to the following report section ‘|

Principle 10:
Communicate how the
Company is governed
and is performing by
maintaining a dialogue
with shareholders and
other relevant stakeholders.

The Group places a great emphasis on high standards
of corporate governance and effective engagement with
its shareholders and stakeholders. In addition to the
Annual Report and Accounts, the website is updater
regularly with information regarding the Group's acti

and performance.

The governance of the Company, which,
is led by the Board, is described in the
corporate governance report on pp 70-75.

The website, alphafme.convinvestors, provides
the Group's reports and presentations,
notices of AGM and results of voting on all
resolutions at AGMs.

alphafme.com

°
8
3
g
2
s
ra)
8
<
g
3
a
3
3
cy



===== page 73 =====
70 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate Governance

Corporate governance report

Board compo:
The Board comprises six Directors: the independent Non-Executive
Chairman, three independent Non-Executive Directors and two
Executive Directors.

As a leading global provider of specialist consultancy services
to the financial services industry and an AIM-quoted company,
Alpha requires a range of skills, capabilities and competencies
to be represented on the Board, including experience in public
markets, financial services, governance and audit, the consulting
sector and business operations. The Board is confident that its
members have the appropriate balance of functional and sector
experience, skills, personal qualities and capabilities to provide
constructive support and challenge to the Executive Directors,
and to deliver the strategy of the Group for the benefit of the
shareholders over the medium to long term. The biographies

of the Directors, including a summary of their relevant skills

and experience can be found on pp 66-67.

The Board also recognises that, as the Group evolves, the mix
of skills and experience required on the Board may evolve and
the Board composition will need to reflect those changes. The
Nomination Committee has responsibility for succession planning
for the Board, its committees and senior management.

Arigorous Board performance evaluation for FY 24 was undertaken
during March and April 2024, The evaluation was conducted
using a recognised online platform and was followed by an
in-person review of the output by the Nomination Committee.

The results of Board performance evaluations are used to inform
the Group's succession plans and any Board development needs.
Further details of the FY 24 Board evaluation review, including the
scope of the review and key findings, can be found on p. 77.

Roles of the Directors

The Group operates an effective, appropriate governance
framework. The Board has collective and ultimate responsibility
for establishing a strategy and business model that promotes
long-term value for shareholders. The Board is supported by the
Group's executive team, led by the Chief Executive Officer,

in developing and executing the Group's strategy.

The Executive Directors have strong knowledge of the operations
of the Group, the interests of its stakeholders, and its market and
financial positions. Senior executives below Board level attend
Board meetings upon request to present and discuss business
strategy and updates.

The Executive Directors that served on the Board throughout the
year were Luc Baqué, as Chief Executive Officer, and John Paton,
the Chief Financial Officer. Luc Baqué was appointed as Chief
Executive Officer on 1 April 2023, following a structured transition
from Euan Fraser, the outgoing Chief Executive Officer. To maximise
continuity, Euan Fraser undertook a part-time role as Strategic
Adviser to the Board between 1 April 2023 and 9 January 2024.

alphafme.com

The independent Non-Executive Directors of the Board are
Ken Fry, Penny Judd, Jill May and Maeve Byrne. They were
selected with the objective of increasing the breadth of skills
and experience of the Board, bringing constructive and
independent challenge to the Executive Directors and
monitoring their performance. The Non-Executive Directors
are also responsible for the effective running of the Board's
committees and ensuring that the committees support and
facilitate the strategic priorities of the Board.

Penny Judd is the Senior Independent Non-Executive Director
("SID"). The principal role of the SID is to act as a sounding board
for the Chairman and to serve as an intermediary for the other
Directors when necessary. Penny is also available to shareholders
should they wish to discuss concerns that they feel have not been
resolved through the normal channels of engagement with the
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer or Executive Directors, or for
which such contact is inappropriate

At the head of the Group, there is a clear delineation of responsibilities
between the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer.
The Non-Executive Chairman leads the Board and is responsible
for its governance, performance and effectiveness. This includes
ensuring that the dynamics of the Board are functional and
productive and that no individual Director dominates discussion
or decision making. In this role, the Chairman sets the tone for the
Company and ensures that the links between the Board and the
‘executive team, as well as between the Board and the shareholders,
are strong and effective. Meanwhile, the Chief Executive Officer is
responsible for the day-to-day management of the Group's global
operations, for proposing the strategic plan and focuses to the
Board, and for implementing the strategic goals agreed by the Board.

Board of Directors Ken Fry Independent
Non-Executive

Responsible for establishing Chairman

the Company's strategic

direction and overseeing

‘a robust framework

of governance.

Executive Directors. Luc Baqué Chiet Executive

Responsible for day-to-day Officer

management of the

Company's business John Paton: Chief Financial

operations and delivery Officer

of Group strategy.

Non-Executive i Penny Judd Senior Independent

Directors Non-Executive

. Director

Responsible for providing

independent challenge to, { ill May Independent

and oversight of the Non-Executive

performance of, the Director

Executive Directors. (oon Bye vmdopendont
Non-Executive
Director



===== page 74 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 71

Board independence

The Board considers an independent Non-Executive Director to
be free from any relationship that might materially interfere with
the exercise of independent judgement.

The Non-Executive Directors are considered to be independent
and therefore the Board is compliant with the QCA Code on the
topic of Director independence. All Directors are encouraged and
expected to use their independent judgement and to challenge all
matters, whether strategic or operational.

Appointments to the Board and re-election

The Board has delegated to the Nomination Committee the task of
reviewing Board composition, searching for appropriate candidates
and making recommendations to the Board on candidates to be
appointed to the Board. Decisions regarding the appointment and
removal of Directors are reserved for the full Board. Further details
are set out in the Nomination Committee report on pp 76-77.

Under the Company's Articles of Association, the Directors

have the power to appoint new Directors during the year, but

any person appointed by the Board since the last Annual General
Meeting is obliged to retire and offer themselves for re-election.
Furthermore, in accordance with recommended best practice,

all Directors intend to offer themselves for re-election at the 2024
AGM (if held). The Board considers that each of the Directors
offering themselves for re-election makes a valuable contribution
to the Board and demonstrates commitment to the Group.

Diversity

The Board values diversity in its broadest sense and is committed
to creating an inclusive culture, free from discrimination of any kind.
When assessing new Director appointments, the Nomination
Committee considers the benefits of diversity for better decision
making and diversity of thought, in addition to looking at how to
maintain within the Board the appropriate balance of skills,
independence and knowledge of the Company, its services and
the industry as a whole. Recognising the benefits that diversity
can bring to all areas of the Group and noting the recommendations
in the reports of the Hampton:Alexander review and the FTSE
Women Leaders reviews, women currently represent 50% of
Alpha’s Board, including the role of Senior Independent Director.

The Group has a comprehensive Diversity & Inclusion programme,
which was first established in 2015 and which has evolved
‘steadily year on year. Diversity & Inclusion initiatives are run
voluntarily by members of the global Consulting team, supported
by the Group Responsible Business function, and overseen by
the ESG Committee. Alpha is committed to a positive policy of
promoting equality of opportunity and diversity, providing an
inclusive environment, and eliminating any unfair or unlawful
discrimination, which applies to all offices, all business areas
and all levels from graduate to the Chief Executive Officer.

In order to consider the effectiveness and priorities of the Diversity
& Inclusion programme, the ESG Committee receives regular
updates on the programme. The Group has a Social Responsibility
Lead who, working alongside senior business leads, helps ensure
that Alpha's governance, recruitment and internal processes are
managed and evolving appropriately to deliver a sufficiently
diverse group of candidates, hires and employees.

The Board is committed to supporting tangible actions that will
support diversity across the entire Group, and in April 2024 the
Group publicly communicated its first Group-wide diversity
ambition. This is for 25% of the global director team to be
‘women or nonbinary in five years’ time.

[Ey Read more about the Diversity & Inclusion programme and policy
within our Sustainability Report

we - ee sey

r
| Board statistics
t

Gender

@ male-3

O Female-3 :
i

Role

@ i20ePendent Non-Executive
Chairman - 1

Independent Non-Executive
Directors ~3

© Executive Directors - 2

Length of tenure
@ 0-1 years - 1
@ 1-3 years—1
© 3-5 years -1
© 5-10 years -3
10+ years -O

25 Refers to the Hampton-Alaxander review and FTSE Leaders review (UK) int

ng the number of ‘on boards and in senior leadership positions. The final report of the

Hamplon-Atxander evew was published February 202 ne lales opor ol tne FTSE Wonven Lsatareravow as pobisnod in February 2024

alphafme.com

°
g
3
8
om
Bi
o)
3
e
8
3
FA
g
3
8



===== page 75 =====
72 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate Governance

Corporate governance report continued

How the Board operates

The Board is responsible for the Group's strategy

and overall management. The operation of the

Board is documented in a formal schedule of

matters reserved for its approval, which sets out
| the Board's responsibilities.

The Board is required to meet at least six times a
year. During the financial year, nine Board meetings
took place. Five of these meetings were held in
person and four of these were held via video
conference facility. A number of ad hoc calls

and Board committee meetings were also held

to discuss topical or time sensitive matters, to
approve financial results announcements and
trading updates, or to implement decisions taken
by the Board as a whole under delegated authorities.
The Board also held dedicated strategy sessions
with input from senior management in April and
September 2023, in line with the schedule of
annual Board activity.

The Directors seek to attend all meetings of the
Board and the committees on which they sit and
ensure that they allocate sufficient time to the
Group as is needed to enable them to carry out
their responsibilities as Directors.

The time commitment required of all Non-Executive
Directors is currently three days per month, which
is set out in their letters of appointment. During
‘the year, the Board reviewed the time commitment
of the Non-Executive Directors and is satisfied
that each of the Directors dedicates sufficient time
to the Group's business.

The Board and committee schedules are planned ~

in advance of the financial year ahead, in order to
facilitate attendance and ensure that the appropriate
discussion time is available. The number of meetings
of the Board held during FY 24, and the attendance
by each Board member are provided below:

The Board has an agenda of regular business, financial and operational matters
for discussion, as well as a review of each of the Board committees’ areas of work.

The key acti

ties of the Board meetings during the year included the following:

Strategic

Discussed the strategy and reviewed the progress of
strategic priorities.

Discussed the Group's capital structure and
financial strategy.

Considered and approved the acquisition of Shoreline.

Reviewed and discussed the Group's acquisition
strategy and potential acquisition targets.

Received presentations from members of the senior
management team, covering key regions and business areas.

Performance

Approved the financial reporting, including interim and
full-year results.

Reviewed the dividend policy and approved a final
dividend of 10.50p per share in relation to the year
ended 31 March 2023.

Considered and declared an interim dividend of 3.70p
per share for FY 24,

Governance
and risk

Under the supervision of the Audit and Risk Committee,
reviewed and updated financial and non-financial policies,
including the risk policy and the whistleblowing policy,
and reviewed and agreed updates to the Group's risk
policy and risk management framework, including the
principat risks.

Under the supervision of the ESG Committee,
reviewed and approved the ESG roadmap.

Discussed and monitored the regulatory and
compliance landscape and reviewed corporate
governance requirements and processes, including
reviewing the 2023 QCA Corporate Governance Code.

Under the supervision of the Remuneration Committee,
reviewed the existing Remuneration Policy and agreed
updates to this, to take effect from 1 April 2024.

Appointed the Group's first in-house Company Secretary.

Eligible to
Board member attend Attendance
Ken Fry (Chairman) 9 9
Lue Baqué 9 9
Maeve Byrne 9 9
Penny Judd 9 9
Jill May 9 8
John Paton 9 9

* Ad hoc meeting held by video conferencing facilly, which Jill May
‘was unable to attend due to pre-existing arrangements.

alphatme.com

Stakeholders

Continued an open dialogue with the investor community.

Reviewed the progress of key client relationships and
engagements across the Group.

Reviewed the actions taken by senior management to
review and support employee retention and wellbeing.

The Chairman, aided by the Company Secretary, is responsible for ensuring that
the Directors receive accurate and timely information for the Board meeting.
Board packs are circulated at least four business days prior to the meeting.

The Company Secretary provides minutes of each meeting and every Director is
aware of the right to have any concerns documented. In addition, the Company
Secretary ensures that any feedback or suggestions for Improvement of the
Board papers are documented and evaluated for amendment or enhancement
with respect to future meetings of the Board.


===== page 76 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 202473.

Committees of the Board

The Board has in place Audit and Risk, Remuneration,
Nomination and ESG Committees, each with delegated
responsibilities and duties set out formaily within terms of
reference. The terms of reference for the individual committees
are reviewed regularly and approved by the Board.

From time to time, separate ad hoc committees may be set up by
the Board to consider and address specific issues or objectives,
when the need arises. .

Audit and Risk Committee

Responsible for monitoring the integrity of the Company’s
financial statements and overseeing the effectiveness of the
Company's systems of risk management and internal control.
The Audit and Risk Committee report can be found on

pp 80-83.

Nomination Committee

Responsible for the structure, size, composition, effectiveness
and succession planning of the Board. Further information can
be found on pp 76-77.

Remuneration Committee

Responsible for setting fixed and variable Executive Director
remuneration and monitoring senior management remuneration
levels. Further information can be found on pp 84-94,

ESG Committee

Responsible for the development and implementation of the
Group's ESG strategy. The ESG Committee report is included
on pp 78-79. Further information about the Group's ESG
pridrities, efforts and progress can be found in the sustainable
business section on pp 40-47.

The structure and operation of the Board’s committees were
considered by the Board as part of the FY 24 Board evaluation.
The Board concluded that the composition of each committee
remained appropriate, and that each committee was operating
effectively. This year saw the first full year of operation for the
ESG Committee and the publication of the Group’s first ESG
Committee report and its first Sustainability Report. Further
information about the key areas of activity and focus of this
Committee can be found on pp 78-79.

External advisers

The Board members may seek the advice of the Group’s legal
advisers, corporate brokers, external auditor and the Nominated
Adviser (‘NOMAD") on matters within the Board or the committees’
terms of reference, or to obtain recommendations on specific
corporate or governance events. During the year the Board also
appointed Grant Thornton to conduct internal audit services

(see p. 81 for details) and the Remuneration Committee appointed
haglenfern to provide advice on remuneration matters (see p. 93
for details).

Investec is the Group’s NOMAD, as well as its joint broker
alongside Berenberg. The Directors have direct access to
the advice and services of an in-house Company Secretary.

9°
8
3
g
2
3
2
8
<
3
3
a
3
3
°

Development, information and support

The Company Secretary ensures that all Directors are kept
abreast of changes in relevant legislation and regulations, with
the assistance of the Group’s other advisers where appropriate.
Executive Directors are subject to a performance review and
development process through which their performance against
predetermined objectives is reviewed and their personal and
professional development needs are considered. Non-Executive
Directors are encouraged to raise any personal development or
training needs with the Chairman or Company Secretary. During
the year, training undertaken by the Board included refresher
training from the Company's NOMAD on the obligations on
AIM-quoted companies, and training on pertinent ESG matters,
including diversity and inclusion.

Board effectiveness

The objectives of the Board are to review, formulate and approve
the Group's strategy, to review, discuss and agree budgets and
key corporate activities, and to oversee the Group's progress
towards its goals. The Group has a structured process for evaluating
the performance and effectiveness of the Board, its committees
and the Directors individually in respect of these objectives. In
addition, the Chairman assesses the Board as a whole regularly
to ensure that it is functioning efficiently and productively.

A formal Board evaluation process was undertaken during March
2024 and April 2024 in respect of FY 24, with oversight from the
Nomination Committee. A variety of approaches were considered
for the FY 24 evaluation, including enhancing the existing internally-led
process and the engagement of an external Board evaluator.
Following careful consideration, the decision was taken to
introduce an online board evaluation platform, “BoardClic”, to
enhance the process. Details of the FY 24 Board evaluation,
including the areas covered by the review and the key findings,
are detailed in the Nomination Committee report on p. 77.

alphatme.com


===== page 77 =====
74 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate Governance
Corporate governance report continued

Board structure

Alpha Board Key
Agrees Group strategy @ Executive
‘Audit and Risk Committee
fo) towards strat als °
versees progress towards strategic go: @ESC Commitee

Shareholder and stakeholder engagement

Chairman of the Board
Leadership of the Board

Reviews performance of the Board Directors

Ensures appropriate and
effective corporate governance

Q@ Nomination Committee
@ Remuneration Committee

Group Coordination Group Executive Audit and Risk

Environment, Nomination Remuneration

Committee Committee Committee Social and Committee Committee
Management of Monitors and addresses Ensures effective Governance Reviews Board Agrees remuneration
business operations strategic direction of the systems of internal Committee composition and policies for the Executive
Coordination of Group's business control andrisk —Qversees development of |—_—_—balance of skills Directors and members.
: management" . of senior management
‘commercial activities Execution of strategy and nage! Ie ESG swralegy anc Leads the process for 29
Maintains Group PTPO8ES-Ay changes to Oversees the Group's, agrees associated targets Board appointments __—Ensures operation of
" 1! financi ti fi transparent, simple
governance structure he sratesy mendislreporing Reviews implementation Ensures appropriate nsoarent ine
Monitors coordination, Appoints and oversees othestategy. succession planning incentive schemes
cross-seling and —_the relationship with the
effective decision-making external auditor and —_Engures appropriate Considers alignment of
across the Group ‘oversees the internal EG priorities within reward with long-term
business model audit process Alphe’s governance and shareholder value
business mode!
Chief Executive Global Head, Global Head, Global Head,
Officer Lionpoint Aiviq Insurance
Consulting
Chief Financial Group Managing Global Head,
Officer Director Asset & Wealth
Management
Consulting

Conflicts of interest

The Company has effective procedures in place to identify,
monitor and manage any conflicts of interest. At each meeting of
the Board or its committees, the Directors are required to declare
any interests in the matters to be discussed and are regularly
reminded of their duty to notify any actual or potential conflicts of
interest. The Company's Articles provide for the Board to authorise
any actual or potential conflicts of interest if deemed appropriate
todo so.

alphafme.com

Internal controls and risk management

The Board has overall accountability for the systems of internal
control and risk management. The Audit and Risk Committee
reviews and assures the effectiveness of the Group's internal
controls and risk management on the Board's behalf.

As part of that duty, the Board determines the Group's risk
management appetite and policies. In this respect, the objective
of the Board is to set policies that seek to reduce ongoing risk as
far as possible, without unduly affecting the Group's competitiveness
and flexibility. The Board believes that this approach serves the
interests of creating sustainable shareholder value while also
protecting the Group's corporate culture and other

stakeholder interests.


===== page 78 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 75

Engagement calendar FY 24
April2023 June 2023 September 2023 October 2023 March 2024
Pre-close Fullyear results Private client broker Pre-close Trading update
investor virtual roadshow, and shareholder investor 9
meetings UK and Europe meetings, UK meetings 3
3
—+-——+ + + +> :
3
ry
April 2023 September 2023 October 2023 November 2023 March-April 2024 3
Pre-close Annual General Pre-close Interim results Investor conference B
trading update Meeting ‘wading update virtual roadshow, calls, UK and Europe: 3
UK and Europe 8

The operational functions of the Group are carried out within a
practical and effective risk management framework. The Group
Coordination Committee has executive responsibility for identifying
and managing risk effectively across the business. Any material
operational decisions made by the Group Coordination Committee
in this respect are reviewed by the Board.

The identified material operational, industry and market, financial,
environmental and social, and commercial and legal risks facing
the Group are also reported to the Board. A summary of the
principal risks and uncertainties, as well as mitigating actions,

are provided in the Principal Risks section of the Strategic Report.
The Board formally reviews, agrees and documents the principal
risks to the business at least annually.

Alpha has a full-time Group Head of Risk & Responsible Business
who oversees Alpha’s risk framework and processes. During the
year, the Audit and Risk Committee reviewed the Group's risk
Policy along with the risk framework and internal controls, and
‘subject to certain updates, it was agreed that they were appropriate
for the operating context and business model. The Group's risk
management processes and any opportunities to introduce
further enhancements are regularly reviewed and changes are
implemented as appropriate.

Shareholder communications ©

The Board places great emphasis on maintaining an effective
dialogue with shareholders, which it considers to be integral to
long-term growth and success. It is committed to communicating
consistently and openly with shareholders.

The principal methods of communication are the Annual Report
and Accounts, the interim and full-year results announcements,
the AGM and the Group's investor website, alphafmc.com/investors.
The website is updated regularly with information regarding the
Group’s governance, activities and performance, including both
statutory and non-statutory regulatory news announcements,
which are issued throughout the year to update on financial,
operational and other matters.

The Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer meet with
the representatives of the Group's institutional investors as well
as investment analysts to ensure that the Group's corporate
objectives, strategies and operational developments are clear
and understood,

In-person and virtual investor roadshows are held following the
announcement of the final and interim results, attended by the
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and there are
also ad hoc investor meetings that are part of the building of
relationships with existing and future shareholders. Details of
investor relations activity and a review of the shareholder register
are shared with the Board on a regular basis during the year.

Understanding what analysts and investors think about the Group
is an equally important component of these interactions. The Board
as a whole is kept informed of their feedback and views by the
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. This includes
information provided by the Group's joint corporate brokers, Berenberg
and Investec, following investor meetings. The Chairman and
Non-Executive Directors are also available to meet with shareholders,
if required, to discuss any items of importance.

The Board will also engage directly with major shareholders on
certain strategic matters where this is accepted good practice.
For example, during April 2024 a consultation with major shareholders
was undertaken in relation to the Group's FY 25 executive
remuneration arrangements and updates to the Remuneration
Policy. Further details can be found on p. 86.

Annual General Meeting

On 20 June 2024, the Board announced a recommended cash
offer to acquire Alpha by Actium Bidco (UK) Limited, a newly
incorporated indirect subsidiary of certain funds managed by
Bridgepoint Advisers Limited. Further details can be found on
Pp. 64 and on the Company's website. If this Offer is completed,
it is expected that the Group will be re-registered as a private
company, in which case it may no longer be necessary for the
Company to hold a 2024 AGM, depending on the timing of that
re-registration. A further update will be provided to shareholders
in due course.

By order of the Board.
Ken Fry

Chairman
20 June 2024

alphafme.com


===== page 79 =====
76 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate Governance

Nomination Committee report

Membership
Ken Fry (Chair)
Jill May

Maeve Byrne
Penny Judd

Key actions from FY 24
— Enhanced the existing Board evaluation process. .

— Ensured a smooth transition and induction for the
Chief Executive Officer.

— Reviewed succession plans for the Board and
senior management.
Priorities for FY 25

— Progress actions identified from the FY 24 Board
evaluation process.

— Consider any training and development needs for
Board members.

— Further review succession plans for the Board and senior
management to ensure that these remain up to date.

— Undertake succession planning for the Chair, who will
have served on the Board for nine years in 2025.

The Nomination Committee leads the
process for Board appointments and
makes recommendations about Board
composition and succession planning.

On behalf of the Board, | am pleased to present the Nomination
Committee's report for the year ended 31 March 2024.

Committee composition and governance

The Committee is composed wholly of independent Non-Executive
Directors. It is chaired by the Chairman of the Board, Ken Fry,
and its other members are Penny Judd, Jill May and Maeve
Byrne. All members served throughout the year,

The Nomination Committee meets as and when necessary, but
at least twice a year. The Nomination Committee met formally
twice during FY 24 and all members of the Committee attended
both meetings.

In the event that the matter under discussion relates to the Chairman's
re-appointment or succession, the Committee is chaired by an
independent Non-Executive Director. The Group’s Company
Secretary attends each meeting, and the Chief Executive Officer

and Chief Financial Officer are invited to join meetings as appropriate.

Key responsibilities

The Committee's main duties are set out in its terms of reference,
which are reviewed annually and are available on the Company's
investor website (alphafmc.com/investors/board-committees).

alphafme.com

Ken Fry

Chair of the
Nomination
Committee

The purpose of the Committee is to keep under review the
‘structure, size and composition of the Board, as well as
succession planning for the Directors. It leads the process
for identifying and nominating, for approval by the Board,
candidates to fill Board and committee vacancies.

The Committee follows a robust process for recommending
appointments and re- appointments to the Board. Its primary
responsibilities in this area include:

— Regularly reviewing the structure, size and composition of
the Board to ensure that it has an appropriate balance of
skills, independence, knowledge, experience and diversity;

— Considering succession planning for the Board Directors and
senior executives, taking into account the challenges and
opportunities facing the Company and wider Group, along
with skills and expertise that may be required in the future;

— Identifying and nominating for approval by the Board
candidates to fil Board vacancies as and when they arise;

— Ensuring that the necessary due diligence and conflicts of
interest checks have been undertaken before an appointment
is made;

~- Monitoring whether satisfactory induction is provided to new
Directors to develop their knowledge of the Group, and their
Board and committee responsibilities; and

— Reviewing the results of the Board evaluation process and
ensuring that the conclusions are captured and actioned
where necessary.

Activities during the year

Chief Executive Officer appointment and transition

On 1 April 2023, following the completion of a handover process
from Euan Fraser, Luc Baqué was appointed as Chief Executive
Officer. Between this date and 9 January 2024, Euan Fraser
undertook a part-time role as Strategic Adviser to the Board.
During this time, Euan was invited to attend Board and certain
committee meetings in an advisory capacity. This arrangement
enabled the Board to continue to benefit from Euan’s extensive
knowledge of the Group's history and client base during this
transitional period. The Board is grateful for Euan’s contribution
during the year.


===== page 80 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 77

Board induction and training

During the year, Luc Baqué completed a thorough induction
Programme, which included receiving coaching from the outgoing
Chief Executive Officer, time spent with the Non-Executive Directors
On a One-to-one basis, and training in investor relations. In April
2023, a Board training session was delivered by the Company's
NOMAD, Investec, which covered the responsibilities of directors
of AIM-quoted companies, including relevant legal and regulatory
obligations. This formed part of Luc Baqué's induction programme
and served as a refresher for all Board members. Subsequent to
the year end, the whole Board has also undertaken training on
relevant ESG-related matters, including diversity and inclusion.

Succession planning

Akey role of the Committee is to ensure that the Group has
appropriate succession planning in place, and this is reviewed by
the Committee each year. During the year, the Committee reviewed
and approved contingency and succession plans for each member
of the Board. Succession plans for the Executive Directors are
considered over three timescales: i) immediately in the event of an
unexpected event such as illness; ii) three years’ time; and iii) five
years’ time. The Committee's succession considerations during
FY 24 included a refresh of succession plans for Luc Baqué
following his appointment to the Board on 1 April 2023.

By 2025, | will have served on the Board as Chair for nine years
and, as such, | will no longer be considered independent under
generally accepted UK corporate governance standards.
Therefore, the Committee is actively considering succession
planning for my role.

Renewal of appointment letter

The Committee has considered the renewal of Penny Judd's
appointment, which is due to expire at the 2024 AGM. The Committee
recommended to the Board that Penny's appointment be renewed
for a further three-year term from the conclusion of the 2024 AGM
(if held), subject to annual re-election by shareholders.

Board evaluation

As part of the Board’s commitment to maintaining a strong corporate
governance framework, the Committee reviews the approach to,
and results of, the Board's performance evaluation process.

During the year, the Nomination Committee sought to enhance
the current internal Board performance evaluation process. This
was done in order to increase the thoroughness and objectivity
of the process, in line with the recommendations outlined in the
2023 QCA Code on board performance evaluation.

After careful consideration, the decision was made to use a
thorough online board evaluation platform, “BoardClic’, to undertake
the review. The evaluation process covered key areas, including:
Purpose and strategy; Board agenda and meetings; talent and
culture; Board composition and dynamics; effectiveness of the
Chair; information, reporting and risk management; and
effectiveness of the Board committees.

A detailed report, which included qualitative responses and
benchmarking against other respondent companies, was
subsequently provided to the Nomination Committee. Following
a detailed discussion, it was agreed that the Chair, the Board,
its committees and its governance framework continued to operate
effectively. No significant areas of concern were identified from

the review process. A number of actions were, however, agreed in
response to the findings:

— Further improvements to be made to certain regular Board reports
to ensure they are easily digestible and focus on key matters;

~ Board and committee agenda considerations, including the
addition of regular updates on the market and competitor
dynamics by the Chief Executive Officer and the Company's
brokers, and the potential use of virtual meetings for certain
committee meetings; and

— Additional succession planning considerations, including those
relating to the Non-Executive Directors.

The Nomination Committee intends to retain the internal
methodology for future Board evaluations, but will also consider
the periodic use of an external evaluator to supplement this
process, as recommended by the 2023 QCA Code.

9°
g
3
s
g
3
2
8
2
g
3
Fy
5
3
cy

Diversity

In executing its duties, the Nomination Committee objectively
considers candidates on merit and with due regard for the benefits
of diversity, including gender and ethnic diversity, on the Board.

Alpha is an equal opportunities employer and the Group's policy is
to ensure that all employees, or those seeking employment, are
treated fairly. This policy applies at Board level and across the Group.
All decisions relating to recruitment, selection and promotion are
made objectively regardless of race, ethnicity, nationality, gender/
gender identity, sexual orientation, religious belief, political opinion,
age, disability and educational or socioeconomic background.

The Board exceeds the gender diversity target set by the
Hampton-Alexander review and the FTSE Women Leaders Review
2022, with women representing 50% of the Board. The Group is also
committed to increasing the gender diversity of its senior management
over time and has publicly communicated a target in relation to
this, Details of this target and how the Group intends to achieve
this can be found on p. 44. The Group will also continue to
monitor emerging regulations or guidelines in relation to other
aspects of the Board's diversity.

While there are no current plans to appoint any additional Board
members, when considering any future appointments to the Board,
the Nomination Committee will consider the diversity of the Board
as a whole, including socio-economic backgrounds, nationality,
educational attainment, gender, ethnicity and age, and the need
to avoid any risk of “group-think”.

The ESG Committee's remit includes oversight of the Group's
Diversity & Inclusion strategy, policies and initiatives. Further
information about Alpha's Diversity & Inclusion programme, including
Alpha’s Disability Confident accreditation, is provided in both the
Looking After Our People and the Sustainable Business sections
of the Annual Report and in the Group's Sustainability Report.

Ken Fry

Chair of the Nomination Committee
20 June 2024

alphafme.com


===== page 81 =====
78 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate Governance

ESG Committee report

Membership

Jill May (Chair)
Ken Fry

Maeve Byrne
Penny Judd

Key actions from FY 24
— Agreed the ESG Roadmap and priorities for FY 24,

— Reviewed and approved the Group's first
Sustainability Report.

— Approved the Group's first TCFD report.

— Introduced ESG training at Board level.

Priorities for FY 25

— Refine the path to net zero and targets to achieve this.
— Monitor progress against diversity ambitions.

— Monitoring and ensuring compliance with ail relevant
regulations, including TCFD, and assessing alignment with

best practice for a company of Alpha’s size and sector.

The ESG Committee is responsible
for overseeing the development and
implementation of the Group’s ESG
strategy and reviewing the Group’s
performance against this strategy.

On behalf of the Board, | am delighted to present the Group's
first ESG Committee report for the year ended 31 March 2024.
The ESG Committee was established in 2023 and held its first
meeting in April 2023.

During the last 12 months, the Group undertook a materiality
assessment to inform and shape its ESG roadmap. A number

of key milestones on the roadmap have already been achieved,
including agreeing the Group's first public gender diversity target
and the publication of our first TCFD report (see pp 48-51).

Committee composition and governance

The ESG Committee is composed wholly of independent
Non-Executive Directors. | chair the Committee, and its
other members are Ken Fry, Penny Judd and Maeve Byrne.

The ESG Committee meets as and when necessary, but at least
twice a year. The Committee met three times during FY 24, with
all Committee members attending each meeting. The Group's
Company Secretary attends every meeting of the Committee.
The Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Executive Officer attend
meetings at the request of the Committee Chair. Both Executive
Directors attended each meeting held in FY 24. The Group's Head
of Risk and the Group's Managing Director are aiso invited to
attend these meetings.

alphatme.com

Jill May
Chair of the
ESG Committee

Key responsibilities
The Committee's purpose is to oversee the development of the

Group's ESG strategy and review the Group's performance
against this strategy.

The key responsibilities of the Committee include the following:

— Oversee the development and implementation of the Group's
ESG strategy, including priorities, objectives and strategic goals;

— Identify and use relevant KPIs and targets to monitor the
progress of the Group in its ESG strategy;

— Oversee the establishment of, and review regularly, relevant
ESG-related policies and codes of practice to ensure they
remain effective, compliant with regulatory requirements,
including applicable principles of corporate governance and
consistent with industry practice;

— Consider ESG risks in connection with the Group's operations;

— Review current and emerging ESG trends to identify how these
“are likely to impact the strategy, operations and reputation of
the Group and ensure the Group's ESG strategy and policies
remain appropriate and well positioned; and

— Review the quality and integrity of external reporting of ESG
matters and performance, including the Sustainability Report
and relevant sections of the Annual Report.


===== page 82 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 79

Activities during the year

Key activities undertaken by the ESG Committee during the year
included the following:

— Agreed the ESG priorities for the Group, following a rigorous
materiality assessment process;

— Reviewed and approved the Group's ESG strategy and roadmap;

— Reviewed and approved the Group's inaugural
Sustainability Report;

— Approved the Group's first diversity target: that 25% of the
senior director level employees will be women or nonbinary
in five years’ time;

— Reviewed the results of the Group's first publicly disclosed UK
Gender Pay Gap report;

— Reviewed and approved the Group's first TCFD report;

— Considered appropriate ESG-related objectives for the
purposes of variable remuneration policy;

— Introduced online ESG training for all Board members; and

— Considered appropriate action to support the Group's path
to net zero and adherence to the UN Global Compact.

Priorities for the year ahead

During FY 25, the ESG Committee will continue to provide
independent Board-level oversight of the development and
delivery of the Group's strategic ESG framework and ambitions.
There are also some priorities that the Committee will devote
specific attention to, as follows:

Carbon reduction strategy:

Much groundwork has already been undertaken in relation to
the Group's commitment to achieve net zero by 2050. In FY 25,
the Group will agree the baseline from which to measure carbon
emissions and publish its net zero ambition and roadmap to
achieve carbon neutrality - considering new Scope 3 emissions
categories and further enhancing data collection and analysis.
The Committee looks forward to sharing this next phase of its
carbon reduction strategy.

TCFD reporting:

The Committee will consider the recommendations of the Group
Responsible Business team in relation to the Group's FY 25 TCFD
report and ensure that future iterations of this report remain in line
with best practice for a company of Alpha’s size and sector.

Progress against diversity targets and ambitions:

The Responsible Business team will regularly update the
Committee on the Group's progress against its agreed upon
diversity ambitions globally. In particular, the Committee will
closely review progress against the Group's publicly stated
gender diversity target, as described above, The Group is
committed to providing transparent reporting on its progress
and any need for additional actions.

Improvements to policies and transparency:

The Committee will provide oversight and support in relation

to the further enhancement of the Group's ESG policies and
disclosures in the coming months, including how key information
is made available to stakeholders, including employees, clients
and investors.

As Chair of the ESG Committee, | am very much looking forward
to working with the wider Alpha business to drive forward the
Group's ESG priorities and commitments in FY 25 and to be able
to share future updates on this progress with our various stakeholders.

Jill May

Chair of the ESG Committee
20 June 2024

alphatme.com

°
gS
3
3
3
a
ro)
2
g
3
Fe
3
3
8



===== page 83 =====
80 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate Governance

Audit and Risk Committee report

Membership

Maeve Byrne (Chair)
Ken Fry

Penny Judd

Jill May

Key actions from FY 24

— Reviewed, updated and signed off the Group's risk policy
and risk management framework.

— Reviewed and updated the Group's whistleblowing policy.
— Engaged an internal audit firm and agreed to their initial scope.
Priorities for FY 25

— Oversee the new internal audit process.

— Plan for the FY 25 audit, including the rotation of the
external audit partner.

— Ensure that risk management arrangements are updated
in response to any new or emerging risks or changes to
the Group's principal risks.

The Audit and Risk Committee
provides independent oversight of
the Group's financial statements and
performance reporting, and of the
Group's systems of internal financial
control and risk management.

On behalf of the Board, | am pleased to present the Audit and
Risk Committee report for the year ended 31 March 2024.

Committee compo: mn and governance

The Audit and Risk Committee is composed wholly of independent
Non-Executive Directors. | chair the Committee and its other
members are Ken Fry, Penny Judd and Jill May. Information on
the Committee members’ skills and experience is provided in the
Board of Directors section on pp 66-67.

The Audit and Risk Committee meets as and when necessary,
but at least three times a year. The Committee met three times
during FY 24, with all members attending every meeting.

The Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Executive Officer attend
meetings at the request of the Committee Chair to faclitate discussion
of the financial statements and systems of financial control and

risk management. Both Directors joined each meeting held in FY 24,

alphatme.com

Maeve Byrne
Chair of the
Audit and Risk
Committee

The Group's Company Secretary attends every Committee
meeting, as do the lead audit partner and team members from
the Group's external auditor, KPMG LLP. Members of the Group's
Risk team and senior management are also invited to attend
‘Committee meetings as appropriate.

At least once a year, the Committee meets with the auditor
without the presence of any Executive Director to discuss
independently the auditor's remit and any other issues arising
from the audit; they met in this manner once during the year.

Key responsibilities

The purpose of the Audit and Risk Committee is to oversee the
Group's internal financial controls and risk management systems,
to recommend the interim and full-year financial results to the
Board, and to monitor the integrity of all formal reports and
announcements relating to the Company's financial performance.
In addition, the Committee is responsible for appointing the
external auditor of the Group, maintaining that relationship and
reporting the findings and recommendations of the external
auditor to the Board.

The Committee's main duties are set out in its terms of reference,
which are reviewed annually and available on the Company's
investor website (alphafmc.com/investors/board-committees).

The Committee's key responsibilities include the following:

— Monitoring the integrity of the Group's financial statements,
including the full-year and interim reports, other significant
announcements relating to financial performance, and
reviewing any significant reporting issues and judgements;

— Advising on the clarity of disclosure and information contained
in the financial reports;

— Reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of the systems
of internal control and the risk management framework;


===== page 84 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 81

— Reviewing the Group's arrangements and procedures relating
to compliance, whistleblowing and fraud;

— Overseeing the relationship with the external auditor, reviewing
performance and advising the Board members on the auditor's
appointment and remuneration;

— Reviewing and discussing the findings of the audit with the
external auditor; and

— Oversight of the internal audit process.

Activities during the year
Review of financial statements:

During FY 24, the Committee reviewed and approved the Group's
FY 23 Annual Report & Accounts and FY 24 interim results
including consideration of the significant accounting issues
relating to the financial statements and the going concern review.

Financial controls and risk management:

In its responsibility to assure the Group's financial control and risk
management environment, the Committee continued its focus on
tisk and financial controls, monitoring progress against the plan to
implement refinements to systems and processes, to improve the
financial control environment further and to enhance team operations.
‘Status reports were reviewed and discussed at the Committee’s
meetings in November 2023 and February 2024.

On behalf of the Board, the Committee oversees and assures

the Group's risk processes and risk reporting across all business
units. Alongside the external audit process, there is an ongoing
focus on identifying, assessing, and managing the risks the Group
faces across a broad range of relevant topics, including industry,
operational, financial, social and environmental risks. As part of
the annual risk review agenda, a focused risk session took place
at the Committee's meeting in February 2024, and the Group
Managing Director and the Global Head of Risk were invited to
attend the meeting. The Committee reviewed and discussed
updates to the risk policy, the risk management framework and
the risk report, which includes key risks identified across the Group.

The principal risks to the Group and the identified mitigating °
actions are set out in the Principal Risks and Uncertainties section
of the Strategic Report on pp 57-60.

Scope and delivery of external audit:

The Committee reviewed the year-end audit plan and considered
the scope of the audit and the external auditor's fees. It has also
considered the tenure of the external auditor and the rotation of
the audit partner at the end of FY 24 (see p. 82 for further details).

Whistleblowing policy:

During the year, the Committee reviewed the Group's whistleblowing
policy and processes. The Committee was comfortable that the
existing arrangements were satisfactory, but recommended certain
enhancements to reflect current best practice, and these were
implemented as part of the annual policy review process. The
updates included expanded guidance for employees on what
whistleblowing is and the engagement of a specialist third party
to provide an independent whistleblowing reporting helpline.
Subsequent to the year end, the Group has also implemented a
new training module for all employees covering the whistleblowing
process. Further details of this policy can be found below.

Internal audit:

The Committee considered the need for an internal audit function
during the year. While there is no current requirement for the
Group to establish a separate internal audit function, the Committee,
and the Board as a whole, concluded that the Group is now of a
‘size and complexity that would benefit from introducing a proportionate
internal audit process. Following consideration of a number of
potential solutions and third-party providers during the year, the
Committee agreed to appoint Grant Thornton in this capacity to
supplement the Group's existing internal control arrangements
and external audit process.

The initial phase of the internal audit programme consisted of a
review of the Group's risk management practices and processes
to provide assurance of the risk management framework in
identifying, assessing, and managing risks. This programme is
currently in the early stages of implementation and the findings of
this initial review are being used to inform subsequent areas of focus.

Terms of reference:

The Committee also reviewed and updated its terms of reference,
which were approved by the Board.

alphafme.com

°
g
3
3°
FY
s
[99
3
2
g
3
a
3
2
o



===== page 85 =====
82 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate Governance
Audit and Risk Committee report continued

External auditor appointment and tenure

The Committee oversees the relationship with the external auditor
and monitors all services provided and fees payable to ensure
that potential conflicts of interest are considered and that an
objective and professional relationship is maintained. In particular,
the Committee reviews and monitors the independence and
objectivity of the external auditor and the effectiveness of the
audit process.

KPMG LLP was first appointed as the Group's external auditor in
2015. The current lead partner was appointed following completion
of the FY 19 audit and, in line with KPMG's policy on lead partner
rotation, will complete his five-year term at the end of FY 24. The
proposed new audit partner has met with senior members of the
Group's Finance team and will be introduced to the Committee
during the first half of FY 25.

While there is no obligation for an AIM-quoted company to tender
external audit services periodically, in line with generally accepted
good practice, the Committee has considered the length of tenure
of KPMG as external auditor, in the context of the forthcoming
partner rotation. The Committee has determined that the appointment
of a new partner in FY 25 will further add to the objectivity and

. independence of the audit process and that a tender would,
therefore, not be undertaken at this point in time. However, given
the duration of KPMG's tenure, this matter will be kept under
review by the Committee on a regular basis.

KPMG LLP did not provide any non-audit services during the
year. Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements analyses
the remuneration to the external auditor for audit services during
the year.

The Committee seeks feedback from the Chief Financial Officer
and senior members of the Finance team on the effectiveness of
the external auditor and the audit process. The Committee continues
to be satisfied with the scope of the external auditor's work and

Area of focus

i Revenue is the most significant caption in the statement of
| comprehensive income and, by its nature, revenue recognition is
a key accounting policy. Whilst the majority of Group revenue is
contracted on a time and materials basis, the Group also has

some fixed-priced milestone contracts. The recognition of

consideration of the detailed contractual terms against the
requirements of IFRS 15 and an assessment of whether

revenue on such contracts in progress at the year end involves |

at the balance sheet date.

performance obligations under the contract have been met

the effectiveness of the external audit process, and is satisfied
that KPMG remains independent in the discharge of its audit
responsibilities. The Committee is, therefore, pleased to recommend
to the Board that a resolution to re-appoint KPMG LLP as the
Company's auditor be proposed at the forthcoming AGM (if held).

Audit process

The external auditor prepares an audit plan for its review of the
full-year financial statements, and the audit plan is reviewed and
agreed in advance by the Committee. Before the approval of the
financial statements, the external auditor presents its findings to
the Committee, highlighting areas of significant financial judgement
or estimation for discussion. The Committee also reviews the
external auditor's management letter and detailed presentations
are made to the Committee by the auditor at least twice a year.
There is an active discussion between the Committee and the
auditor on any recommendations to improve the efficiency of
the audit process.

Significant accounting matters

In the year, the Audit and Risk Committee considered key
accounting issues and significant judgements and estimates in
relation to the Group's FY 24 financial statements. These matters
were discussed and reviewed with the Finance team and the
external auditor. The Audit and Risk Committee challenged
judgements and sought clarification where necessary.

The Committee received a report from the external auditor on the
work it had performed to arrive at its conclusions and discussed
any material findings contained within that report. The information
in the table below should be considered together with KPMG's
independent auditor's report on pp 99-105 and the accounting
Policies disclosed in the notes to the financiat statements as
referenced in the table.

How it was addressed

Detailed revenue year-end cut-off procedures have been
performed internally, including a detailed review of relevant
contractual client terms.

The Committee has discussed the design and application of the
revenue cut-off procedures performed, and considered and
agreed the appropriateness of the disclosures in respect of
revenue recognition in the financial statements.

alphatme.com


===== page 86 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 = 83

Area of focus

How it was addressed

Alternative performance measures

To assist in understanding the underlying performance of the
Group and to aid comparability between accounting periods,
some alternative performance measures ("APMs") are presented,
which differ from measures presented in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS"). These
APMs exclude certain adjusting items. Judgement is required to
identify those adjusting items deemed to warrant exclusion from
the calculation of the Group's adjusted measures due to either
their nature or size.

Share-based payments

Estimation is required to calculate the share-based payment
expense under IFRS 2 and the associated social security costs.
These estimates include assessing the fair value of share options
at the date of grant, the probability that share options will vest in
the future and the future share price at the vesting date.

The Committee has considered the appropriateness of each of
the adjusting items, ensuring that sufficient explanations are
provided and that each APM is reconciled to the nearest

IFRS measure.

The Committee has reviewed the balance of APMs and IFRS
measures presented in the Annual Report and Accounts and
considered whether APMs have been appropriately balanced
with IFRS measures.

°
8
3
8
3
3
2
8
g
8
3
FA
g
3
8

External professional experts assisted in calculating the fair
value of share options at each grant date.

The probability that share options will vest is assessed at each
reporting date by considering forecast staff attrition, time until
vesting and achievement of performance conditions. These key
assumptions have been discussed with the Committee.

Share dealing, anti-bribery and whistleblowing

The Group has adopted a share dealing code in conformity with
the requirements of Rule 21 of the AIM Rules. All employees,
including new joiners, must agree to comply with the code.

The Group has in place a whistleblowing policy, the purpose
of which is to encourage employees to report any suspected
wrongdoing as soon as possible; to provide employees with
guidance as to how to raise those concerns; and to reassure
employees that they can raise genuine concerns without fear
of reprisals, even if they turn out to be mistaken. The Group
has appointed whistleblowing officers, and the Non-Executive
Chairman is provided as a point of escalation. An independent
whistleblowing hotline is also in place to provide an alternative
means of escalation for any employees wishing to raise
concerns via a third party. In the event of a whistleblowing
event, the Board will also be informed and kept up to date

on all developments as appropriate.

The Group also has an anti-corruption and bribery policy, which
sets out the Group's responsibilities in observing and upholding
its position on bribery and corruption. It provides information
and guidance on how to recognise and deal with bribery and
corruption issues.

These policies are provided to every employee of the Group,
principally through the Employee Handbook and also within a
Group Corporate Compliance Manual, which is available on the
website. The Audit and Risk Committee reviews these policies on
a regular basis to ensure that they remain fit for purpose.

The Group operates an open and inclusive culture and employees
are encouraged to speak up if they have any concerns. Such
policies aim to ensure that all employees observe ethical
behaviours and bring matters that cause them concern to the
attention of either the Executive or Non-Executive Directors.

Maeve Byrne

Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee
20 June 2024

alphafme.com


===== page 87 =====
84 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate Governance

Remuneration Committee report

Membership
Penny Judd (Chair)
Maeve Byrne

Ken Fry

Jill May

Key actions from FY 24
— Determined FY 24 remuneration outcomes for Executive
Directors and senior management.

— Monitored performance against FY 24 variable reward
performance conditions.

— Undertook a full review of the Executive Director and
senior management remuneration.

— Shaped a new Remuneration Policy and FY 25,
remuneration arrangements.

— Undertook a shareholder consultation on the new
Remuneration Policy.

Priorities for FY 25

— Oversee the application of the new Remuneration Policy
from 1 April 2024.

— Introduce an advisory shareholder vote on remuneration
at the 2025 AGM (ifheld) in respect of the FY 24
Remuneration Report.

— Determine FY 25 remuneration outcomes.

— Shape FY 26 remuneration packages, to support the
strategic priorities of the Group and reduce share dilution
levels over time. .

The Remuneration Committee makes
recommendations on matters relating
to performance, remuneration and
terms of service for the Board and
senior management of the Group.

As the Chair of the Remuneration Committee, and on behalf of
the Board, | am pleased to present the Remuneration Committee
report for the year ended 31 March 2024.

Over the past 12 months the Remuneration Committee has
undertaken a comprehensive review of the Group's remuneration
arrangements for the Executive Directors and its senior management
team. This culminated in the implementation of a new Remuneration
Policy that will take effect from 1 April 2024, which is for the
Executive Directors and the senior leadership team, more closely
aligned to current market standards for large AIM-quoted companies.

alphatme.com

Penny Judd
Chair of the
Remuneration
Committee

Therefore, my Committee Report, the Policy section and the
Annuai Report on Remuneration not only detail executive
remuneration outcomes for FY 24, but also describes our

new Remuneration Policy and remuneration strategy for FY 25,
and the shareholder consultation process that we undertook
prior to their implementation.

1am also pleased to confirm that in this year's Remuneration
Committee report we have further enhanced our disclosures
to provide additional detail and transparency on the Group's
remuneration arrangements, both in relation to FY 24 and FY 25,
in line with evolving best practice for a Group of Alpha’s size.

As a further important enhancement to the Group's remuneration
governance framework, we intend to introduce an advisory shareholder
vote on Executive Director remuneration at our 2025 AGM (if held)
relating to remuneration arrangements for the year commencing

1 April 2024, in accordance with the new recommendations of the
2023 QCA Corporate Governance Code ("2023 QCA Code").

As noted elsewhere in this report, on 20 June 2024, the Board
announced an Offer to acquire Alpha. If this Offer is completed,
certain matters referred to in this Remuneration Committee report
as occurring during FY 25 and beyond will not occur as they are
matters which would only be relevant to the Group as a quoted
public company. Therefore, the resolutions described in this
Remuneration Committee report proposed to be put to
shareholders at the 2024 and 2025 AGMs, may not occur.

Committee composition and governance

The Committee is composed wholly of independent Non-Executive
Directors. My fellow Committee members are Ken Fry, Jill May
and Maeve Byrne. All members served throughout the year.

The Committee meets as and when necessary, but at least twice
a year. The Committee met five times during FY 24. Each of these
meetings were attended by all members of the Committee.

The Group's Company Secretary attends each meeting and the
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer are invited to
attend meetings as appropriate. The Committee has unrestricted
access to the Company Secretary throughout the year and has
received advice from a specialist remuneration adviser as set out
onp. 93.


===== page 88 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 85

Key responsibilities

The main duties of the Committee are set out in its terms of
reference, which are reviewed annually and are available on
Alpha’s investor website (alphafme.com/investors/board-committees).

The Committee formulates and recommends to the Board the
remuneration policies for the Executive Directors and senior
management of the Group, having regard to pay and employment
conditions across the Group. The objectives of these policies are to:

— Attract, retain and motivate employees of the quality required
to run the Group successfully;

— Promote the long-term success of the Group; and

— Ensure that the performance-related elements of remuneration
form a significant yet appropriate proportion of the total
remuneration package and are transparent, stretching and
rigorously applied.

The Committee determines the total remuneration package of
the Executive Directors and the Group's senior management.
The Board as whole sets the remuneration for the Non-Executive
Directors, including the Chair.

The Committee reviews and approves the structure of all
performance-related pay schemes (both annual and longer-term
schemes) for the Executive Directors and the Group's senior
leadership team, including setting the associated targets and
performance conditions. It monitors performance against those
conditions and approves the vesting and payment outcomes.

A key priority of the Committee is to transition towards
arrangements that shift the balance of remuneration towards cash
annual variable pay. Currently, this type of pay makes up a small
portion of overall remuneration. The aim is to reduce the reliance
‘on share incentives, to bring share dilution from employee share
awards more into line with conventional UK-quoted company
dilution limit guidelines.

Note 22 to the financial statements sets out further details of the
Group's share-based payment schemes of the Group.

Company performance in FY 24

FY 24 was a challenging year for the Group with a more competitive
market environment, resulting in lower profits than were initially
anticipated. in determining FY 24 remuneration outcomes for the
Executive Directors, the Remuneration Committee has taken into
consideration the overall performance of the Group for FY 24
and shareholder returns. Overall levels of remuneration for the
Executive Directors for FY 24 were therefore significantly lower
than FY 23, with no annual cash bonus payments having been
awarded and no vesting of FY 24 equity awards.

* For other employees within the Group, the Committee decided
to enable partial vestings, in recognition that some of the FY 24
performance conditions have been met, and to incentivise and
retain a high quality team to deliver the Group's stated growth
plans for FY 25 and beyond.

Activities of the Committee during FY 24

— Reviewed the Remuneration Committee report in the FY 23
Annual Report and Accounts.

— Recommended to the Board the purchase of shares by the
Company's employee benefit trust to satisfy future exercises
of equity incentive awards,

— Approved FY 23 profit share outcomes for Executive Directors
and senior management.

— Approved the grant of share incentive awards in July 2023
and the associated performance criteria for Executive
Directors and senior management of the Group for FY 24.

— Approved the vesting of equity incentive awards granted to
Executive Directors and senior management in prior periods,
having assessed the associated performance conditions.

— Approved updates to the rules of the Group’s share
incentive schemes.

— Undertook an annual review and approval of the terms of
reference for the Remuneration Committee.

— Reviewed the new principles on remuneration in the 2023 QCA
Code and considering how these would be applied by the Group.

— Appointed an external specialist remuneration consultant,
h2glenfern Remuneration Advisory, to undertake a full review
of existing variable remuneration arrangements, and to assist
in shaping a draft new Remuneration Policy for FY 25, more
closely aligned to market standards and typical dilution levels.

— Undertook a consultation with shareholders in relation to the
new Remuneration Policy and FY 25 remuneration arrangements
for Executive Directors and senior management.

alphafme.com

°
g
3
3
FS
cs
2
2
3
3
Fy
3
a
Cy



===== page 89 =====
86 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate Governance
Remuneration Committee report continued

Activities of the Committee during FY 24
continued

In addition, there were a number of activities undertaken between
31 March 2024 and the date of this report, including:

— Determined FY 24 remuneration outcomes for the Executive
Directors and senior management in view of FY 24 business
performance, including share incentive award vestings and
bonus awards;

— Set FY 25 salary levels and variable remuneration for the Executive
Directors and senior management, including the associated
financial and non-financial performance conditions; and

— Completed the consultation with major shareholders in
relation to the FY 25 Remuneration Policy and arrangements.

Remuneration Policy for FY 24

The key elements of remuneration of the Executive Directors
and senior management of the Group in respect of FY 24
were unchanged from those set out on pp 73-77 of the FY 23
Remuneration Committee report within the Annual Report and
Accounts 2023. This comprised base salary, country specific
pension and benefits, an annual bonus opportunity and share
incentive awards. FY 24 remuneration outcomes for the
Executive Directors are set out on pp 91-93 of this report.

New Remuneration Policy for FY 25 and
shareholder consultation process

During FY 24, the Remuneration Committee, with guidance from
an external remuneration consultant, h2glenfern Remuneration
Advisory, and with support from the Company Secretary, conducted
a review of the Group's existing Remuneration Policy, and shaped
anew Remuneration Policy to take effect from 1 April 2024 for the
Executive Directors and senior management of the Group.

The objectives of the updates to the Remuneration Policy for
FY 25 are:

— To ensure Executive Director remuneration is aligned to strong
Group performance, the delivery of the Group's strategic
objectives and to shareholder interests; and

— To bring Executive Director remuneration arrangements more
closely into line with UK best practice guidelines, reflecting the
Group's size, profile and status as a large AIM company.

Akey element of these changes is to support the future rebalancing
of variable remuneration towards cash and away from share
incentives, to bring share dilution from employee share awards
more into line with conventional UK-quoted company dilution limit
guidelines over a transition period.

importantly, there is no intention to increase the overall remuneration
‘opportunity at on-target levels of performance for the Executive
Directors in FY 25, but instead to restructure remuneration
arrangements in line with best practice and sharpen the alignment
of remuneration to Group performance. The Remuneration Committee
will ensure that performance conditions are appropriately stretching
to ensure higher levels of remuneration are earned only for excellent
performance. New features of the FY 25 arrangements include:

alphatme.com

— Abonus deferral mechanism, in conjunction with an increased
maximum cash bonus opportunity;

— The introduction of an additional two-year post-vesting holding
period for long-term equity incentives;

— The introduction of 25% threshold vesting levels for both the
bonus and long-term equity incentives;

— Ashareholding guideline for Executive Directors; and

— The introduction of market standard malus and
clawback arrangements.

At our 2024 AGM (if held), resolutions to approve amendments
to our existing equity incentive plans and to approve a bonus
deferral plan will be put to shareholders for approval.

Shareholder consultation process

The Committee undertook a formal consultation with the Group's
major institutional shareholders covering 56% of the share register
as at 31 March 2024, to seek their views on this proposed new
Remuneration Policy. Of the 12 institutional investors that were
contacted, we received 11 responses, the large majority of which
expressed support. The Committee answered questions and
addressed points from investors, including attending a meeting
requested by one shareholder.

| would like to thank those investors that took the time and effort
to engage with us during this process. While some differing
preferences among investors is inevitable, we believe that the
resulting new Remuneration Policy is aligned to the views of the
large majority of our major investors and generally accepted good
practice for large AIM-quoted companies.

Introduction of shareholder vote on remuneration

As mentioned above, in accordance with the recommendations of
the 2023 QCA Code, we intend to introduce an advisory shareholder
vote on our Executive Director remuneration arrangements at the
2025 AGM (if held). We recognise that active engagement on
remuneration-related matters is becoming increasingly important
to our investors, and we positively support this.

Looking ahead

We look forward to overseeing the operation of the Group's

new Remuneration Policy throughout FY 25 and to providing
shareholders with the opportunity to vote on these remuneration
arrangements for the first time at our 2025 AGM (if held).

The Committee is conscious that the maximum annual bonus
opportunity for the Executive Directors in FY 25, as detailed
below, remains significantly below comparative levels of
competitor companies. Subject to performance and strategic
delivery, the Committee will review this parameter towards the
end of FY 25 and consider increasing the maximum annual bonus
opportunity for the CEO and CFO to 150% of salary and 125% of
salary, respectively, for FY 26. This will continue to be coupled
with threshold targets corresponding to a pay out at 25% of
maximum and stretch targets in line with market standards, to
ensure that there is no significant increase in remuneration for
equivalent on-target performance. In FY 25, the weightings of
performance conditions attached to share incentive awards will
be 75:25 between EPS and relative TSR targets. The Committee
will keep these weightings under review and may consider moving
this to a 50:50 balance between EPS and relative TSR targets
from FY 26.


===== page 90 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 87

Remuneration Policy effective from 1 April 2024

The new Remuneration Policy is detailed in the table below, which describes how each component of remuneration is linked to the
Group's strategy and is operated in practice:

Executive Directors’ Remuneration Policy Table (effective from 1 April 2024)

Componer Maximum opportunity Performance measures °
Basic salary {To pay acompelitive Base salary is reviewed annually and N/A None, although overall g
basic salary to attract, takes account of the responsibilities, performance of the individual 3
retain and motivate experience and performance of the and the Company will be ig
the talent required to _individual and competitive pressures. taken into consideration by 2
operate and develop _It is reviewed each year with any the Committee when setting 3
‘the business and to changes effective from 1 April. and reviewing salary levels. 3
develop and deliver 3
the Group's strategy. po:
Pension Part of acompetitive All Executive Directors are eligible to. N/A N/A N
Executive Director Participate in the Group's Personal
remuneration Pension Scheme on the same terms
package, to provide —_as other employees in the same
an opportunity to employment countries.
build up income
for retirement.
Benefits To provide market: Benefits include country-specific N/A N/A
competitive benefits. contributions, which may include
private medical expenses cover, life
insurance cover, maternity/paternity
pay and other ancillary benefits.
Annual cash The purpose of the The Committee assesses actual Maximum Performance measures
bonus scheme | annual cash bonus performance compared to the opportunity under and targets are set by the
scheme is to performance targets following the this policy is up to Committee on an annual
incentivise and completion of the financial year and 150% of salary for basis to reflect the Group's
reward short term determines the bonus payable to CEO and 125% of ‘strategic priorities.
performance, and to —_ each individual. salary for CFO,

For FY 25, 70% of the
opportunity will be based on
key financial measures and
30% of the opportunity will

align the interests of
the Executive

Directors, the Group
and shareholders in

Up to 25% of the maximum
Payable in respect of a financial
measure will be paid for threshold

For FY 25, the
maximum bonus
opportunities will be

the short- and performance. Up to 50% of the 90% of salary forthe be based on non-financial
medium-term. maximum payable in respect of a CEO and 60% of measures, some of which will
. financial measure will be paid for salary forthe CFO. _ include ESG-related objectives.
on-target performance, increasing See p. 94 for q
to 100% for stretch performance. _ further details. Vesting in respect of any

non-financial measure will

Bonus payments are subject to
malus and clawback provisions
{see p. 88 for further details).

25% of bonus payments will be

be between 0% and 100%
based on the Committee’s
assessment of the extent to
which the relevant measure
is achieved.

deferred for a period of two years
and payable in shares. The deferral
will be waived if the amount to be

Vesting in respect of any
non-financial measure will

deferred is less than £25,000.

ordinarily be subject to the
satisfaction of a financial
performance underpin.

alphafme.com


===== page 91 =====
88 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate Governance
Remuneration Committee report continued

Remuneration Policy effective from 1 April 2024 continued

Componen to strategy Maximum opportunity jormance measures

Long-term To incentivise and Awards will be granted subject to Maximum of 150% of The Committee may vary

equity reward long-term. demanding performance conditions _ salary for CEO and the type and weighting of
incentive performance and covering a minimum period of 125% of salary for performance conditions
awards value creation, and three years. CFO in usual chosen for each annual
° aon the interests ‘A maximum of 25% of the awards circumstances. round of awards. ;

vest at threshold level of performance, In exceptional Performance metrics will

Directors, the Group
and shareholders in
the long-term and to

with vesting typically increasing on a
straight-line basis to full vesting for

be based on at least two
financial measures (likely to

circumstances (such
as on the recruitment

their appointment.

promote retention. meeting or exceeding a stretching of anew Executive be EPS growth and relative

level of outperformance. Director) awards in TSR performance against
‘Awards are subject to an additional binlakl ay be a benchmark).
vostng. awards may be exercised ranted at he level of
at the end of the three-year vesting up to 300% of salary.
period, but shares may only be sold
during the holding period to cover
tax liabilities arising from the exercise.
‘Awards are subject to malus and
clawback provisions (see below for
further details).

Shareholding | Encourages Executive The Chief Executive Officer is N/A N/A

guidelines Directors to build a expected to maintain a shareholding
meaningful equivalent to 200% of base salary
shareholding to throughout employment.
further align interests on.
with shareholders. Other Executive Directors are also

expected to build up and maintain
a shareholding of 200% of salary
‘over the five-year period from

The shareholding guideline inclides
beneficially owned shares and vested
share options on an after-tax basis.

Notes to the Remuneration Policy
Malus and clawback conditions

Malus and clawback may be applied to bonus and equity
incentive awards in certain specific circumstances including

a material misstatement of the accounts, a material error in
assessing performance conditions, gross misconduct on the
Part of the participant, fraud, material dishonesty, wrongdoing
or breach of contract that is a potentially justifiable reason for
dismissal, breach of fiduciary duties, and misconduct leading
to significant losses or a material failure of risk management.

Annual bonus: Malus may be applied before a bonus is paid.
Clawback may be applied to a cash bonus or deferred bonus
payment after it has been paid for a period of up to two years
after payment.

alphatme.com

Long-term equity incentives: Malus may be applied before the
assessment of performance conditions in relation to an equity
incentive award. Clawback may be applied to an equity incentive
award for up to two years following the assessment of performance
conditions at the vesting date (inclusive of any holding period).

Updates to share plan scheme rules and new Deferred
Bonus Scheme

The majority of changes to the long-term equity incentive
arrangements for FY 25 can be accommodated under the
Group's existing share plan rules. However, updates to the
scheme rules to allow for the new malus and clawback
provisions, together with some other minor administrative
updates, will be made and tabled for shareholder approval at
the 2024 AGM (if held). It is also necessary to introduce a new
Deferred Bonus Plan to accommodate the share deferral elernent
of the Executive Director bonus scheme. The rules of this new
scheme will also be put to shareholders for approval at the 2024
AGM (if held).


===== page 92 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 89

Overriding Remuneration Committee discretion

In respect of the annual bonus and long-term equity incentive
awards, the Remuneration Committee has discretion to vary the
Pay-out or vesting level from formulaic outcomes should any such
outcome not reflect the Committee's assessment of overall

Leaver and change in control provi
The table below sets out the remuneration arrangements for
Executive Directors in specific circumstances, including leaving
the business or a change of control of the Group (with effect from
1 April 2024.

ns

‘business performance or if it considers the formulaic output
inappropriate in the context of the overall shareholder returns or
an exceptional negative event.

Circumstances Treatment

Leavers ~ other than
good leavers

Bonus (other than deferred bonus awards):
Participation will lapse on the date of cessation.
Deferred bonus awards:

Deferred bonus awards will normally lapse in full.

men ards

ng-term equity incentive

Cessation during the performance and/or

vesting periods:

Awards will normally lapse on the date of cessation if
this is before the vesting date.

Cessation during the holding period:

The holding period will normally continue to apply.

Good leavers:
Retirement,
ill-health, disability,
‘death, redundancy,
‘or other reasons at
the Committee’s
discretion

Bonus (other than deferred bonus awards):

The Remuneration Committee will typically assess
performance against targets at the end of the period,
apply time-based pro-rating and make payment in line
with the workings of the plan and subject to the -
normal deferral terms. The Remuneration Committee
may, however, apply discretion to determine the most
appropriate outcome and make earlier payment and
pay entirely in cash.

Deferred bonus awards:

Deferred bonus awards will ordinarily continue and
become payable on the ordinary payment/vesting
date, although the Committee retains discretion to
release any such award on the date of termination,
before the ordinary payment/vesting date in
appropriate circumstances (e.g. death or ill-health).

Cessation during the performance period:

Awards granted in FY 25 onwards will normally
remain in place and vesting levels will be assessed

at their normal assessment date. The vesting level
will be based on achievement of performance targets
and subject to time pro-rating (reduction) based on
the portion of the performance period which has
elapsed at the point of departure with vested awards
‘subject to the normal holding period. The Remuneration
Committee may, however, apply discretion to determine
the most appropriate outcome, including waiving the
holding period.

Cessation during the holding period:

‘The holding périod will normally continue to apply unless
the Remuneration Committee determines otherwise.

[Change in control | Bonus (other than deferred bonus awards):

The Remuneration Committee will exercise its

{ discretion to determine the level of bonus paid taking
into account performance up to the point of the
change in control and normally pro-rating pay-out
levels to reflect the portion of the year which has
elapsed. No deferral will be applied.

Deferred bonus awards:
Outstanding deferred bonus awards will vest in full.

During the performance period:
Outstanding awards granted in FY 25 onwards will
vest on completion of the change in control subject
to the Remuneration Committee's assessment of
performance up to that point and subject to time
pro-rating (reduction), unless the Remuneration
Committee determines otherwise. No holding period
will apply to vested awards.

During the holding period:

The holding period will terminate and vested awards
will be released in full at the point of change in control.

alphafme.com

é

BaueUseA0y ayesodsog



===== page 93 =====
90 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate Governance
Remuneration Committee report continued

Notes to the Remuneration Policy continued
Directors’ service agreements

The Executive Directors as at the date of this report entered into
service agreements with the Company on the following dates:

Notice period by
Date of service ‘Company and
Director agreement Term by Director
Luc Baqué 29 March 2023 Indefinite 6 months
{effective from
1 April 2023)
John Paton 28 February 2018 —_ Indefinite 6 months

The Non-Executive Directors do not have service agreements.
However, the Non-Executive Directors’ letters of appointment
provide that their tenure of office is for periods of three years,
unless renewed for a further term or until terminated by the
Non-Executive Director or the Company on giving to the other
three months’ prior written notice. Each Non-Executive Director
is typically expected to serve for two three-year terms but may be.
invited by the Board to serve for an additional period.

Regardless of these terms of appointment, each Director offers
themselves for annual re-election by shareholders at every AGM
‘of the Company, in line with best practice.

Notice
period by
‘Company
Date of current term Term and by

Director of appointment expires Director”
Ken Fry 6 September 2023 2026 AGM?” 3 months
Penny Judd 23 September 2021 2024 AGM* = 3 months
Jill May 6 September 2023 2026 AGM 3 months
Maeve Byrne 16 May 2022 2025 AGM 3 months

Policy on recruitment

When hiring a new Executive Director, the Committee will
consider the overall remuneration package by reference to the
Remuneration Policy set out in this report. Salary and annual
bonus levels will be set so as to be competitive with comparable
roles in companies in similar sectors, and also taking into account
the experience, seniority and the scope of responsibility of the
appointee coming into the role.

The approach in respect of compensation for forfeited remuneration
from a previous employer will be considered on a case-by-case
basis taking into account all relevant factors, such as the form of
‘compensation forfeited, performance achieved or likely to be
achieved, and the proportion of the performance period remaining
If any compensation for forfeited remuneration is paid, it may be
awarded outside the standard equity incentive awards and may
be made with non-standard performance conditions, or without
performance conditions and with a shorter vesting period and
without a holding period to reflect the profile of forfeited awards.
Any such arrangements would be disclosed in the following year’s
Annual Report.

New Executive Directors will be able to participate in the annual
bonus scheme on a pro-rated basis for the portion of the financial
year for which they are in post. New Executive Directors may
receive benefits and pension contributions in line with the Company's
existing policy. Long-term equity incentive awards are made on an
ongoing basis in line with our policy for Executive Directors and
other senior management. In the year of recruitment, a higher
award may be made to the new recruit (within the limits of the
Remuneration Policy, being a maximum of 300% of salary). Where
existing employees are promoted to become Executive Directors,
their remuneration will be operated in line with the Company's
policy from the date of promotion with the terms of outstanding
remuneration, such as deferred bonus amounts and outstanding
long-term equity incentive awards, retaining the terms applied at
their point of award. ,

External appointments

Executive Directors may accept one external non-executive
directorship with the prior agreement of the Board, provided it
does not conflict with the Group's interests and the time commitment
does not impact upon the Executive Director's ability to perform
their primary duty. The Executive Director may retain the fee from
the external directorship.

Remuneration Policy for Non-Executive Directors

The policy for Non-Executive Directors is set by the Board and
takes into consideration the need to attract the highest calibre
non-executive Board members, with broad and relevant commercial
experience. Reference is also made to fees in other companies
broadly similar in size with similar time commitments and complexity.

Each Non-Executive Director is paid a basic fee. Additional fees
are payable for acting as Senior Independent Director and as
Chair of the Audit and Risk, Remuneration, Nomination and ESG
Committees. The Non-Executive Directors are not eligible to
Participate in the Company's performance-related incentive plans.
or pension arrangements. Non-Executive Directors may be eligible
to receive benefits such as the use of secretarial support, travel
costs and other benefits that may be considered appropriate.

Non-Executive Director fees are typically reviewed by the Board
every year with any adjustments ordinarily effective from 1 Aprit
each year. Increases typically do not exceed those of the wider
workforce, however, in appropriate circumstances, increases of
a higher amount may be made taking into account individual
circumstances such as an increase in scope or responsibility of
the individual's role, alignment to market levels, or a change in
the size or complexity of the business.

Remuneration of employees below Executive Director level

The principles behind the Remuneration Policy for Executive
Directors are cascaded down through the Group, as far as is
appropriate. They aim to attract and retain the best staff and to
focus their remuneration on the delivery of long-term sustainable
growth by using a mix of salary, benefits, bonus and longer-term
incentives. As a result, no element of the Executive Director
Remuneration Policy is operated exclusively for Executive Directors.

26 I the offer by Aclium Bidco (UK) Limited to acquire Alpha, referred to elsewhere in this report, is completed, itis expected that the Non-Executive Directors will resign shorlly ater its
‘completion. In addition, no further AGMs would be held after completion af the offer if, as expected, the Company is re-registered as a private company following completion.

27 While Ken Fry's term of appointment expires al the 2026 AGM, he will have served as Director for nine years by 2026 and is theretore expected that he will not seek re-election by

shareholders at the 2025 AGM (it held).

28 The Board has approved the appointment of Penny Judd for a further three years from the date of the 2024 AGM (held).

alphafme.com


===== page 94 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 91

The Board believes that this structure provides a compelling
remuneration package that reinforces teamwork, aligns the
employees with the Group's objectives and helps to promote
a feeling of ownership amongst all employees.

All employees of the Group receive a fixed salary that is
competitive to the market and a profit share or cash bonus
scheme, alongside other benefits.

Certain senior employees also receive long-term equity incentive
awards. Performance metrics for annual bonus schemes and
long-term equity incentives for employees below Board level .
typically have a greater focus on regional and/or divisional targets
and personal objectives, with a lesser focus on overall Group
performance, to ensure that these are meaningful and relevant to
the individuals concerned. From FY 25, senior management

incentive arrangements retain an element of Group EPS and TSR
performance measured over three years.

Itis the intention that a gradual rebalancing of remuneration
towards annual cash variable pay and away from share incentives
over a five-year transition period will also be applied to this group,
to support a reduction in share dilution levels over time.

Share award dilution levels

In order to bring dilution from share awards more into line with the
UK market standard, alongside the changes to Executive Director
remuneration, the Group is implementing changes to the remuneration
of other senior executives and employees to rebalance variable
remuneration towards cash from share incentives. To ensure
smooth, fair and effective implementation, the reduction in the
level of share awards will be carried out over five years.

Annual report on remuneration .
FY 24 Executive Directors’ remuneration outcomes

The single-figure table below summarises the remuneration of the Directors who served during the current year:

Gainson}| Gainson
Other) Other vesting of | vesting of
Salary | Salary benefits| benefits equity equity
and and (private| (private incentive | incentive
fees™ fees® Pension j Pension ‘healthcare) healthcare) Bonus") Bonus awards™ awards™) Total Total
£000} + £'000 £000 £000 "000: £000 £000 £'000 £000 £'000 £°000 £'000
FY 24 FY 23 FY 24 FY 23 FY 24) FY 23 FY 24 FY 23 FY 24 FY 23 FY 24 FY 23
Executive
Directors
Luc Baqué 523{ N/A 42] N/A 1 - -| NA 644 NA] 1.210] N/A
John Paton 325} 300]°  — - 1 - - 30] ° 510 366] 836} 696
Non-
Executive
Directors
Maeve Byrne 69 56 - - - - - - - - 69 56
Ken Fry 101 93 - - - - - -{. = - 101! 93
Penny Judd 69 63 - - - - - - - - 69 63
Jill May 69 63 - - - - - - - - 69 63
Total [ stse[s7s| a2f =] 2 -| -[  30[. 1,154 366| 2,354{ 971

29 On 13 September 2022, a fee of £5,000 per annum was introduced for each Non-Executive Director for thelr work chairing @ Board committee; this fee has been pro-rated accordingly for

FY 23, For FY 24 this fee was increased to £5,300 per annum,

30 Luc Baqué was appointed to the Board on 1 April 2023. His remuneration as an employee for FY 23 is not included in this table on the basis that he was not a Director of the Company
during FY 29, Maeve Byrne was appointed on 16 May 2022: her annus fee for FY 23 of £60,000 was pro-rated accordingly. .
‘31 No bonuses were awarded to the Executive Directors in relation to FY 24. For FY 23, the Committee approved the award of Executive Director bonuses for FY 23 at the equivalent of 10%

Of their respective base salaries.

92 154,185 RSUs granted to Luc Baqué on 22 July 2020 vested and were released on 22 June 2023. 126,652 JSOP awards granted io John Paton on 22 July 2020 vested on 22 July 2023
Furth

and remain unexercised. Further details are set out on pp 92-93,

33 88,105 JSOP awards granted to John Paton on 19 July 2019 vested on 19 July 2022, and were subsequently exercised on 24 August 2022. n the FY 23 Annual Report, again of
££388,000 was reported in relation to John Paton's exercise of equily incentive awards on 24 August 2022. From FY 26 onwards, gains on vested (rather than exercised) equity incentive
‘awards are being reported in the single figure table. Therefore, to ensure consistancy, this FY 23 figure has been updated to reflect the gain on the vesting date of 19 July 2022.

alphafme.com

9°
g
3
ey
cs
ct
2
3
2
g
3
3
3
ry
cy



===== page 95 =====
92 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate Governance
Remuneration Committee report continued

Annual report on remuneration continued
Salary, benefits and pension

For FY 24, Luc Baqué’s salary was €600,000 (£523,000) and
John Paton’s salary was £325,000. During the year pension
contributions were received by Luc Baqué of €49,000 (£42,000).
No pension contributions were received by John Paton during
the year,

Annual bonus

In FY 24, both of the Executive Directors were eligible to earn a
performance-related cash bonus of up to 10% of base salary,
with the opportunity for higher bonuses in the event of financial
‘outperformance. Given that FY 24 profits were below targeted
levels, no bonuses were awarded to the Executive Directors in
respect of FY 24.

Share incentive plan

The Committee approved the grant of annual incentive awards to
the senior management team globally, including the Executive
Directors, in July 2023, comprising UK joint share ownership plan
awards (‘JSOP” shares) and MIP share options. Details of the
awards granted to the Executive Directors are set out below.

The performance criteria for FY 24 share incentive awards to the
Executive Directors and senior management of the Group were
four-fold and depended on the individual and their role:

— The Group achieving adjusted EPS growth in FY 24 of 11.25%
or more to trigger a maximum award, or 7.5% to trigger a 66%
award, with a linear application of awards between these levels.

— The Group achieving a TSR over three years in excess of the
mean TSR delivered by a peer group of comparable companies.

— Personal adherence to corporate values and risk policy.

— Personal targets and goals, including business unit EBITDA
for members of senior management.

The performance conditions for share incentive awards to be
granted to the Executive Directors and senior management in

FY 25 and beyond will be more closely aligned to market
standards for an AIM-quoted company of Alpha's size, as
explained on p. 88.

Vesting during FY 24

In June 2023, 154,185 RSU awards granted to Luc Baqué on

22 June 2020 (prior to his appointment to the Board) vested and
were released. The closing price at the award date was £1.85 and
the price on the vest date was £4.18.

In July 2023, 126,652 JSOP awards granted to John Paton on
22 July 2020 vested. The closing price at the award date was
£1.85 and the hurdle rate was £2.11. The closing price on the

date of vest was £4.03. These awards remain unexercised by

John Paton.

The performance conditions relating to these awards, including
EPS growth in FY 21, total shareholder return and financial and
behavioural targets, were met in full

Details of Executive Directors’ share awards held as at 31 March 2024
are set out below:

Luc Baqué
Options/RSUs Options/RSUs

asat Granted Share price Share price Exercised/ Lapsed asat Vesting/

1 April during atgrant atvest/release released during during 31 March release

Grant date 2023 the year (p) (p) the year the year 2024 date

18/06/2019 154,185 - 228 418 (154,185) = —. Vested on

22/06/2023

22/07/2020 253,304 - 185 - - - 253,304 22/07/2024

06/07/2021 205,882 - 353 - - - 205,882  06/07/2024™

01/07/2022 179,487 - 390 - - - 179,487 01/07/2025

04/07/2023% — 201,005 400 - - - 201,005 04/07/2026
Total 792,858 201,005 (154,185) - 839,678

34 Luc Baqué has two awards vesting in July 2024 relating to his previous role and granted under the French Share Plan Rules, in respect of two separate performance periods.
35 Based on the Committee's assessment ofthe performance conditions of these awards, which include one-year EPS performance for FY 24, these awards held by the Executive Directors

will not vest.

alphatme.com


===== page 96 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 93

John Paton .
Options Share price Share price Options
as at Granted during at grant at vest Exercised Lapsed during as at
Grant date 1 April 2023, the year (e) (p) during the year the year_31 March 2024 Vesting date
22/07/2020 126,652 - 185 403 = - 126,652 Vested on
22/07/2023, but
remain unexercised
06/07/2021 83,823 - 353 - = - 83,823 06/07/2024
01/07/2022 76,923 - 390 - - - 76,923 01/07/2025
04/07/2023 - 87,939 400 - - - 87,939 04/07/2026
Total 287,398 87,939 - > 375,337

Payments to past Directors for loss of office
There were no payments for loss of office during the year. Euan Fraser stepped down from the role of Chief Executive Officer and
from the Board on 31 March 2023 and remained employed by the Group as a Strategic Adviser to the Board on a part-time basis
until 9 January 2024, The Remuneration Committee deemed him to be a good leaver and, as such, he retained his outstanding share
awards, which vest at the end of their normal vesting periods and are subject to performance and other conditions.

Non-Executive Directors’ fees

For FY 24, the Chairman of the Board received a fee of £95,400 and the base fee for the three other Non-Executive Directors was set
at £63,600 during the year. The Chair of each committee of the Board received an additional annual fee of £5,300.

Remuneration consultants

The Group engaged haglenfern Remuneration Advisory as its Remuneration Consultant during the year, to conduct a formal review
of the Group's Remuneration Policy for the Executive Directors and the senior management team, and to ‘support the formulation and
implementation of the Group's FY 25 Remuneration Policy. h2glenfern is a member of the UK Remuneration Consultants Group and,
as such, voluntarily adheres to its Code of Conduct. The Committee considers the advice that it receives from h2glenfern to be
independent. There are no relationships between h2glenfern and either the Company or its individual Directors to be disclosed.

Directors’ share interests
The Directors’ interests in the share capital of the Company as at 31 March 2024 and the movements during the year are set out below:

Number of

ordinary
shares as at Number of Percentage
31 March ordinary of total voting
2023 Disposed of Acquired sharesasat rights as at
{or date of during the during the: ‘31 March 31 March
appointment) year year 2024 2024
Luc Baqué 1,068,929 = 154,185 1,223,114 1.00%
John Paton 158,741 - ~- 158,741 0.13%
Maeve Byrne - - - - 0.00%
Ken Fry 184,090 - — 184,090 0.15%
Penny Judd - - - ~ 0.00%
Jill May 12,307 - - 12,307 0.01%

There were no changes in the Directors’ interests in shares between 31 March 2024 and 20 June 2024.

alphafme.com

9
E
3
3
s
3
2
8
2
g
3
a
3
3
8



===== page 97 =====
94 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate Governance
Remuneration Committee report continued

Annual report on remuneration continued
Remuneration arrangements for FY 25

The Remuneration Committee sees FY 25 as a transitional year

in terms of the Group's remuneration strategy, to which the principles
of new Remuneration Policy have been applied, together with
some transitional arrangements to avoid any significant variations
in on-target earnings for equivalent performance from FY 24 to
FY 25. Importantly, there is no intention to increase the overall
remuneration opportunity at on-target levels of performance.
Stretching performance conditions will ensure that significant
out-performance against targets is required for maximum

vesting to occur.

The Committee has set FY 25 remuneration for the Executive
Directors as follows:

Base salaries

Taking into consideration the performance of the Group in FY 24
and the challenging market context, the Remuneration Committee
has agreed that base salaries for the Executive Directors for FY 25
will remain unchanged from FY 24 levels. Luc Baqué’s salary from
1 April 2024 is therefore €600,000 per annum. John Paton’s
salary from 1 April 2024 is therefore £325,000 per annum.

Annual bonus

The FY 25 bonus maximum opportunity for the Chief Executive
Officer, Luc Baqué, and for the Chief Financial Officer, John Paton,
will be set at 90% of salary and 60% of salary, respectively.

70% of the overall opportunities will vest by reference to performance
against financial objectives (split 45% for EBITDA growth and 25%
for net fee income growth). 30% of the opportunities will vest by

reference to personal performance against non-financial objectives.

For 25% of the bonus awards opportunities to vest, threshold
performance aligned to market consensus must be met.
Significant outperformance beyond target levels is required for
100% of the opportunities to vest. Therefore, while the bonus
opportunities have been increased from FY 24 to FY 25, more
stringent thresholds and stretch targets have been applied than in
FY 24. Market standard malus and clawback conditions also apply.

25% of bonuses paid to the Executive Directors will be subject to
a two-year deferral into shares, subject to £25,000 minimum
share deferral.

alphafme.com

Long-term equity incentive awards

The FY 25 equity incentive opportunity for the Chief Executive
Officer, Luc Baqué, will be set at a maximum opportunity at 150%
of salary. The FY 25 equity incentive opportunity for the Chief
Financial Officer, John Paton, will be set at a maximum opportunity
at 125% of salary. These opportunities are set at similar levels to
FY 24, but are subject to more stringent vesting requirements
than in FY 24. Key features of the equity incentive awards in FY 25
are as follows:

— 75% of the opportunity will vest by reference to EPS growth
over three years. Threshold vesting of 25% of the awards will
occur at 5% compound annual growth rate (“CAGR"). Full
vesting at 12% CAGR;

— 25% of the opportunity will vest by reference to relative TSR
growth over three years. Threshold vesting at median and full
vesting at upper quartile performance;

— Three-year vesting period, followed by a two-year holding
period; and

— Market standard malus and claw back conditions.

{tis intended that the full vesting target level will increase to 15%
CAGR for FY 26 awards. 12% CAGR has been applied for FY 25
to provide for a smooth transition to the new structure. The previous
three-year relative TSR target required performance in excess of
the mean of a peer group. As such, significantly higher levels of
overall performance are required under the new structure to
trigger higher levels of vesting.

Chairman and Non-Executive Director fees for FY 25

The Board approved an annual increase of 3.5% in Non-Executive
Director fees for FY 25, taking into account inflation rates and the
Group's annual pay review for UK employees. With effect from

1 April 2024, the Chairman's base fee is £98,700 per annum and
the Non-Executive Directors’ base fees are £65,800 per annum.
Each Non-Executive Director also chairs a Board committee and
receives an additional fee of £5,500 per annum.

Penny Judd
Chair of the Remuneration Committee

20 June 2024


===== page 98 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 95

Directors’ report

The Directors present their Annual Report and the audited consolidated
financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc (the “Company”,
the “Group”) for the year ended 31 March 2024.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting pic is incorporated in England and Wales with registered number 09965297. The Company's
registered office is 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB. The Company is a public limited company and is listed on AIM of the
London Stock Exchange.

The Directors believe that the requisite components of this report are set out elsewhere in the Annual Report and/or on the Company's
website, alphafmc.com/investors. The table sets out where the necessary disclosures can be found.

Business performance

Principal acti Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc is the holding company for a global group of companies, the principal activity of
which is the provision of consulting and related services to clients in the asset management, wealth management and
insurance industries.

A review of the performance and future development of the Group's business is contained in the Chairman's, the Chief
Executive Officer's and the Chief Financial Otficer’s reports on pp 9-11, pp 12-15 and pp 26-30 respectively.

Results The financial results for the year ended 31 March 2024 are set out in the Chief Financial Officer's report on pp 26-30 and in
the consolidated statement of comprehensive income on p. 108 and further commented upon in the Chief Executive
Officer's report on pp 12-15.

The Directors consider the current state of affairs of the Group to be satisfactory.

Dividends An interim dividend of 3.70p per share was paid in December 2023 (FY 23: 3.70p). In view of the recommended cash
offer to acquire Alpha by Actium Bidco (UK) Limited, a newly incorporated indirect subsidiary of certain funds managed
by Bridgepoint Advisors Limited, the Board is not recommending a final dividend. If the acquisition does not complete,
it is expocted that the Board would declare a final dividend in respect of FY 24 at a later date,

Information regarding dividend payments can also be found in note 10 to the consolidated financial statements.

Strategic Report ‘The Strategic Report can be found on pp 4-61.

Activities in research The Company did not engage in any material research and development activities in the year.
and development

Future developments ‘On 20 June 2024, the Board announced a recommended cash offer to acquire Alpha by Actium Bidco (UK) Limited, a newly
incorporated indirect subsiiary of certain funds managed by Bridgepoint Advisers Limited, Further details of this offer can
‘be found on p, 64 and on the Company's website.

Further details about the Company's future developments can be found in the strategy section on pp 22-23.

Post-balance Details of post-balance sheet events are provided in note 27 to the consolidated financial statements. Additionally, the reports
sheet events of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer provide updates on trading alter the balance sheet date.

Going concern
Financial instruments

Directors

Directors Directors that have served during the year and summaries of the current Directors’ key skills and experience are set out in
the Corporate Governance report on pp 66-67.

Directors’ indemnity As permitted by the Articles of Association, the Directors have the benefit of an indemnity, which is a qualifying third-party
provisions indemnity provision as defined by Section 234 of the Companies Act 2006. The indemnity was in force throughout the
financial period and at the date of approval of the financial statements.

Det ct me Orato bene ins eon Rereaion Conn opon onp

Directors’ and Officers’ ‘The Group purchases and maintains Directors’ and Officers’ liability insurance for the benefit of its Directors, which was in
liability insurance place throughout the year and remains in place at the date of this report.

alphafme.com

The Directors have considered the going concern status of the Company and are satisfied that the Company remains
a going concern. Details of the going concem basis are set out in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements,
Further commentary can be found in the Chief Financial Officer's report on p. 30.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc has a branch in France. Additionally, as disclosed on p. §, alter the year-end,
‘Alpha launched a new branch in Abu Dhabi, which is to be overseen by and will initially form part of the UK business,

‘The notes to the financial statements, including note 23 from p. 142, include further information on the Group's use of
financial instruments.

9°
g
3
g
%
3s
2
9
<
g
3
>
3
5
®



===== page 99 =====
96 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate Governance
Directors’ report continued

Constitution

ROR CAR TRORRRTRNEEE Any amendments to the Company's Articles of Association may be made by speciat resolution of the shareholders. A copy
of the Articles of Association can be found on the Company's website: alphatme.corrvinvestors/aim-rule-26.

The Company has only one class of ordinary share, which carries no right to fixed income, and each ordinary share is
entitled to one vote at general meetings of the Company.

Stakeholders and policies

Section 172 Statement ‘The Company's section 172 statement and key Board decisions can be found in the Strategic Report on pp 31-35.

OEE EERIE ctzis of how the Group engages with Aipha employees are set out in the section 172 statement in the Strategic Report on
p. 34 and further described in the looking after our people section on pp 38-39.

Employees with Alpha is a Disability Confident Employer. Further details of Alpha's commitment to being an inclusive and disabilty-triendly
disabi organisation are set out under the looking after our people section on pp 36-39.

RETO CCrEr Crate Deiails of the key decisions and discussions of the Board during the year and the main stakeholder inputs into those
and key deci decisions are set out in the section 172 statement of the Strategic Report on pp 32-33,

Modern Slavery The Company has approved and published its Modern Slavery Statement on its website in accordance with the Modern
Statement Slavery Act 2016.

The Company made no political donations during the year to 31 March 2024.

RETEST EENEREEE Under the Companies (Directors’ Report) and Limited Liability Partnerships (Energy and Carbon Report) Regulations 2018,

‘we are mandated to disclose our UK energy use and associated greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions. Specifically, Alpha is,
required to report those GHG emissions relating to natural gas, electricity and transport fuel, as well as an intensity ratio,
under the SECR Regulations. Further details can be found in the sustainable business section on pp 40-47.

Carbon Reporting
("SECR")

Task Force on ‘The Group has this year published its first TCFD report, which details how the Group identifies and monitors climate-related
Climate-related risks and opportunities. This can be found on pp 48-51.

Financial Disclosure

report (“TCFD report")

The Group has established internal contro! and risk management structures for preparing the consolidated financial
staternents. The key features of this framework are described in the risk management section of the Strategic Report

management , i
‘on pp 52-56 and in note 23 to the consolidated financial statements.

Shareholders and share capital

Share capital The Company's issued share capital as at 31 March 2024 was 122,009,736 ordinary shares of 0.075p each ("Ordinary
‘Shares"), none of which were held in treasury and 7,537,366 of which were held in the Company's employee benefit
trust (‘EBT"),

During the year, the EBT purchased a total of 1,035,154 Ordinary Shares in the Company. The shares are held in the

EBT, a discretionary trust, and are intended to be used to satisfy the exercise of share options by employees, including the
Executive Directors of the Company. A total of 7,537,366 Ordinary Shares were held by the EBT on 31 March 2024. These

Ordinary Shares hold voting rights, albeit the EBT does not exercise these voting rights, nor receive dividends in respect of
these shares.

Details of the issued share capital and movements in the Company's issued share capital during the year are shown in the
consolidated statement of changes in equity and note 21 to the consolidated financial statements.

The Company has only one class of Ordinary Share, which carries no right to fixed income, Each Ordinary Share is entitled
to one vote at general meetings of the Company.

FREE TEEEEE The Company was authorised by a shareholders’ resolution passed at the Annual General Meeting held on 6 September 2023

to purchase up to 10% of its issued share capital for cancellation or holding in treasury. This authority wil expire at the 2024
AGM (if held). The Company purchased no shares during the year under this authority. During the year, the EBT purchased a
total of 1,035,184 Ordinary Shares in the Company.

own shares

alphafme.com


===== page 100 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 97

Shareholders and share re capital continued

PCL As at 20 June 2024, the Company had been notified, in accordance with chapter five of'the Disclosure and Transparency
Rules, or was otherwise aware, ofthe folowing significant interests in the issued ordinary share capital of the Company:

'

Percentage of | H

voting rights and } |

Name of person(s) subject issued share | |
of notification capital | {
{Invesco 8.81 | H
| Gresham House Asset \ |
Management Ltd 8.28 | i
abrdn 6.29 | {|
Janus Henderson Investors 573 | |
Rathbones Group pic 4.81 | {
Kempen Oranje Participants NV. 4.64 | |
Investec Wealth & Investment 4.60 | :
| Sweabank Robur 4.03
| NFU Mutual 3.45 | |
j

Details of the Company's 2024 AGM can be found on p. 75 ofthis report. |
a }

Auditor and audit

Disclosure of {In the case of each of the pérsons who are Directors of the Company at the date when this report was approved:

information to — So far as each of the Directors is aware, there is no information relevant to the audit of which the Company's auditor
the auditor is unaware; and

j
i
i
— Each of the Directors have taken ail the steps that they ought to have taken as a Director to make themselves aware of |
any information relevant to the audit and to establish that the Company's auditor is aware of that information. {

if

|

Auditor The auditor, KPMG LLP, has indicated its wilingness to continue in office and a resolution seeking to re-appoint KPMG LLP
as the Group’s auditor will be proposed at the 2024 AGM (if held).

By order of the Board.

leg

G ohn Paton
Chief Financial Officer

20Uune 2024

alphafme.com

°
g

3
g
2
3
2
2
3
3
Fe
3
Fe
8



===== page 101 =====
98 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate Governance

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities

The Directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report and the Group
and parent Company financial statements in accordance with applicable law

and regulations.

Company law requires the Directors to prepare Group and parent
Company financial statements for each financial year. Under the
AIM Rules of the London Stock Exchange, they are required to
prepare the Group financial statements in accordance with
‘UK-adopted international accounting standards and applicable
law and they have elected to prepare the parent Company financial
statements on the same basis.

Under company law the Directors must not approve the financial
statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair
view of the state of affairs of the Group and parent Company and
of the Group's profit or loss for that period. In preparing each of
the Group and parent Company financial statements, the
Directors are required to:

— Select suitable accounting policies and then apply
them consistently;

— Make judgements and estimates that are reasonable, relevant,
and reliable and, in respect of the parent Company financial
‘statements only, prudent;

— State whether they have been prepared in accordance with
Uk-adopted international accounting standards;

— Assess the Group and parent Company's ability to continue as
a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to
going concern; and

— Use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either
intend to liquidate the Group or the parent Company or to
cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting
records that are sufficient to show and explain the parent Company's
transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time
the financial position of the parent Company and enable them to
ensure that its financial statements comply with the Companies
Act 2006. They are responsible for such internal control as they
determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due
to fraud or error, and have general responsibility for taking such
steps as are reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of
the Group and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.

Under applicable law and regulations, the Directors are also
responsible for preparing a Strategic Report and a Directors’
Report that complies with that law and those regulations.

The Directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity

of the corporate and financial information included on the
Company's website. Legislation in the UK governing the preparation
and dissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation
in other jurisdictions.

By order of the Board.

John Paton
Chief Financial Officer

20 June 2024


===== page 102 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 99

Independent auditor’s report

to the members of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting pic

1. Our opinion is unmodified

We have audited the financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets
Consulting pic ("the Company” for the year ended 31 March 2024,
which comprise the consolidated statement of comprehensive
income, consolidated statement of financial position, consolidated
statement of cash flows, consolidated statement of changes in
equity, company statement of financial position, company statement
of changes in equity, and the related notes, including the accounting
Policies in note 1 to both the consolidated financial statements and
company financial statements.

In our opinion:

— the financial statements give a true and fair view of the state
of the Group's and of the parent Company's affairs as at
31 March 2024 and of the Group's profit for the year then ended;

— the Group financial statements have been properly prepared
in accordance with UK-adopted intemational accounting standards;

— the parent Company financial statements have been properly
prepared in accordance with UK accounting standards,
including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework; and

— the financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with international
Standards on Auditing (UK) ("ISAs (UK)") and applicable law.
Our responsibilities are described below. We have fulfilled our
ethical responsibilities under, and are independent of the Group
in accordance with, UK ethical requirements including the FRC
Ethical Standard as applied to listed entities. We believe that the
audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate
basis for our opinion.

Overview

£1.25m (FY 23: £1.5m)

4.9% (FY 23: 4.8%) of Group profit before tax
adjusted for acquisition costs, employment-linked
and contingent consideration

Materiality:

Group financial
statement:
hole

Coverage 84% (FY 23: 84%) of Group absolute profit before tax
excluding intercompany

Key audi

matters vs FY 23

eRe Feverve recognition on contracts in BS

progress at year end, and recognition
of deferred and accrued income
Presentation and disclosure of
adjusting items (alternative >
performance measures)
Recoverabilty of parent Company's >

investments in subsidiaries and

receivables due trom Group entities
(parent Company only) |

alphafme.com

aoueusanon eyesodsog



===== page 103 =====
100 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate Governance
Independent auditor's report continued

2. Key audit matters: our assessment of risks of material misstatement

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in the audit of the financial
statements and include the most significant assessed risks of material misstatement (whether or not due to fraud) identified by us,
including those which had the greatest effect on: the overall audit strategy; the allocation of resources in the audit; and directing the
efforts of the engagement team. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole,
and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. In arriving at our audit opinion above,
the key audit matters, in decreasing order of audit significance, were as follows (unchanged from FY 23),

The risk

Our response

Revenue recognition

on contracts in progress
at year end, and
recognition of deferred
and accrued income

(Revenue £235.5m, FY 23:
£228,7m; Deferred income
£1.9m, FY 23: £1.0m;
Accrued income £4.4m,
FY 23: £3.7m)

Refer to p. 82 (Audit and
Risk Committee Report),
p. 117 (accounting policy)
and p. 120, p. 135 and
Pp 137-138 (financial
disclosures)

Inappropriate recognition
of revenue on contracts in
progress at year end by
error or fraud, and impact
on resulting deferred and
accrued income:

Billing of contracts is either on a
time and expense or mitestone
basis. There is a risk that
revenue transactions around
the year end, including the
associated deferred and
accrued income, might be
incorrectly recorded, either in
error or fraudulently, such that it
does not reflect hours worked
or the seivices provided.

Our procedures included:

— Tests of detail (tracing and agreeing): we assessed the
appropriateness of revenue recognised by:

* selecting a sample of revenue transactions recognised in
March 2024 and April 2024 and obtaining the contract to
determine if time and expense or milestone;

* for time and expense engagements, agree to the invoice
and hours recorded on timesheet records to assess that
the revenue has been recognised in the appropriate
financial year;

for milestone contracts, agree to the invoice and deliverable
specified in the terms and conditions of the contract to
assess whether revenue has been recognised in the
appropriate financial year;

‘selecting a sample of items included in deferred income at
31 March 2024 and agreeing that the amounts billed per
the invoice are in advance of the work being completed as
specified in the terms and conditions of the contract; and

selecting a sample of items included in accrued income

at 31 March 2024 and agreeing: that amounts accrued agree
to hours recorded on timestieet records that have not been
invoiced; that contracts with the customer are in place for the
work performed; and that amounts accrued have been
invoiced post-year end.

We performed the detailed tests above rather than seeking to rely
on any of the Group's controls because our knowledge of the
design of these controls indicated that we would not be able to.
obtain the required evidence to support reliance on controls.

— Assessing transparency: we considered the adequacy
of the Group's disclosures in respect of revenue, deferred
income and accrued income.

alphafme.com


===== page 104 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 101

The risk

Our response

Presentation and
disclosure of adjusting
items (alternative
performance measures)

(Adjusting items £14.3m,
FY 23: £15.8m)

Refer to p. 82 (Audit and

Risk Committee Report),

p. 118 (accounting policy)
and pp 121-124

Inappropriate identification
of adjusting items, and
inappropriate presentation
and disclosure of
alternative performance
measures by error:

The disclosure of adjusting
items and alternative
performance measures
(‘APMs") is subjective.

There is a risk that items are
inappropriately identified as.
adjusting items and/or items
classified as adjusting items
or APMs are disclosed on an
inconsistent basis (both within
the period and between
periods), and that clear and
accurate explanation of
adjusting items is not given

in order to manipulate the
presentation of the’
performance of the business.
There is also a risk that undue
prominence is given to APMs.

Our procedures included:

— Tests of detail: we assessed the appropriateness of the
presentation of alternative performance measures and adjusting
items by:

* challenging the Group's classification of adjusting items
and APMs through reference to external guidance and
comparison to competitors. Assessing whether the adjusting
items met the Group’s definition of adjusting items and
whether that presentation and the presentation of APMs is
‘on a consistent basis with prior periods;

inspecting the Group's calculations of alternative performance
measures to test the accuracy of the amounts in the
disclosures; and

* agreeing items separately disclosed to supporting invoice or
Group's calculation and assessing whether they have been
captured accurately.

We performed the tests above rather than seeking to rely on any of
the Group's controls because the nature of the balance is such that
we would expect to obtain audit evidence primarily through the
detailed procedures described.

— Assessing transparency: critically assessing the disclosure

* in the Annual Report and Accounts and considering whether
appropriate prominence has been given to GAAP measures,
and whether explanations of adjusting items and reconciliations
of alternative performance measures and GAAP measures are
clear and accurate.

Recoverability of parent
Company’s investments
in subsidiaries and
receivables due from
Group entities (parent
‘Company only)

(investment carrying value
£70.5m, FY 23: £1.3m;
Receivables due from
Group entities £90.7m,
FY 23; £165.0m)

Refer to p. 82 (Audit and
Risk Committee Report),
pp 147-148 (accounting
policy) and p. 149

Recoverability of parent
Company’s investments
in subsidiaries and
receivables due from
Group entities.

The carrying amount of the
parent Company's investments _
in subsidiaries and of the
intra-Group debtor balance
together represents 99%

(FY 23; 99%) of the parent
Company's total assets. Their
recoverability is not at a high
risk of significant misstatement
‘or subject to significant
judgement. However, due to
their materiality in the context
of the parent Company
financial statements, this is
considered to be the area that
had the greatest effect on our
overall parent company audit.

Our procedures included:

— Test of detail: we assessed the recoverability of the parent
Company investments and intra-Group receivables by
comparing the carrying amount of investments in subsidiaries
(post-reorganisation) and intra-Group debtors with reference to
the relevant subsidiaries’ draft balance sheets to identify whether
they have net assets and whether those subsidiaries have
historically been profit-making, and comparing to the market
capitalisation of the Group.

We performed the tests above rather than seeking to rely on any of
the Group's controls because the nature of the balance is such that
we would expect to obtain audit evidence primarily through the
detailed procedures described.

— Assessing transparency: assessing the adequacy of the
parent Company's disclosures in respect of investments in
subsidiaries and Group debtor balances.

alphafme.com

9°
8
3
$
»
8
a
cy
2
3
3
a
5
a
&



===== page 105 =====
102 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate Governance
Independent auditor's report continued

3. Our application of materiality and an overview
of the scope of our audit

Materiality for the Group financial statements as a whole was set
at £1.25m (FY 23: £1.5m), determined with reference to a benchmark
of Group profit before tax normalised to exclude acquisition costs,
employment: linked and contingent consideration as disclosed in
note 4, of which it represents 4.9% (FY 23: 4.8%).

Materiality for the parent Company financial statements as a whole
was set at £0.6m (FY 23: £0.7m), which is the component materiality
for the parent Company determined by the Group audit engagement
team. This is lower than the materiality we would otherwise have
determined with reference to a benchmark of parent Company
total assets, of which it represents 0.4% (FY 23: 0.4%).

In line with our audit methodology, our procedures on individual
account balances and disclosures were performed to a lower
threshold, performance materiality, so as to reduce to an
acceptable level the risk that individually immaterial misstatements
in individual account balances add up to a material amount
across the financial statements as a whole.

Performance materiality was set at 75% (FY 23: 75%) of materiality
for the financial statements as a whole, which equates to £0.94m
(FY 23: £1.13m) for the Group and £0.45m (FY 23: £0.53m) for the
parent Company. We applied this percentage in our determination
of performance materiality because we did not identify any factors
indicating an elevated level of risk.

We agreed to report to the Audit and Risk Committee any
corrected or uncorrected identified misstatements exceeding
£0.06m (FY 23: £0.075m), in addition to other identified
misstatements that warranted reporting on qualitative grounds.

Of the Group's 34 (FY 23: 34) reporting components, we
subjected 7 (FY 23: 7} to full scope audits for Group purposes
and 1 (FY 23: 1) to specified risk-focused audit procedures. The
latter were not individually financially significant enough to require
a full scope audit for Group purposes, but did present specific
individual risks that needed to be addressed. We subjected 1

(FY 23: 1} component to specified risk-focused audit procedures
over revenue, accrued income, deferred income and profit

share accruals.

Group revenue

Group absolute profit before tax

For the residual components, we performed analysis at an
aggregated Group level to re-examine our assessment that there
were no significant risks of material misstatement within these.
The component materialities ranged from £0.40m to £0.75m

(FY 23: £0.5m to £1.0m), having regard to the mix of size and risk
profile of the Group across the components. The work on all of
‘the components (FY 23: all of the components), including the
audit of the parent Company, was performed by the Group team.
The Group team performed procedures on the items excluded
from normalised Group profit before tax. The scope of the audit
work performed was predominately substantive as we placed
limited reliance upon the Group's internal control over

financial reporting.

The components within the scope of our work accounted for
the percentages illustrated below.

Group materiality
£1.25m (FY 23: £1.5m)

Normalised Group profit before
tax adjusted for acquisition
costs, employment-linked and
contingent consideration

£25.7m (FY 23: £31.0m)

£1.25m_

Whole financial
statements materiality
(FY 23: £1.50m)

£0.94m
Whole financial

statements performance
materiality (FY 23: £1.13)

£0.75m

Range of materiality
at 8 components
(€0.40m-£0.75m) (FY
23: £0.53m to £1.13m)

@ Group profit before tax
adjusted for acquisition costs,
employment-linked and
contingent consideration

© Group materiality

£0.06m
Misstatements

reported to the Audit,
and Risk Committee

Group total assets

excluding intercompany

84%

(FY 23: 84%)

Full scope for Group audit purposes 2024
© Specified risk-focused audit procedures 2024
@ ‘Full scope for Group audit purposes FY 23

alphafme.com

89%

(FY 23: 91%)

© Specified risk-focused audit procedures FY 23
© Residual components


===== page 106 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 103

The remaining 20% (FY 23: 21%) of total Group revenue excluding
intercompany, 16% of Group profit before tax excluding intercompany
(FY 28: 16%) and 11% (FY 23: 9%) of total Group assets is represented

by 26 (FY 23: 26) reporting components, none of which individually ”

represented more than 4% (FY 23: 3%) of any of total Group revenue,
Group profit before tax excluding intercompany or total Group
assets. For these components, we performed analysis at an
aggregated Group level to re- examine our assessment that there
were no significant risks of material misstatement within them.

4. Going concern

The Directors have prepared the financial statements on the going
concern basis as they do not intend to liquidate the Group or the
parent Company or to cease their operations, and as they have
concluded that the Group and the parent Company's financial
position means that this is realistic. They have also concluded that
there are no material uncertainties that could have cast significant
doubt over their ability to continue as a going concern for at least
a year from the date of approval of the financial statements

(‘the going concern period”).

We used our knowledge of the Group, its industry, and the
general economic environment to identify the inherent risks to its
business model and analysed how those risks might affect the
Group's and parent Company's financial resources or ability to
continue operations over the going concern period. The risk that
we considered most likely to adversely affect the Group's and
parent Company's available financial resources and metrics
relevant to debt covenants over this period was:

— forecasted future revenue generation.

We considered whether this risk could plausibly affect the liquidity
in the going concern period by assessing the degree of downside
assumption that, individually and collectively, could result in a
liquidity issue, taking into account the Group's current and
Projected cash and facilities (a “reverse stress test”).

We considered whether the going concern disclosure in note 1
to the financial statements gives a full and accurate description
of the Directors’ assessment of going concern, including

the identified risks and dependencies. We assessed the
completeness of the going concern disclosure.

Our conclusions based on this work:

— we consider that the Directors’ use of the going concern
basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial
‘statements is appropriate;

— we have not identified, and concur with the Directors’
assessment that there is not, a material uncertainty related
to events or conditions that, individually or collectively, may
cast significant doubt on the Group's or parent Company's
ability to continue as a going concern for the going concern
period; and

— we found the going concern disclosure in note 1 to be acceptable.

However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions
and as subsequent events may result in outcomes that are
inconsistent with judgements that were reasonable at the time
they were made, the above conclusions are not a guarantee that
the Group or the parent Company will continue in operation.

5. Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations

~ ability to detect
Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement
due to fraud
To identify risks of material misstatement due to fraud (“fraud risks”)
we assessed events or conditions that could indicate an incentive
or pressure to commit fraud or provide an opportunity to commit
fraud. Our risk assessment procedures included:

—~ enquiring of Directors and the Audit and Risk Committee,
and inspection of policy documentation as to the Group's high
level policies and procedures to prevent and detect fraud,
including the Group's channel for “whistleblowing”, as well as
whether they have knowledge of any actual, suspected or
alleged fraud;

9°
8
3
g
2
a
2
8
<
3
3
B
3
3
8

— reading Board and Audit and Risk Committee minutes;

— considering remuneration incentive schemes and performance
targets for management and Directors including the adjusted
EPS target for management remuneration; and

— using analytical procedures to identify any unusual or
unexpected relationships.

We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit team
and remained alert to any indications of fraud throughout the audit.

As required by auditing standards, and taking into account
possible pressures to meet profit targets and our overall knowledge
of the control environment, we perform procedures to address the
risk of management override of controls and the risk of fraudulent
revenue recognition, in particular:

— the risk that Group management may be in a position to make
inappropriate accounting entries;

— the risk of bias in accounting estimates and judgements such
as employment-linked acquisition payments, share-based
payments and contingent consideration; and

— the risk that revenue is recorded in the wrong period.

Further detail in respect of revenue recognition is set out in the
key audit matter disclosures in section 2 of this report. We also
performed procedures including:

— identifying journal entries and other adjustments to test for all
full scope components based on risk criteria and comparing
the identified entries to supporting documentation. These
included unusual pairings with a credit or debit to an account
above earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation,
(EBITDA’), with the opposite entry below EBITDA and unusual
journals with a credit or debit entry to cash;

— identifying revenue transactions to test for all full scope
components based on unusual pairings with a credit or debit
to revenue; and

— assessing whether the judgements made in making
accounting estimates are indicative of a potential bias.

alphafme.com


===== page 107 =====
104 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corporate Governance
Independent auditor's report continued

5. Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations
- ability to detect continued

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement
due to non-compliance with laws and regulations

We identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably
be expected to have a material effect on the financial statements
from our genera! commercial and sector experience, and through
discussion with the Directors and other management (as required
by auditing standards), and from inspection of the Group's legal
correspondence and discussed with the Directors and other
management, the policies and procedures regarding compliance
with laws and regulations.

We communicated identified laws and regulations throughout our
team and remained alert to any indications of non- compliance
throughout the audit. The potential effect of these laws and
regulations on the financial statements varies considerably.

Firstly, the Group is subject to laws and regulations that directly
affect the financial statements including financial reporting
legislation (including related companies legislation), distributable
profits legislation and taxation legislation and we assessed the
extent of compliance with these laws and regulations as part

of our procedures on the related financial statement items.

Secondly, the Group is subject to many other laws and regulations
where the consequences of non-compliance could have a material
effect on amounts or disclosures in the financial statements, for
instance through the imposition of fines or litigation. We identified
the following areas as those most likely to have such an effect:
anti-bribery, data protection and employment law recognising the
financial nature of the Group’s activities. Auditing standards limit
the required audit procedures to identify non-compliance with
these laws and regulations to enquiry of the Directors and other
management and inspection of regulatory and legal correspondence,
if any. Therefore if a breach of operational regulations is not
disclosed to us or evident from relevant correspondence, an
audit will not detect that breach.

Context of the ability of the audit to detect fraud or breaches
of law or regulation

Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an
unavoidable risk that we may not have detected some material
misstatements in the financial statements, even though we have
properly planned and performed our audit in accordance with
auditing standards. For example, the further removed non-
compliance with laws and regulations is from the events and
transactions reflected in the financial statements, the less likely
the inherently limited procedures required by auditing standards
would identify it.

In addition, as with any audit, there remained a higher risk of
non-detection of fraud, as these may involve collusion, forgery,
intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
internal controls. Our audit procedures are designed to detect
material misstatement. We are not responsible for preventing
non-compliance or fraud and cannot be expected to detect
non- compliance with all laws and requlations.

alphafme.com

6. We have nothing to report on the other
information in the Annual Report

The Directors are responsible for the other information presented

in the Annual Report together with the financial statements.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other

information and, accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion

or, except as explicitly stated below, any form of assurance

conclusion thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so,
consider whether, based on our financial statements audit work,
the information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with
the financial statements or our audit knowledge. Based solely on
that work we have not identified material misstatements in the
other information.

Strategic Report and Directors’ Report
Based solely on our work on the other information:

— we have not identified material misstatements in the Strategic
Report and the Directors’ Report;

— in our opinion the information given in those reports for the
financial year is consistent with the financial statements; and

— in our opinion those reports have been prepared in
accordance with the Companies Act 2006.

7. We have nothing to report on the other matters

on which we are required to report by exception
‘Under the Companies Act 2006, we are required to report to you
if, in our opinion:

— adequate accounting records have not been kept by the
parent Company, or returns adequate for our audit have not
been received from branches not visited by us; or

— the parent Company financial statements are not in agreement
with the accounting records and returns; or

— certain disclosures of Directors’ remuneration specified by law
are not made; or

— we have not received all the information and explanations we
require for our audit.

We have nothing to report in these respects.

8. Respective responsibilities
Directors’ responsibi

As explained more fully in their statement set out on p. 98, the
Directors are responsible for: the preparation of the financial
‘statements including being satisfied that they give a true and fair
view; such internal control as they determine is necessary to
enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; assessing
the Group and parent Company's ability to continue as a going
concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
concern; and using the going concern basis of accounting unless
they either intend to liquidate the Group or the parent Company or
to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

ies


===== page 108 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 105

Auditor's responsibilities

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error, and to issue our opinion in an
auditor's report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance,
but does not guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it
exists. Misstaternents can arise from fraud or error and are considered
‘material if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on
the basis of the financial statements.

A tuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC's
website at www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities.

9. The purpose of our audit work and to whom we
owe our responsibilities

This report is made solely to the Company's members, as a body,
in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act
2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state
to the Company's members those matters we are required to
state to them in an auditor's report and for no other purpose. To
the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume
responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the
Company's members, as a body, for our audit work, for this
report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Craig Parkin (Senior Statutory Auditor)

for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
Chartered Accountants

EastWest,

Tolthouse Hill,

Nottingham,

NG1SFS

20 June 2024

alphafme.com

°
g
3
8
Py
3
fod
8
g
8
3
Fi
8
FA
8



===== page 109 =====
106 Annual Report & Accounts 2024



===== page 110 =====
I Annual Report & Accounts 2024 107

Financial
Statements

108 Consolidated statement of comprehensive income

109 Consolidated statement of financial position
110 Consolidated statement of cash flows
111 Consolidated statement of changes in equity

. 112 Notes to the consolidated financial statements

! 145 Company statement of financial position

H 146 Company statement of changes in equity
147 Notes to the Company financial statements

Zz
3
Fy
5
2,
a
g
FS
&

6 Alpha are really great
partners in our industry
" and bring to bear experience
across asset classes, across
geographies. They also bring
tangible actionable benefits
and insights.”

Global Head of investor Services,
Global asset manager

alphafme.com



===== page 111 =====
108 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
For the year ended 31 March 2024

{Year ended | Year ended
31 March 2024 | 31 March 2023
Note { £'000 £'000

Continuing operations |
Revenue 2 235,471 228,717
Rechargeable expenses 2 | (1,846) (1,562)
Net fee income” 2! 233,625 227,155
Cost of sales 2! (155,328) (146,796)
Gross profit 2} 78,297 80,359
Administration expenses | (63,219) (61,723)
Operating profit 3] 25,078 28,636
Finance income 6 | 346 364
Finance expense 6} (2,854) (3,229)
Profit before tax 1 22,570 25,771
Taxation 8 | (6,723) (7,810)
Profit for the year i 15,847 | 17,961

Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss: |
Foreign exchange differences on translation of foreign operations { (1,966) 3,510
Total other comprehensive income for the year | (1,966) | 3,510
Total comprehensive income for the year | 13,881 | 21,471
Basic earnings per share (p) 1" 13.85 15.82
Diluted earnings per share (p) 1 12.98 14.79

36 Net fee income, adjusted EBITDA and other alternative performance measures are defined and reconecilad in note 4.

alphafme.com



===== page 112 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 109

Consolidated statement of financial position

As at 31 March 2024

Asat | Asat
31 March 2024 | 31 March 2023
Note £000 | £7000
Assets :
Non-current assets
Goodwill 12 105,179 103,676
Intangible fixed assets 12 25,073 27,588
Property, plant and equipment 14 947 4413
Right-of-use assets 7 2,333 4,008
Deferred tax assets 9 2,666 3,033
Capitalised contract fulfilment costs 15 76 108
Total non-current assets | 136,274] . 139,526
Current assets
Trade and other receivables 15 42,185 34,128
Cash and cash equivalents 16 29,392 59,215
Total current assets | 71,577 | 93,343
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables 7 (46,373); (60,539)
Provisions 18 (3,308) (3,326)
Corporation tax (1,526) (1,321)
Lease liabilities 7 (1,413) (2,104)
Total current liabilities I (52,620)} (67,290)
Net current assets J 18,957 | 26,053
Non-current liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities 9 (2,442) (2,783)
Other non-current liabilities 19 (3,149) (11,400)
Lease liabilities 7 (1,147) (2,057)
Total non-current liabilities i (6,738) | (16,240)
Net assets i} 148,493 | 149,339
Equity
Issued share capital 21 92 90
Share premium 119,438 119,438
Foreign exchange reserve 5,026 6,992
Other reserves 18,777 17,258
-Retained earnings 5,160 5,561
Total shareholders’ equity } 148,493 | 149,339

The notes on pp 112-144 form part of these consolidated financial statements.

authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 20 June 2024,

They were signed on its behalf by:

Lue Mu/Baqué
Chief Executive Officer

- Loe

«John G Paton
Chet Financial Officer

These financial statements were approved and

alphafme.com

Zz
5
a
3
3
s
2
Es
s
3
Fa
2
5



===== page 113 =====
110 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Consolidated statement of cash flows
For the year ended 31 March 2024

Yearended | Year ended
31 March 2024 | 31 March 2023
Note £000 £'000
Cash flows from operating activities:
Profit for the year 15,847 17,961
Taxation 8 6,723 7,810
Finance income 6 (346) (364)
Finance expenses 6 2,854 3,229
Loss/(profit) from exchange rate movements on cash held 448 (2,364)
Depreciation charge 714 2,769 1,933
Profit on disposal of fixed assets (44) (14)
Amortisation of intangible fixed assets 12 4,325 4,762
Share-based payment charge . 22 6,663 7,023
Increase/(decrease) in provisions 18 18 (19)
Working capital adjustments:
Increase in trade and other receivables (7,679) (3,834)
(Decrease)/increase in trade and other payables (11,170)! 7,752
Cash generated from operations 20,408 43,875
Tax paid . (7,633) (13,285)
Net cash generated from operating activities 12,775 | 30,590
Cash flows from investing activities: |
Interest received 6 346 364
Acquisition consideration payments, including deferred and contingent, net of cash acquired 13 (16,981) (20,829)
Purchase of intangible assets 12 gt) | (319)
Purchase of property, plant and equipment, net of disposals (803) ¢ (860)
Net cash used in investing acti (17,449)! (21,644)
Cash flows from financing act
Net settlement of vested share options (457) (343)
Purchase of own shares by the EBT (3,843) (1,139)
Drawdown of revolving credit facility 6 10,150 12,500
Repayment of revolving credit facility 6 (10,150) (12,500)
Interest and bank loan fees (1,254) (482)
Principal lease liability payments 7 (1,989) (1,318)
Interest on lease liabilities 7 (308) (216)
Dividends paid 10 (16,246) (12,774)
Net cash used in financing activities (24,097); (16,269)
Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents (28,771); (7,323)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 59,215 63,516
Effect of exchange rate movements on cash held (1,052) 3,022
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 29,392 | 59,215

alphafme.com



===== page 114 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024111

Consolidated statement of changes in equity
For the year ended 31 March 2024

Foreign Total
Issued share Share exchange Other Retained shareholders’
capital Premium reserve reserves earnings: equity
£'000 £7000 £'000 £000 £'000 £'000
As at 1 April 2022 89 119,438 3,482 9,361 375 132,745
Comprehensive income
Profit for the year - - - - 17,961 17,961
Foreign xchange aiferences on translation - . 3.510 . . “3510
Transactions with owners
Shares issued (equity) 1 - - - a) -
Purchase of own shares by the EBT - - - (1,139) - (1,139)
Share-based payment charge - - - 7,028 - 7,023
Net settlement of vested share options - - - (343) - (343)
Current tax recognised in equity - - - 1,486 - 1,486
Deferred tax recognised in equity - - - 870 - 870
Dividends - - - - (12,774) (12,774)
As at 31 March 2023, 90 119,438 6,992 17,258 5,561 149,339
Comprehensive income
Profit for the year - - -— - 15,847 15,847
foreign exchange sitferences on translation . _ (1,966) . . (1.966)
Transactions with owners
Shares issued (equity) 2 - - - a) -
Purchase of own shares by the EBT - - - (3,843) - (3,843)
Share-based payment charge . - -- - 6.663 - 6,663
Net settlement of vested share options - - - . (457) - (457)
Current tax recognised in equity - - - 569 - 569
Deferred tax recognised in equity - - - (1,413) - (1,413)
Dividends - - - - (16,246) (16,246)

As at 31 March 2024 f] 92 119,438 5,026 18,777. 5,160 148,493 |

Issued share capital
Issued share capital represents the nominal value of share capital subscribed.

Share premium

The share premium account is used to record the aggregate value of premiums paid when the Company's shares are issued at a.
premium, net of asSociated share issuance costs.

Foreign exchange reserve

The foreign exchange reserve represents exchange differences that arise on consolidation from the translation of the financial
statements of foreign subsidiaries, including goodwill.

Other reserves

The other reserves represent the cumulative fair value of the IFRS 2 share-based payment charge recognised each year, associated
current tax, deferred tax and net settlement of vested share options, equity-settled acquisition consideration reserves, and purchases of
the Company's own shares by the employee benefit trust ("EBT").

Retained earnings

The retained earnings reserve represents cumulative net profits and losses recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive
income, less dividends paid.

alphatme.com

3
3B
3
8
Ey
g
Es
3
3
3
2
a



===== page 115 =====
112. Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements

1. Summary of significant accounting policies
General information

The principal activity of the Group is the provision of specialist
consulting and related services to clients in the financial services
industry, principally in the UK, North America, Europe and APAC.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting pic is incorporated in England
and Wales with registered number 09965297. The Company is a
public limited company and is listed on the AIM of the London
Stock Exchange. Its registered office is 60 Gresham Street,
London, EC2V 7BB.

The consolidated financial statements were authorised for issue
in accordance with a resolution of the Directors on 20 June 2024.

Basis of preparation

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with UK-adopted international accounting standards.

These financial statements have been prepared under the
historical cost basis, except for certain financial instruments that
are measured at fair value.

The presentational currency of these financial statements is pound
sterling. All amounts in these financial statements have been
rounded to the nearest £1,000, except where otherwise stated.

Going concern

In assessing the Group's and the Company's abilities to continue
ona going concem basis for a period of at least 12 months from
the approval of these financial statements (the “going concern
period’), the Directors considered the Group's projected cash
flows, cash liquidity and existing undrawn borrowing facilities.

As at 31 March 2024, the Group held considerable financiai
resources including cash balances of £29.4m. The Group also
has access, throughout the going concern period, to a revolving
credit facility ("ACF") of £50.0m, providing further liquidity. See
note 6 for details of the Group's banking facility, and also note 23
for details of the financial risks facing the Group. _

The Group prepared cash-flow forecasts covering the going
concern period. The base case assumes trading performance
over the forecast period in line with the Board-approved budget,
reflecting recovery to growth in FY 25 at slightly improved margins,
including future non-operating cash flows related to dividends,
deferred consideration and earn-out payments due. The Directors
considered the principal risks and mitigants (as set out on pp 57-60)
and analysed a range of cash-flow downside scenarios including
a “reverse-stress test" scenario. This models the decline in sales
that the Group would be able to absorb over the going concern
period before utilising all of the existing cash reserves available,
while assuming the maximum Lionpoint and Shoreline acquisition
payments. The Directors consider this scenario and the sequence
of events that could lead to it to be remote, as it requires annualised
revenue reductions of over 30% compared to the base case,
before modelling any mitigating cost reductions, assuming no
dividends are paid and no further funding of the EBT is provided
in the period. The Group's £50.0m RCF remains fully undrawn in
all going concern scenarios.

While cognisant of the more challenging market environment
experienced in FY 24, the Directors look forward with confidence
for the Group to return to historic growth and profitability levels achieved.

After careful consideration of the scenarios, the Directors have a
reasonable expectation that the existing resources of the Group.
and the Company are adequate to meet their requirements over
the going concern period. On this basis, the Directors consider
that it is appropriate to adopt the going concern basis in preparing
the financial statements.

alphafme.com

Additionally, the Board has considered the going concern
assessment in light of the recommended cash offer for the
acquisition of 100% of the Company's issued share capital by
Actium Bidco (UK) Limited ("Bidco’), an indirect subsidiary of certain
funds managed by Bridgepoint Advisers Limited ("Bridgepoint")
(the “Acquisition”), which is subject to shareholder approval.

Whilst the current Board is not expected to continue in its current
form foliowing completion of the Acquisition, the Directors have
considered the strategic plans and intention statements of

Bidco around the operation of the Group, potential initiatives

to accelerate growth and scale existing Group businesses,
outlined in the recommended cash offer announcement dated

20 June 2024 made pursuant to Rule 2.7 of the Takeover Code.

It is also currently expected that the Company will remain in
existence as an intermediate holding company under the potential
new Acquisition structure during the going concern period.

Considering these factors and information available to the Board
at this stage, alongside the Board's current understanding of the
potential Acquisition structure, the Board is not aware of any
reason to change its going concern assessment

Basis of consolidation

These financial statements consolidate the financial statements of
the Company and its subsidiary undertakings (the “Group”) as at
31 March 2024.

Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date of acquisition,
being the date on which the Group obtains control, and continue
to be consoiidated until the date that such control ceases. The
financial statements of subsidiaries are prepared for the same
reporting period as the parent company, using consistent
accounting policies.

All intra-Group balances, income and expenses and unrealised
gains and losses resulting from intra-Group transactions are
eliminated in full

Principal accounting policies

The principal accounting policies adopted in the preparation of
these consolidated financial statements are set out below:

Significant judgements and estimates
The preparation of financial information in accordance with

IFRS requires management to make judgements, estimates and
assumptions that affect the application. of accounting policies
and reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses.

Judgements
In the process of applying the Group's accounting policies, the
Directors have made two judgements (excluding those involving
estimations), which are considered to have a significant effect on
the financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2024.

Alternative performance measures

To assist in understanding the underlying performance of the
Group, management presents various alternative performance
measures ("APMs’), which exclude certain adjusting items. APMs
are provided to allow stakeholders a further understanding of the
underlying trading performance of the Group and to aid comparability
between accounting periods. Management applies judgement to
identity those adjusting items that warrant exclusion from the
Group's adjusted measures to allow stakeholders a further
underslaruiny uf the urderlying performance of the business.
These adjusting iterns have been applied consistently across reporting
periods. A reconciliation to IFRS measures, and explanation of
each adjusting item excluded, is provided in note 4.


===== page 116 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 113

All adjusting items are considered individually for exclusion by
virtue of their nature or size. In the year ended 31 March 2024,
these items totalled £14.3m (FY 23: £15.8m) recognised in
administration expenses. A further £1.6m (FY 23: £2.4m) of
non-underlying costs were recognised within finance expenses.

Revenue recognition

Revenue is the Group's most significant caption in the consolidated
statement of comprehensive income. Whilst the majority of the
Group's revenue is contracted on a time and materials basis, the
Group also has some fixed-price milestone contracts. The recognition
of revenue on such contracts involves consideration of the detailed
contractual terms against the requirements of IFRS 15. The key
judgements include assessment of whether revenue should be
recognised over time or at a point in time, and whether the performance
obligations under the contract have been met at the balance
sheet date, to best reflect the transfer of services through the

life of each contract.

Further information regarding the methods used to recognise
revenue for both time and materials and milestone contracts
is provided in the Group's accounting policy, as detailed on p. 117.

Estimates

Anumber of estimates have been made in the preparation of the
financial statements. The underlying assumptions in the Group's
estimates are based on historical experience and various other
factors that are deemed to be reasonable under the circumstances.
These assumptions form the basis of calculating estimates of the
carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not apparent from
other sources. Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed
‘on an ongoing basis. Changes to estimates are recognised in the
year in which the estimate is revised and any future years
affected. Actual results can differ from these estimates.

The Directors have not identified any key estimates that are
considered to have a significant risk of a material adjustment
within the next financial year. However, the Directors have
identified one other area of estimation uncertainty.

Share-based payments

Management has estimated the share-based payment expense
under IFRS 2. In determining the share-based payment expense
and the associated social security tax thereon, management has
considered several internal and external factors to judge the probability
that management and employee share incentives may vest and to
assess the fair value of share options at the date of grant. Such
assumptions involve estimating future performance, share price
and other factors. The fair value calculations have been assessed
by a third-party expert for reasonableness in the current and prior
periods. Refer to note 22 for sensitivity analysis.

Property, plant and equipment

All property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost (or
deemed historical cost) less accumulated depreciation. Cost
includes the original purchase price of the asset and the costs
attributable to bringing the asset to its working condition for its
intended use.

Depreciation is applied on all property, plant and equipment at
rates calculated to write each asset down to its estimated residual
value on a straight-line basis at the following annual rates:

Tangible fixed asset Useful economic life

Leasehold improvements 3-10 years
Fixtures and fittings 3-4 years
Computer equipment 3 years

Useful economic lives and estimated residual values are reviewed
annually and adjusted as appropriate.

Business combinations, goodwill and consideration

Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition
method as at the acquisition date, which is the date on which
control is transferred to the Group. Identifiable assets acquired
and liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured
at their fair values at the acquisition date.

Goodwill arises when the fair value of the consideration for a business
exceeds the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired.

In determining the fair value of intangible assets arising on a
business combination, management assesses the timing and
amount of future cash flows applicable to the intangible assets
being acquired, discounted using an appropriate discount rate.
The estimated cash flows are based on current budgets and
forecasts, extrapolated for an appropriate period, considering
growth rates and expected changes to selling prices and operating
costs. Management estimates an appropriate discount rate using
post-tax rates that reflect current market assessments of the time
value of money and the risks specific to the business being
acquired (see note 12).

In line with IAS 21 para 47, goodwill arising on the acquisition of a
foreign operation is held in local currency and is retranslated into
the Group’s presentational currency at each reporting date using
the closing foreign exchange rate.

)
5
3
3
8
=
g
PS
3
3
a
2

Goodwill is initially recognised and measured as set out above.
Goodwill is not amortised but is reviewed for impairment at least
annually as described below.

Impairment reviews - goodwill

Goodwill is tested for impairment annually or, more frequently,
when there is an indication of impairment. For the purpose of
impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group's
cash-generating units (“CGUs") or groups of cash-generating
units expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.
The CGUs have been grouped in line with the Group's operating
segments as this is the level at which goodwill is monitored by
management. Therefore, the groups of CGUs considered for
impairment testing are UK, North America and Europe & APAC.

The Group performs impairment reviews at the reporting period
end to identify any goodwill assets that have a carrying value that
isin excess of its recoverable amount. Determining the recoverability’
of goodwill requires judgement in both the methodology applied
and the key assumptions within that methodology. If it is determined
that an impairment is required, the carrying value of the goodwill
is reduced to its recoverable amount with the difference recorded
as an impairment charge in the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income. Any impairment loss recognised for
goodwill is not reversed.

In accordance with IAS 36, the Group has tested goodwill for
impairment at the balance sheet date. No goodwill impairment
was deemed necessary at 31 March 2024.

alphafme.com


===== page 117 =====
114 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

1. Summary of significant accounting policies
continued

Deferred and contingent consideration on acquisition

Deferred and contingent consideration may arise on acquisitions.
Deferred consideration arises when settlement of all or part of the
cost of business combination falls due after the acquisition was
completed. Contingent consideration arises where consideration
is dependent on the future performance of the acquired company.

Deferred and contingent consideration associated with business
combinations that is to be settled in cash is assessed in line with
agreed contractual terms. Consideration payable is discounted
for the time value of money and recognised as capital investment
cost at fair value when the deferred or contingent consideration is
not employment-linked. Alternatively, where amounts payable are
contingent upon future employment, these amounts are recognised
as a remuneration expense over the deferral or contingent
performance period.

In circumstances where there is an option to settle in the form
of cash or a variable number of shares, the Group recognises a
financial liability for the fair value of the discounted consideration.
Where consideration is settled in a fixed number of shares, the
consideration is classified as equity, it is not remeasured, and
settlement is accounted for within equity.

Subsequent to the acquisition date, amounts relating to
deferred consideration are measured at amortised cost.
Contingent consideration amounts are recognised at fair value
through the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

At each balance sheet date, the fair value of contingent
consideration is measured using level 3 inputs in accordance with
the fair value hierarchy and as such these calculations contain
estimation uncertainty, as they relate to future performance.

The key inputs associated with the valuation of these liabilities
include the potential future cash flows of each acquired business,
the likelihood of an earn-out payment being made and estimating
an appropriate discount rate to apply to these future cash flows.
Changes to these assumptions that support the fair value are
recognised within administration expenses as an adjusting item.
For further detail see notes 13 and note 23.

Changes in the carrying value of deferred and contingent
consideration liabilities associated with the passage of time
are recognised as a finance cost.

Consideration payments, including all deferred and contingent
consideration paid in the year, are reported within investing
activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows, except
for employment-linked payments, which are reported within
operating activities.

Other intangible assets
Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are initially
recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is
regarded as their cost). After initial recognition, intangible assets
acquired in a business combination are reported at cost less
accumulated amortisation and any impairment losses.

alphafme.com

Intangible assets acquired as part of a business combination

Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are
identified and recognised separately from goodwill where they
satisfy the definition of an intangible asset under IAS 38. Such
assets are only recognised if either:

— they are capable of being separated or divided from the Group
and sold, transferred, licensed, rented or exchanged, either
individually or together with a related contract, identifiable
asset or liability, regardless of whether the Group intends to
do so; or

— they arise from contractual or other legal rights, regardless of
whether those rights are transferable or separable from the
entity or from other rights and obligations.

The cost of such intangible assets is their fair value at the acquisition
date. All intangible assets acquired through business combination
are amortised over their estimated useful lives. The significant
intangibles recognised by the Group, their useful economic lives
and the methods used to determine the cost of the intangibles
acquired in business combinations are as follows. These useful
lives are re-assessed at each reporting date:

Intangible asset Useful life Valuation method

Customer Multi-period excess
relationships 4-12 years earnings method
Intellectual

rronerty 7 years Relief from royalty method
Trade name 4-15 years. Relief from royalty method
Order backlog 4-2 years Multi-period excess

earnings method

Internally developed intangible assets

Capitalised development costs represent the costs incurred in the
development of internally generated software, primarily within the
Aivig business.

Auseful economic life of three years has been deemed
appropriate based on the expected project lifecycle in
development of new software. The amortisation charge is
recognised in administration expenses within the consolidated
statement of comprehensive income.

Foreign exchange

Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the relevant
entity's functional currency at the average foreign exchange rate
in the month of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities
denominated in foreign currencies at the balance sheet date are
retranslated to the functional currency at the foreign exchange
rate ruling at that date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that
are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are
translated using the average exchange rate in the month of the
transaction and are not retranslated. Foreign exchange differences
arising on translation to functional currency are recognised in
administration expenses.

The revenues and expenses of foreign operations are translated
to the Group's functional currency at the average foreign exchange
rate in the month of the date of the transactions. The assets and
liabilities of foreign operations, including goodwill and fair value
adjustments arising on consolidation, are translated to the Group's
presentational currency, pound sterling, at foreign exchange rates
ruling at the balance sheet date. Foreign exchange differences
arising on retransiation of assets and liabilities relating to foreign
operations are recognised in other comprehensive income. Exchange
differences on translation of foreign operations may be reclassified
subsequently to profit or loss when specific conditions are met.


===== page 118 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 115

Financial instruments

The Group uses financial instruments comprising cash and cash
equivalents, borrowings, and other short-term instruments, such
as trade payables that arise from its operations. The main purpose
of these financial instruments is to fund the Group’s business
strategy and working capital requirements.

Accounting policies in respect of financial instruments are
outlined below.

Financial assets

Financial assets are initially measured at fair value plus or minus,
in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or
loss, transaction costs. The Group has not reclassified any financial
assets subsequent to initial recognition as at the balance sheet
date. Reclassification of classes of financial assets is accounted
for prospectively in accordance with IFRS 9, where this is required.
Any difference on reclassification from amortised cost to fair value
through profit or loss is recognised in the statement of comprehensive
income at the reclassification date.

The Group recognises an expected credit loss provision in relation
to financial assets. The simplified method is applied to the
Group’s trade receivables as described below. The Group's
expected credit loss provision on all other financiai assets is
immaterial as the probability of default is low. Movements in the
expected credit loss provision are recognised in profit or loss.
Refer to note 15 for further details.

Refer to note 23 for the disclosure of financial assets measured
at amortised cost. °

Trade and other receivables

Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at fair value,
equal to the transaction price, and subsequently measured at
amortised cost less provision for impairment. The trade receivables
balances recorded in the Group's statement of financial position
are held until realised in cash.

The Group provides services to customers on credit terms with
mainly arrears billing. Certain receivables may not be paid. The
Group applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring
expected credit losses, which uses a lifetime expected loss
allowance for all trade receivables. To measure expected credit
losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on shared
credit characteristics and the days past due. The Group considers
historical loss rates for each ageing category as a starting point
for estimating the expected credit loss. This historical loss rate is
subsequently adjusted for macro-economic and customer-specific
factors of receivables within each ageing category. Characteristics
considered by the Group for these purposes include: historical
collection experience for each customer; the assessed liquidity of
key customers within the receivables balance; and other relevant
macro-economic factors in order to determine a reasonable and
supportable assessment of the expected lifetime credit risk in the
context of the overall year-end trade receivables due.

Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances that are
recorded and subsequently measured at amortised cost in line
with IFRS 9. Bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand and
are included as a component of cash and cash equivalents for
the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows.

” obligations, as this is most appropriate for the type of provisions

Financial liabilities
Derivatives

The Group may use derivative financial instruments to manage its
exposure to foreign exchange and other risks, The Group does
not use derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes.
Derivatives are recorded at their fair value in the consolidated
‘statement of financial position. Gains and losses on these
instruments are recognised immediately in the consolidated
‘statement of comprehensive income. A derivative with a positive
fair value is recognised as a financial asset whereas a derivative
with a negative fair value is recognised as a financial liability.

The Group has not formally designated any derivative financial
instruments to qualify for hedge accounting. See note 23 for
further details.

Trade and other payables

Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value,
equal to the transaction price, and are subsequently measured at
amortised cost. Trade payables due within one year are not discounted.

Refer to note 23 for the disclosure of financial liabilities measured
at amortised cost and fair value.

Provisions

Provisions are distinct from other liabilities as there is uncertainty
‘over the timing or amount of the cash outflow required to settle
the liability. Provisions are measured at the present value of the

expenditure expected to be required to settle the obligation. The
Group applies a “most likely outcome” approach in valuing these

Zz
5
Fy
3
2.
s
g
2
&
3
Fe
2
a

which the Group holds. These are discounted to present value
using an appropriate pre-tax discount rate, where the time value
of money is material. Refer to note 18 for detail of classes of
provisions and further detail on material assumptions.

External borrowings

All loans and borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, equal
to the value of amounts received. Borrowings are subsequently
stated at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds
and the redemption value is recognised in the statement of
comprehensive income over the period of the borrowings using
the effective interest method.

impairment of non-financial assets

The carrying amounts of the entity’s non-financial assets, other
than deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each reporting date to
determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any
‘such indication exists, then the asset’s recoverable amount is
estimated. The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the
greater of its value in use and its fair value, less costs to sell.

In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are
discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
reflects current market assessments of the time value of money
and the risks specific to the asset.

For the purposes of impairment testing, assets that cannot be
tested individually are grouped together into the smallest group of
assets that generates independent cash inflows (the CGU); that is,
cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of
the cash inflows of other assets or groups of assets.

alphafme.com


===== page 119 =====
116 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

1. Summary of significant accounting policies
continued

An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an
asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable amount.
impairment losses are recognised in the statement of comprehensive
income. Impairment losses recognised in respect of CGUs are
allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill
allocated to the units and then to reduce the carrying amounts

of other assets in the CGU (or group of CGUs) on a pro-rata basis.

An impairment loss relating to non-financial assets, excluding
goodwill, is reversed if and only if, the reasons for the impairment
have ceased to apply.

Impairment losses recognised in prior years are assessed at each
reporting date for any indication that the loss has decreased or no
longer exists. An impairment loss is only reversed to the extent
that the asset's carrying amount does not exceed the carrying
amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation

or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

Right-of-use assets are accounted for in line with the “Leases”
section below.

Current and deferred tax

Current and deferred tax is recognised in the consolidated
statement of comprehensive income, except in relation to
share-based payments where the amount of the tax deduction
exceeds the amount of the related cumulative share-based
payment charge, in which case it is recognised in equity.

Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the
taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively
enacted at the balance sheet date, and any adjustment to tax
payable in respect of previous periods.

Deferred tax is provided using the balance sheet liability approach,
providing for temporary differences between the carrying amounts
of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the

_ amounts used for taxation purposes. The amount of deferred tax
provided is based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement
of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities, using tax rates
enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each
balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer
probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow ail
or part of the asset to be recovered. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set
off current tax assets against current tax liabilities, and when they
relate to taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the Group.
intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

Leases

The Group leases office premises in various jurisdictions. Leases
are negotiated on an individual basis, and for a variety of terms
over which rentals are fixed. Leases may contain a break clause
or options to extend for a further period at the then prevailing
market rate. Rental agreements to which IFRS 16 has been
applied span anywhere between 12 months and 10 years.
Contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components.
Non-lease components are separately identifiable and are
excluded from the recognition of the lease under IFRS 16.

alphatme.com

The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other
than the security interests in the leased assets that are held
by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for
borrowing purposes.

Measurement of lease liabi
On initial recognition of a new lease, the lease liability is recognised
as the present value of future payments, discounted using the
incremental borrowing rate ("IBR”), unless the interest rate implicit
to the lease is available for use.

ies

Lease payments to be made subsequent to optional termination
options have been included within the lease liability measurement,
where it is reasonably certain that such options will be exercised.

Lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit

in the lease. If that rate cannot be easily determined, the IBR is
applied, being the rate that the individual lessee would have to
pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar
value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment
with similar terms, security and conditions. In determining the
IBR, the Group has made adjustments for relevant factors such
as lease term, lease value, country and asset-specific considerations.

The Group accounts for lease payments by allocating them to a
finance cost element and against the lease liability. The finance
cost is charged to the statement of comprehensive income over
the lease period.

When the Group revises its estimate of the term of any lease

(for example, if a significant change in circumstances within the
Group's control indicates a reassessment is appropriate), the
Group adjusts the carrying amount of the lease liability to reflect
the payments to make over the revised term, which are discounted
using a revised discount rate. In such cases, an equivalent adjustment
is made to the carrying value of the right-of-use asset, with the
revised carrying amount being amortised over the remaining
(revised) lease term. If the carrying amount of the right-of-use
asset is adjusted to zero, any further reduction is recognised in
the statement of comprehensive income.

The Group has no material exposure to variable lease payments
that qualify for accounting treatment under IFRS 16.

Measurement of right-of-use assets
The right-of-use asset for lease agreements entered into after
transition date is measured on initial recognition as the amount
equal to the lease liability, less any lease incentives, plus any initial
direct costs. Right-of-use assets are depreciated over the shorter
of the asset's useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis.

The Group has used the practical expedients permitted by IFRS 16
in relation to accounting for leases with a lease term of less than
12 months as “short-term leases”, and those with a low value as
“low-value leases”. Consequently, no lease liability or right-of-use
asset is calculated thereon. These leases are expensed in the
statement of comprehensive income. The Group also applies the
practical expedient to combine leases with similar characteristics
to a portfolio of leases for the purpose of applying the
requirements of IFRS 16.

‘See note 7 for further details on the Group's leasing arrangements.


===== page 120 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 117

Revenue recognition
Recognition of revenue and client billing

Revenue consists of the value of work executed for clients during
the year and expenses recharged, exclusive of VAT. Revenue is
classified into net fee income and recharged expenses. Net fee
income represents the Group's personnel, sudcontractor and
related expertise and services sold to clients. Recharged expenses
is the recharge of costs incidental to fulfilling contracts including
flights, subsistence and accommodation on which nil or negligible
margin is earned by the Group.

The Group delivers services that have no alternative use to Alpha
(advice to clients, reports, etc.) as the services are specifically
tailored to clients’ projects and scope of work. The significant
majority of the Group's revenue is contracted on a time and
materials basis, where the performance obligation is to provide
consultancy resources at agreed day rates. For such contracts,
revenue is recognised over time, as consultant days worked
are delivered, Modifications or extensions to such projects are
recognised as services are delivered. Significant extensions,
where the scope or price of the contract increases, are treated
as separate contracts. Contracts accounted for on a time and
materials basis are billed incrementally, typically monthly, for
incurred time and materials.

Revenue recognition for fixed-fee projects is based on the
Satisfaction of performance obligations in line with contractual
project milestones, depending on the nature of the performance
obligations for the project. Material scope changes are managed
via a new agreement with the client. Fixed-feé projects are typically
billed in accordance with the nature of the performance obligations
when a right to payment crystallises.

For most fixed-fee milestone projects, revenue is recognised at
a point in time upon delivery of each performance obligation and
these projects are typically billed as contractual milestones are
delivered and the right to payment exists. Contractual milestones
are only treated as separate performance obligations by the
Group when they are distinct from the other elements in the
contract and could provide a benefit to the customer without
further work being completed. In limited circumstances, revenue
from fixed fee milestone projects is recognised over time where
the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance
completed to date, before the contractual milestone has been
fully delivered.

Revenue relating to right-to-access software licensing fees is
recognised over time, as the benefits of the software are consumed
by the customer over the licence period. Associated implementation
and other services are recognised in line with the underlying
performance obligation, either over the contractual licence period
where the associated service is not distinct from the licence, or in
line with the work performed where the service provided is deemed
distinct from the underlying licence. This assessment is made at a
contractual level based on the level of interdependency between
the promises in each related contract.

Revenue is wholly attributable to the principal activities of the
Group. For all revenue types, payment is typically due between
30 and 60 days after the invoice date or receipt of invoice,
depending on the client and geography.

Recognition of contract receivables

Activity performance recognised as revenue in excess of invoices
raised are contract receivables and are included within accrued
income, up to the value of the relevant project delivery milestone,
where applicable. On invoicing, the contract receivable is reclassified
to trade receivables.

Recognition of contract liabilities

Where amounts have been invoiced in excess of work performed
and revenue recognised, the excess is a contract liability and is
included within deferred income, valued in line with the nature of
the project and related performance obligations as described
above and recognised in future periods.

Cost of sales

Cost of sales is defined by management as the direct costs
associated with the generation of the Group's revenue, including
staff payroll and contractor costs that are directly attributable to
the delivery of services and supporting growth.

Rechargeable expenses, including travel and subsistence directly
recharged to the Group's clients as part of revenue generation,
are presented within the “rechargeable expenses” line within the
Group's statement of comprehensive income.

Zz
3
3
5
ic}
2
g
s
a
3
a
2
a

Capitalised contract fulfilment costs

Costs directly attributable to the fulfilment of unsatisfied or partially
unsatisfied performance obligations on customer contracts are
recognised as an asset where these costs generate or enhance
resources of the Group and the costs are expected to be recovered.
These costs principally relate to partially completed milestones
on fixed-fee contracts and non-distinct software implementation
costs incurred in advance of the commencement of the client's
licence period on Aiviq contracts. These costs are recognised in
the consolidated income statement at the point of revenue recognition
for fixed-fee milestone projects, or are amortised to the consolidated
income statement over the licence period for non-distinct
‘software implementation costs.

Administration expenses

Administration expenses are defined by management as costs
incurred by the Group that are not directly associated with the
generation of revenue. This includes items such as head office
Staff costs, recruitment and professional fees and IT services,
which are expensed as incurred. Administration expenses exclude
finance income and expenses and taxation, which are presented
separately in the income statement.

Segmental reporting
An operating segment is a component of the Group:

() that engages in business activities from which it may earn
revenues and incur expenses (including revenues and
expenses relating to transactions with other components
of the same Group);

(i) whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the Board
of Directors in order to make decisions about resources to be
allocated to that component and assess its performance; and

(ii) for which discrete financial information is available.

Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the
internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision maker,
as required by IFRS 8 Operating Segments. The chief operating
decision maker is responsible for allocating resources and
assessing performance of the operating segments and has.

been identified as the Board of Directors.

alphatme.com


===== page 121 =====
118 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

1. Summary of significant accounting policies
continued

The accounting policies of the reportable segments are consistent
with the accounting policies of the Group as a whole. Segment
profit represents the gross profit earned by each segment without
allocation of administration expenses, interest payable and tax.
This is the measure of profit that is reported to the Board of Directors
for the purpose of resource allocation and the assessment of
segment performance.

The Board regularly reviews consolidated operating results to
make decisions about the financial and organisational resources
of the Group and to assess overall performance.

Employee benefits
Defined contribution pension plan

A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan
under which the Group pays fixed contributions into a separate
entity and will have a legal or constructive obligation to pay further
amounts. Contributions to defined contribution schemes are charged
to the statement of comprehensive income as they become
payable in accordance with the rules of the scheme. Differences
between contributions payable in the year and contributions paid
are shown as either accruals or prepayments in the consolidated
‘statement of financial position.

Share-based payments

The cost of share-based employee compensation arrangements,
whereby employees receive remuneration in the form of shares or
share options, is recognised as an employee benefit expense in
the consolidated statement of comprehensive income

The total expense to be apportioned over the vesting period of
the benefit is determined by reference to the fair value (excluding
the effect of non-market-based vesting conditions) at the date
of grant.

In determining the fair value of share-based payments under IFRS
2, management has considered a number of internal and external
factors in order to judge the probability that management and
employee share incentives may vest. Such judgements involve
estimating future performance and other non-market-based factors.

At the end of each reporting period the assumptions underlying
the number of awards expected to vest are adjusted for the effects
of non-market-based vesting conditions to reflect the conditions
prevailing at that date. The impact of any revisions to the original
estimates is recognised in the statement of comprehensive
income, with a corresponding adjustment to equity. Fair value is
measured by the use of a binomial model. The assumptions have
been adjusted, based on management's best estimate, for the
effects of non-transferability, lack of dividend until vesting and
exercise restrictions.

The fair value calculations in both the current and prior years
have been externally assessed and deemed reasonable in
the circumstances,

After vesting, the Group satisfies share option exercises either
through the issuance of new ordinary shares, or through the
transfer of existing shares held in the Company's EBT to the
employee. Any share options not exercised upon vesting remain
outstanding until the end of the contracted exercise period.

An associated employers’ social security tax liability on these
share options is accrued through the vesting period to align with
the payment due upon exercise. The value of this liability at the
balance sheet date is assessed by reference to the estimated
future share price on exercise, where applicable.

alphatme.com

Other benefits

The Group operates a profit share bonus and other bonus.
schemes that aim to pay employees a percentage of an individual's
salary, subject to country or regional-level corporate performance
in the period. The profit share is accrued at each reporting date,
based on management's best estimates of the staff bonuses to
be paid considering the overall financial performance and is
recognised as an employee benefit expense in the consolidated
statement of comprehensive income. The profit share and bonus
accrual is not considered to be a significant estimate due to the
proximity and certainty of the payment at the reporting date.

Short-term employee benefits, including holiday pay and medical
care, are accrued as services are rendered.

Earnings per share

The Group presents basic and diluted earnings per share ("EPS"),
on both a statutory and adjusted basis. Basic EPS is calculated
by dividing the profit or loss for the year attributable to ordinary
shareholders by the weighted average number of ordinary shares
outstanding during the year.

The Group applies the “treasury share method” in calculating the
weighted average number of dilutive ordinary shares used in the
calculation of diluted EPS, under which only the bonus element of
potentially dilutive shares is reflected in the denominator. Bonus
shares represent the number of shares that could be issued to
satisfy share option awards granted to employees under the Group's
management incentive plan (“MIP”) and employee incentive plan
(‘EIP”), net of shares covered by the assumed proceeds to be
received for these awards in the future. For further detail on these
plans, please see note 22.

These share options are only included in the calculation of dilutive
shares where the performance conditions, excluding employment
conditions, are deemed to be satisfied at the balance sheet date.
The inclusion of such potentially dilutive shares is weighted based
‘on the period in which the share options were outstanding in the
year. Potentially dilutive shares are only treated as dilutive when
their conversion to ordinary shares would decrease EPS (or
increase loss per share)

For the purpose of calculating adjusted EPS the same adjustments
as set out in note 4 are made to the Group's profit for the
financial year.

Alternative performance measures

In order to provide further information on the underlying performance
of the Group, the Group uses alternative performance measures
(‘APMs"). The measures are not defined under IFRS and they may
not be directly comparable with other companies’ adjusted measures.
These non-GAAP measures are not intended to be a substitute
for, or superior to, any IFRS measures of performance, but have
been included as the Directors consider them to be helpful
measures used within the business for assessing the underlying
performance of the Group across periods. The disclosure of
these measures within the financial statements is designed to
provide the user with additional relevant information, and to
supplement those measures disclosed under IFRS. The Group
performs a reconciliation for each APM, which includes disclosure
of the most directly reconcilable line item, subtotal or total presented
under IFRS within the financial statements. For further details
please refer to note 4.

Dividends

Dividends proposed by the Board are recognised in the financial
statements when they have been approved by shareholders at
the AGM. Interim dividends are recognised when they are paid.



===== page 122 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 119

Audit exemptions for UK subsidiaries

Certain UK-registered subsidiaries have taken advantage of the
Parent company guarantee exemption to prepare unaudited
accounts in accordance with s479A of the Companies Act 2006.
The name and registered number of each subsidiary taking
advantage of the audit exemption are shown below:

Registered
Company number
Aivig Limited 11480862
Axxsys Limited 04967647
Obsidian Solutions Limited 09737564
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting MENA Limited. 14638009

A full list of subsidiary undertakings is disclosed in note 2 of the
Company financial statements on pp 149-150.

New accounting standards and interpretations

The following changes in accounting policies were applied by the
Group in these consolidated financial statements for the year
ended 31 March 2024. These included the adoption of new
standards and interpretations described below.

The International Accounting Standards Board ("IASB") and
IFRS Interpretations Committee (“IFRIC”) have issued the following
standards, amendments and interpretations, which are now effective:

— IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts, effective from 1 January 2023.
— Amendments to IFRS 17, effective from 1 January 2023.

— Disclosure of Accounting Policies (Amendments to IAS 1 and
IFRS Practice Statement 2), effective from 1 January 2023.

— Definition of Accounting Estimates (Amendments to IAS 8),
effective from 1 January 2023.

— Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising froma
‘Single Transaction (Amendments to IAS 12), effective from
1 January 2023.

— International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules
(Amendments to IAS 12) - Application of the exception
and disclosure of that fact, effective from 23 May 2023.

— International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules.
(Amendments to IAS 12) - other disclosure requirements,
_ effective from 1 January 2023.

— International Tax Reform - Pillar Two Mode! Rules
(Amendments to the ‘IFRS for SMEs’ Standard), effective
from 29 September 2023 (not yet endorsed by the UK).

The Directors reviewed the nature and effect of these new
standards on the Group and noted no material impact on
the financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2024.

The following other standards, interpretations and amendments to
existing standards have been issued but were not mandatory for
accounting periods beginning on 1 April 2023 and are not
expected to have a material impact on the Group:

— IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosures in financial statements,
effective from 1 January 2027 (not yet endorsed by the UK)

— Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-Current
(Amendments to IAS 1), effective from 1 January 2024.

— Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback (Amendments to
IFRS 16), effective from 1 January 2024,

— Non-current Liabilities with Covenants (Amendments to IAS 1),
effective from 1 January 2024.

— Supplier Finance Arrangements (Amendments to IAS 7 and
IFRS 7), effective from 1 January 2024.

— IFRS 19 Subsidiaries without Public Accountability, effective
from 1 January 2027 (not yet endorsed by the UK).

— Lack of Exchangeability (Amendments to IAS 21), effective
from 1 January 2025 (not yet endorsed by the UK).

alphatme.com

pt)
3
3
5
ic}
2
g
»
a
3
&
2
a



===== page 123 =====
120 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

2. Segmental information
* Group management has determined the operating segments by considering the segment information that is reported internally to

the chief operating decision maker, the Board of Directors, For management purposes, the Group is currently organised into three
geographical operating divisions: UK, North America and Europe & APAC, which allows the Board to evaluate the nature and financial
effects of the business activities of the Group and the economic environments in which it operates.

The Group's operations all consist of one type: specialist consultancy and related services to the financial services industry. Revenues
associated with software licensing arrangements were not significant in both the current and prior years. Therefore, the Directors
consider that disaggregating revenue by operating segments is most relevant to depict how the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty
of revenue and cash flows may be affected by economic factors.

{ North Europe & |
1 UK America® APAC# Total
FY 24 . £'000 £'000 £000 £7000 i
Revenue i 91,547 91,359 52,565 235,471 |
Rechargeable expenses i (353) (813) (680) (1,846)
Net fee income i 91,194 90,546 51,885 233,625 |
Cost of sales | (68,190) (62,219) (34,919) (155,328),
Gross profit 1 33,004 28,327 16,966 78,297 |
Margin on net fee income” (%) i 36.2% 31.3% 32.7% 33.5% |
Non-current assets | 65,175 44,632 26,467 136,274 |
North Europe &
UK America® APAC® Total
FY 23 £'000 £'000 £000 £000
Revenue 87,467 91,815 49,435 228,717
Rechargeable expenses (327) (717) 618) (1,562)
Net fee income 87,140 91,098 48,917 227,155
Cost of sales : 7 (62,117) (61,104) (33,575) (148,796)
Gross profit " 35,023 29,994 15,342 80,359
‘Margin on net fee income” (%) ° 40.2% 32.9% 31.4% 35.4%
Non-current assets 69,445 46,721 23,360 139,526
During the year, the Group did not have any customers that comprised more than 10% of the Group's revenues (FY 23: ni).
3. Operating profit
. FY 23,
£'000
Operating profit for the year is stated after charging: Hl
‘Amortisation of intangible assets 12) 4,325 4,762
Depreciation charge 714 | 2,769 i 1,933
Foreign exchange losses | 331 | 459
Short-term lease expense : 7 723 } 1,096
Impairment provision recognised on trade receivables 15 28 ¢ 109
Defined contribution pension scheme costs 5 | 4,519 2,791
Share-based payment charge 221 7397} 7,950
Earn-out and deferred consideration® 13) 4,122 | 2,525
Acquisition and integration costs ' 292 | 331
Restructuring costs H 945 | -
H FY 24 | FY 23
4 ¢’000 | £000
Auditor's remuneration: . | t
Audit fees - parent company 155 | 123
Audit fees - subsidiary companies 465 | 370
Other assurance services | -i -

All Group auditor remuneration relates to audit fees. There were no additional advisory services provided by the auditor to the Group in
both the current and prior years. .

37 Margin on net fee income is gross profit expressed as a percentage of netfee income. Please refer to note 4 for further detail on the Group's APM.

38 Within North America, the United States generated revenue of £78.0m (FY 23: £77,1m) and Canada generated revenue of £13.4m (FY 23: £14.7m).

39 Within Europe & APAC, France is a material country and generated revenue of £20.im (FY 23: £18.7m)

40 The eam-out and deferred consideration expense in the year comprisos an employment-inked consideration charge of £1.1m and an associated social security charge of £0.1m, offset by
2 fair value adjustment of £0.im. See note 13 for further details.

alphatme.com



===== page 124 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 121

|
|
!

4. Reconciliations to alternative performance measures

Alpha uses alternative performance measures ("APMs’) that are not defined under the requirements of IFRS. The APMs, including net
fee income, margin on net fee income, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted profit before tax, adjusted EPS, adjusted cash generated from
Operations, adjusted cash conversion, organic net fee income growth and constant currency growth, are provided to allow stakeholders
a further understanding of the underlying trading performance of the Group and aid comparability between accounting periods. These
measures have been presented consistently across reporting periods. They are not considered a substitute for, or superior to, IFRS.
measures, and may not be comparable across other companies. The exclusion of adjusting items in the Group's APMs may result in
adjusted profitability being materially higher when compared with the nearest equivalent statutory measures.

Net fee income

The Group disaggregates revenue into net fee income and expenses recharged to clients. Net fee income provides insight into the
Group’s productive output and is used by the Board to set budgets and measure performance. This APM is reconciled to revenue on
the face of the consolidated statement of comprehensive income and by segment in note 2.

Profit margins

Margin on net fee income and adjusted EBITDA margin are calculated using gross profit and adjusted EBITDA, expressed as a
Percentage of net fee income. These represent the margin that the Group earns on its productive output, excluding nil or negligible

margin expense recharge to clients over which the Group has limited control, and allows comparability of business output between 2
periods. Such adjusted margins are used by senior management and the Board to assess the performance of the Group. 8
Reconciliation of adjusted profit before tax, adjusted operating profit and adjusted EBITDA =
FY 24 FY 23 2
Note £000 £'000 z
Profit before tax . 22,570 25,771 2
Amortisation of acquired intangible assets 12 4,325 4,576 3
Profit on disposal of fixed assets (44)! (14)
Share-based payment charge 22 7,337 | 7,950
Earn-out and deferred consideration” . 13 1,122 2,525
Acquisition and integration costs 292 331
Restructuring costs 945, -
Foreign exchange losses 331 y 459
Adjusting items 14,308 15,827
Non-underlying finance expenses 13 1,621 } 2,417 ‘
Adjusted profit before tax 38,499 44,015
Net underlying finance expenses 6 887 448
Adjusted operating profit 39,386 | 44,463
Depreciation charge 714 2,769 | 1,933,
Amortisation of capitalised development costs 12 -{ 186
Adjusted EBITDA 1 42,155 | 46,582
Adjusted EBITDA margin (%) ; 5 5 1 18.0% , 20.5%
Adjusting items
To assist in understanding the underlying performance of the Group and aid comparability between periods, management applies
judgement to exclude certain expense items from the Group's APMs, which are deemed to warrant separate disclosure due to either i
their nature or size. Such adjusting items as described below are generally non-cash, non-recurring by nature or are acquisition related.

Amortisation of acquired intangible assets and profit or loss on disposal of fixed assets are treated as adjusting items to better reflect |
the underlying performance of the business, as they are non-cash items, principally relating to acquisitions.

The Group's share-based payment charge and related social security taxes are excluded from adjusted profit measures. This allows for
better comparability between periods given the complexity of the assumptions underlying the calculation and the multi-year effect of
mid-cycle changes to certain assumptions being adjusted for on a cumulative basis, sometimes resulting in material fluctuations in the
charge between periods that are not reflective of the underlying operational performance of the business. The charge and related social
security taxes are also subject to external factors, such as the Group's share price, over which the Directors have less day-to-day
influence compared to other more directly controllable factors. This approach has been applied consistently across reporting periods.
Note 22 sets out further details of the employee share-based payment charge calculation under IFRS 2.

The Group will continue to assess the status of this charge as an adjusting item in the Group's financial statements, considering the
development of the charge, the Group and its remuneration policies. If no adjustment was made for the share-based payment charge,
adjusted EBITDA for the period would be £34.8m (FY 23: £38.6m) and adjusted EBITDA margin would be 14.9% (FY 23: 17.0%).

41 The earn-out and deferred consideration expense in the year comprises an employment-linked consideration charge of £1.1m, an associated social security charge of £0.1m, offset
bya £0.1m fair value adjustment. Rafer to note 13 for further details.

alphafmc.com



===== page 125 =====
122 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued _ ,

4, Reconciliations to alternative performance measures continued

As per note 13, the acquisitions of Shoreline in the year, and Lionpoint in FY 22, involved both deferred and contingent payments.

Some of these acquisition payments are dependent on the ongoing employment of certain members of the respective senior management
teams, and this element is expensed annually over several years until the date of payment. These costs have been treated as adjusting
items as they are acquisition related, reflecting the acquisition terms rather than the Group's trading performance. Additionally, where
there is a change to the expected future payments or discount rates, a fair value adjustment to the liability is recorded in the income
statement. Whilst these acquisition-related costs will recur in the short term through the earn-out periods, the adjustment allows
comparability of underlying productive output and operating performance of the Group across reporting periods.

Other acquisition and integration costs expensed in the year relate to the acquisition of Shoreline, including due diligence, legal fees
and integration costs. Whilst further similar acquisition and integration costs could be incurred in the future, these costs are not directly
attributable to the ongoing operational trading performance of the Group. The timing and amount of such costs may vary and treating
these as an adjusting item allows comparability of the operating performance across reporting periods.

Restructuring costs in FY 24 relate to a specific UK-focused redundancy programme, which aims to support returning the business
to more normal levels of utilisation and profitability, given the more competitive market environment. These costs are non-recurring
and, therefore have been treated as an adjusting item to allow comparability of the underlying performance of the Group.

The impact of foreign currency volatility in translating local working capital and cash balances to their relevant functional currencies
has been excluded from the calculation of adjusted profit measures on the basis that such exchange rate movements do not reflect
the underlying trends or operational performance of the Group. The foreign exchange movements were immaterial in both the current
and prior years.

Non-underlying finance expenses

In calculating adjusted profit before tax, unwinding of the discounted contingent and deferred acquisition consideration within

finance expenses is considered non-underlying as these amounts relate to acquisition consideration, rather than the Group's
underlying trading performance.

Adjusted profit before tax

Adjusted profit before tax is an APM calculated as profit before tax stated before adjusting items, including amortisation of acquired
intangible assets, share-based payment charge, acquisition-related payments and costs, non-underlying finance expenses and other
non-underlying expenses. This measure allows comparability of the Group's underlying performance, reflecting depreciation, amortisation
of capitalised development costs and underlying finance expenses.

Adjusted operating profit
Adjusted operating profit is an APM defined by the Group as adjusted profit before tax before charging underlying finance expenses,
including fees on bank loans and interest on lease liabilities. The Directors consider this metric alongside statutory operating profit to
allow further understanding and comparability of the underlying operating performance of the Group between periods. This measure
has been consistently used as the basis for adjusted cash conversion.

Adjusted EBITDA ©

Adjusted EBITDA is a commonly used operating measure, which is defined by the Group as adjusted operating profit stated before
non-cash items, including amortisation of capitalised development costs and the depreciation charge. Adjusted EBITDA is a measure
that is used by management and the Board to assess underlying trading performance across the Group, and forms the basis of the
performance measures for aspects of remuneration, including consultant profit share and bonuses.

Adjusted profit after tax . .
Adjusted profit after tax is similarly used to allow a further understanding of the underlying performance of the Group. Adjusted profit
after tax is stated before adjusting items and their associated tax effects. The associated tax effects are calculated by applying the
relevant effective tax rate to the adjusting items. A nil effective tax rate has been applied to earn-out and deferred consideration,
acquisition costs and non-underlying finance expenses totalling £3.0m as these items are treated as capital in nature and are therefore
non-deductible for tax purposes. An overall effective tax rate of 26.0% has been applied to all other adjusting items totalling £12.9m,
reflecting the tax rates in the geographical locations to which the items relate.

Co FY 24 | FY 23

£'000 1 £7000

Adjusted profit before tax { 38,499 | 44,015
Tax charge ' 6,723) (7,810)
Tax impact of adjusting items (3,289) } (2,976)

Adjusted profit after tax 28,487 | 33,229

alphatme.com



===== page 126 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 123

Adjusted earnings per share

Adjusted earnings per share ("EPS") is calculated by dividing the adjusted profit after tax for the year attributable to ordinary shareholders
by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year. Adjusted diluted EPS is calculated by dividing adjusted
profit after tax by number of shares as above, adjusted for the impact of potentially dilutive ordinary shares. Potentially dilutive ordinary
shares are only treated as dilutive when their conversion to ordinary shares would decrease EPS (or increase loss. per share). Refer to

note 11 for further detail.

FY 24 FY 23
Adjusted EPS (p) ; 24.90 29.27
Adjusted diluted EPS (p) 23.34 27.37

Reconciliation of adjusted administration expenses

To express them on the same basis as the APMs described above, adjusted administration expenses are stated before adjusting items,
+ depreciation and amortisation of capitalised development costs and are used by the Board to monitor the underlying administration

expenses of the business in calculating adjusted EBITDA.
FY 24 FY 23
Note £'000 £'000

Administration expenses 53,219 51,723
Adjusting items (14,308) (15,827)
Depreciation charge 714 (2,769) (1,933)
Amortisation of capitalised development costs 12 - (186)
Adjusted administration expenses | 36,142 | 33,777

Adjusted cash generated from operations

Adjusted cash generated from operations excludes the operating cash flow impact of adjusting items, such as employment-linked
acquisition payments and associated social security taxes, other acquisition and integration costs paid in the period, and restructuring
costs. This is to reflect the Group's underlying operating cash flows on a consistent basis with adjusted profit measures.

FY 24 FY 238
£000 £1000

Cash generated from operations : 20,408 43,875
Employment-linked acquisition payments 1,923 1,981
Acquisition and integration costs 292 331
Restructuring costs 945 -
Adjusted cash generated from operations _ | 23,568 [ 46,187

Adjusted cash conversion
Cash conversion is stated as cash generated from operations expressed as a percentage of operating profit.

Adjusted cash conversion is stated as adjusted cash generated from operations expressed as a percentage of adjusted operating profit.

FY 2a FY 234
Cash conversion : 81% 153%
Adjusted cash conversion 60% 104%

Organic net fee income growth

Organic net fee income growth excludes net fee income from acquisitions in the 12 months following acquisition. Net fee income from
any acquisition made in the period is excluded from organic growth. For acquisitions made part way through the comparative period,
the current period's net fee income contribution is reduced to include only net fee income for the period following the acquisition
anniversary, in order to compare organic growth on a like-for-like basis.

Organic net fee income growth of 1.8% (FY 23: 39.6%) for the current period represents FY 24 net fee income less £2.3m of net fee
income attributable to Shoreline, treated as inorganic.

42 The Group has refined the definition of adjusted cash generated from operations to exclude tax paid in the yoar. This allows for greater consistency as adjusted operating profit, used as
{he denominator in the calculation for adjusted cash conversion, is before tax. Additionally, this approach is inline wilh comparable companies and allows ease of comparison against
these companies. The FY 23 comparative has been reslated on this new basis to allow for comparability between years.

43 Employment-linked acquisition payments of £1.9m comprises £1.8m of acquisition consideration classified as employment-inked and £0.1m of associated social security payments.

‘44 FY 23 cash conversion and adjusted cash conversion have been restated to axclude tax paid in the year, reflecting the Group's refined definition of adjusted cash generated from
‘operations, as explained above. :

alphatme.com

z
3
3
5
2.
2
g
2
ry
3
a
2
&



===== page 127 =====
124 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

4. Reconciliations to alternative performance measures continued

Constant currency growth

The Group operates in muttiple jurisdictions and generates revenues and profits in various currencies. Results are translated on consolidation
at thé average foreign exchange rates prevailing in that period. These exchange rates vary from year to year, so the Group presents *
some of its results on a “constant currency” basis. This means that the current year's results have been retranslated using the average
exchange rates from the prior year to allow for comparison of year-on-year results, eliminating the effects of changes in exchange rates.

Currency translation had an impact on both net fee income and gross profit in the year, primarily in North America, as a result of a
strengthening British pound sterling through the year. In the year, British pound sterling averaged USD 1.26 (FY 23: USD 1.21), and
CAD 1.69 (FY 23: CAD 1.59), whilst it was flat against the euro at an average of €1.16 (FY 23: €1.16).

On a constant currency basis, Group net fee income would be £238.0m, which is growth of 4.8% overall. Similarly, North America
net fee income would be £94.5m and Europe & APAC would be £52.3m which would be growth of 3.8% and 6.9% respectively.

On a similar basis the Group's gross profit would have been £79.6m representing a 0.9% decrease, as opposed to a 2.6% decrease
on a reported basis,

5. Staff costs
The average number of employees employed by the Group, where “employees” includes Executive Directors but excludes contractors, was:

tr Fy 2a? FY 23

' Number | Number
UK ' 377! 320
North America | 321 272
Europe & APAC Hl 241 210
Administration | 122! 107
Average number of employees in the year } 1,061 | 909
Total staff costs included in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income were:

( Fy 24 | FY 23

H £000 ¢ £'000
Wages, salaries and short-term benefits \ 129,935 119,432
Social security costs 12,241 41,144
Pension costs 4,519 2,791

i
Share-based payment charge { 7,337 | 7,950
Total staff costs for the year | 154,032 | 141,317
Staff costs in relation to key management personnel, as defined in note 25, were:

OT ey 2a FY 23

| £1000 £7000
Wages, salaries and short-term benefits t 3,025 3,468

” Social security costs | 414 | 504

Pension costs \ 83 | 105
Share-based payment charge i 1,631 | 2,991
Total staff costs for key management personnel for the year ] 5,153 | 7,068

Directors’ remuneration
Detailed disclosures in respect of Directors’ remuneration are provided in the Remuneration Committee report on pp 84-94. Further
disclosures are provided here to comply with the requirements of Schedule 5 of the Large and Medium-sized Companies and Groups
(Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008.

The total aggregate remuneration of the Directors of the Company for the year ended 31 March 2024 was £1,844,000 (FY 23: £2,966,000),
including gains on the exercise of share options of £644,000 (FY 23: £1,648,000). On this same basis, the aggregate remuneration of the
highest paid Director for the year ended 31 March 2024 was £1,210,000 (FY 23: £1,973,000).

The share option gains disclosed above differ from the gains of £1,154,000 (FY 23: £366,000) disclosed in the single-figure table provided
in the Remuneration Committee report on p. 91 because they are calculated based on share options exercised in the year, whereas the
amounts in the single-figure table are calculated based on share options vested in the year. Additionally, the FY 23 aggregate remuneration
disclosed above also includes £1,973,000 relating to Euan Fraser, which is excluded from the single-figure table in the Remuneration
Committee report as he stepped down from the Board on 31 March 2023. This aggregate amount for Euan Fraser comprises salary and
bonus of £694,000, pension costs of £19,000 and gains on share options exercised of £1,260,0U0. All other components of remuneration
are on a consistent basis with the amounts disclosed in the single-figure table in the Remuneration Committee report.

As at 31 March 2024, one Director (FY 23: one Director) was accruing benefits under a defined contribution pension scheme.

alphafme.com



===== page 128 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 125

6, Finance income and expenses

FY 23
Note £000

Bank interest receivable 1 ~ 364
Total finance income 1 364
Interest and fees payable on bank loans (925) (696)
Interest on lease liabilities 7 | (308)! (216)
Total underlying finance expenses : a 233) (812)
Non-underlying finance expenses 13 | (1,621); (2,417)
Total finance expenses 1 (2,854)' (3,229)
Net underlying finance expenses 1 (887) | (448)
Net finance expenses 1 (2,508): (2,865)

The Group holds one principal bank facility comprising a £50.0m committed RCF with Lloyds and HSBC with a tenor to June 2026.
This facility is subject to two independent financial covenants relating to interest cover and net debt ratios, which were complied with
through the year.

The Group has utilised up to a maximum of £17.8m of the facility, drawn down occasionally through the year to meet short-term
currency requirements. The facility was undrawn as at 31 March 2024, and the Group remains in a strong net cash position of £29.4m.
An RCF drawdown and corresponding repayment of £10.2m is reported in the consolidated statement of cash flows as certain amounts.
have been presented on a net basis where amounts have been drawn down and repaid within three months.

z
3
a
3
9.
Es
2
Fa
s
a
2
2
a

7. Leases
* Right-of-use assets

Buildings Total
£'000 £'000

Net book value
Asat1April2022. 2,301 _ 3 2,304
Additions . 2,671 - 2,671
Effect of modifications to lease terms . 209 - 209
Depreciation charge (1,386) @) (1,389)
Foreign exchange adjustments 213 - 213
As at 31 March 2023 5 5 4,008 os 4,008
Additions 4,633 - 1,633
Effect of modifications to lease terms - (1106) - (1,108)
Depreciation charge (2.131) - (2,131)
Foreign exchange adjustments (71) - 7
As at 31 March 2024 : : | 2,333 : - 2,333 |

Right-of-use asset additions of £1.6m relate to various new office leases across the UK and North America, following the expiry
of certain leases during the year. These additions are partly offset by lease modifications of £1.1m, primarily relating to the early exit
of an office lease in the UK.

Lease li

ies
Asummary of the Group's undiscounted lease liabilities as at 31 March 2024 is presented below:

iz "FY 24 | FY 23

£000 £'000
Due within one year 1,570 | * 2,158
Due between one and five years | 1,266 2,391
Due after five years - 60
Total lease liabilities - undiscounted { 2,836 } 4,609
Impact of discounting 1 (276)! (448)
Total lease liabilities - discounted I 2,560 ' 4,161

alphafme.com



===== page 129 =====
126 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

7. Leases continued
Amounts recognised in the Group's consolidated statement of comprehensive income

{ez} 24 FY 23

[ez] ‘000 £'000
Depreciation of right-of-use asset . (2,131) (1,389)
Short-term lease expense | 3 (1,096)
Low-value lease expense . -
Variable service charges (119) i (64)
Included in administration expenses | {2,973)} (2,539)
Interest expense on lease liabilities { (308) j (216)
Included in finance expenses i (308)" (216)

Total cash rental payments made in the year on all lease tenors amounted to £3.0m (FY 23: £2.6m), of which £2.3m (FY 23: £1.5m)
related to lease liabilities and £0.7m (FY 23: £1.1m) related to short-term leases.

The Group has given consideration to any extension options and early termination options with reasonable certainty, and these have
been reflected within the lease liabilities where appropriate.

The Group has no material income or expenses associated with sub-leasing arrangements, sale-and-leaseback transactions, or
variable lease payments.

8. Taxation
FY 23
£'000
Current tax
In respect of the current year - UK 3,130 3,660
Foreign taxation 5,495 8,059
Adjustment in respect of prior periods (196) (442)
Deferred tax
In respect of the current year - UK . (1,344)} (1,995)
Foreign taxation of (1,380)
Change in tax rate on opening balance : - | 8
Adjustment in respect of prior periods G71); (100)
Total tax expense for the year . : i] 6723} . 7,810

The Finance Act 2022 increased the main rate of corporation tax in the UK to 25% from 1 April 2023. The UK deferred tax balances as
disclosed in note 9 reflect this substantively enacted rate in the current and prior years.

In addition to the tax expense for the year ended 31 March 2024, the Group has also recognised a total charge of £0.8m (FY 23: £2.4m
credit) of tax through equity, comprising a charge of £1.4m (FY 23: £0.9m credit) relating to deferred tax on share options outstanding,
partly offset by a credit of £0.6m (FY 23: £1.5m) relating to current tax on the exercise of share options in the year. Additionally, a 0.1m
credit (FY 23: £0.4m charge) was recognised through other comprehensive income, relating to the deferred tax impact of foreign
exchange fluctuations on acquired intangible assets,

alphafme.com



===== page 130 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 127

The difference between the total tax expense shown above and the amount calculated by applying the standard rate of UK corporation
tax to the profit before tax is as follows:

[— FY 24 FY 23
£000 £000
Profit before taxation | 22,570 | 25,771
Tax on profit on ordinary activities at standard UK corporation tax rate of 25% (FY 23: 19%) 5,643 4,896
Effects of:
Fixed asset differences | : - (24)
Income not taxable (185) -
Expenses not deductible for taxation “1,064 1,252
Differences due to overseas tax rates 375 2,202
Adjustments in respect of prior periods - current tax (196) (442)
Adjustments in respect of prior periods — deferred tax (371) (100)
Deferred tax not recognised 182 -
Change in deferred tax rate . 79 26
Other 102 -
Total tax expense for the year { 6,723 | 7,810

Expenses not deductible for taxation relate mainly to employment-linked acquisition consideration, associated discount unwinding and
other acquisition-related costs, treated as capital for tax purposes.

9. Deferred tax

Movements in deferred tax

As at 31 March 2024

Impact of
Acquired foreign
during the exchange Recognised Recognised
1 April 2023 year revaluation in income inequity 31 March 2024
£'000 £7000 £'000 £000 £'000 £000
Accelerated capital allowances (128) - - 20 - (108)
Short-term timing differences 2,018 - @ (198) - 1,818
Share options 5,298 - - 868 (1,413) 4,753
Arising on business combinations (6,938) (378) 61 1,016 - (6,239)
Net deferred tax asset 250] (378) 59 1,706 (1,413) 224 |
As at 31 March 2023
. Impact of
Acquired foreign
during the exchange Recognised —_ Recognised
1 April 2022 year revaluation in income inequity 31 March 2023
‘ £'000 £000 £'000 £'000 - £7000
Accelerated capital allowances (110) ~ - (18) - (128)
Short-term timing differences 690 - 63) 1,381 - 2,018
Share options 3,213 - - 4,215 870 5,298
Arising on business combinations (7,453) - (374) 889 - (6,938)
Net deferred tax (liability)/asset (3,660) - (427) 3,467 870 250

Deferred tax assets recognised within these consolidated financial statements mainly represent the future tax effect of share-based
payment charges in respect of awards that have yet to be exercised or released. Deductions in excess of the cumulative share-based
Payment charge recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income are recognised in equity. Other deferred tax
assets recognised relate to timing differences on deductions for tax purposes and as such there is no restriction on recoverability.

Deferred tax liabilities primarily represent temporary differences between the accounting and tax treatments of acquired intangible
assets. As the intangible assets are amortised, the deferred tax liabilities decrease, with changes being recognised in the consolidated
‘statement of comprehensive income. Any deferred tax liabilities recognised in respect of foreign currency intangible assets are
re-translated at each balance sheet date, consistent with the treatment of the associated intangible assets.

alphafme.com

Z
5
3
3
a
=
2
2
s
3
ro
2
Fa

J



===== page 131 =====
128 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

9. Deferred tax continued

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset where there is a legally enforceable right to do so and when the deferred taxes relate to the
same fiscal authority. The below table sets out the deferred tax asset and the net deferred tax liability, as presented in the consolidated

statement of financial position:
FY 24 FY 23
£'000 £'000

Deferred tax liabilities { (2,442); (2,783)

Deferred tax assets : i 2,666 3,033
Net deferred tax asset 1 224 | 250

10. Dividends

Amounts recognised as distributions to equity holders:

FY 23
£'000
Final dividend for the year ended 31 March 2023 of 10.50p (FY 22: 7.50p) per share 12,010 8,547
Interim dividend for the year ended 31 March 2024 of 3.70p (FY 23: 3.70p) per share | 4,236 | 4,227
Total dividends paid in the year | 16,246 | 12,774

In view of the recommended cash offer to acquire Alpha by Bidco, a newly incorporated indirect subsidiary of certain funds managed
by Bridgepoint, the Board is not recommending a final dividend. If the acquisition does not complete, it is expected that the Board
would declare a final dividend in respect of FY 24 at a later date.

_ Tl. Earnings per share and adjusted earnings per share
The Group presents basic and diluted earnings per share ("EPS"), on both a statutory and adjusted basis. Basic EPS is calculated by
dividing the profit or loss for the year attributable to ordinary shareholders by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding
during the year. In the calculation of diluted EPS the Group applies the treasury share method to include the impact of potentially dilutive
shares arising from the Group's share option plans. For further detail on the Group's accounting policy see note 1.

In order to reconcile to the adjusted profit after tax, the same adjustments as set out in note 4 have been made to the Group's profit for
the financial year. The profits and weighted average number of shares used in the calculations are set out below:

Note FY 24 FY 23

Basic and diluted EPS

” Profit for the financial year (£000) . 15,847 17,961
Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue ('000) 114,398 113,531
Number of dilutive shares ('000) . . . 7,658 \ 7,883
Weighted average number of ordinary shares, including dilutive shares ('000) ° 122,056! 121,414
Basic EPS (p) 13.85 | 15.82
Diluted EPS (p) ; 12.98 | 14.79
Adjusted EPS and adjusted diluted EPS
Adjusted profit after tax (£’000) : 4 28,487 33,229
Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue ('000) 114,398, 113,531

+ Number of dilutive shares ('000) 7,658 | 7,883

I
Weighted average number of ordinary shares, including dilutive shares ('000) 122,056 | 121,414
Adjusted EPS (p) 24.90 | 29.27
Adjusted diluted EPS (p) | 23.34 | 27.37

alphafme.com



===== page 132 =====
|

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 129

12. Goodwill and intangible fixed assets

Goodwill . .

24 FY 23
Movements in the year Note jo | £'000
Cost at beginning of the year 103,676 | - 100,991
Additions 13 2711 -
{Losses)/gains from foreign exchange (1,208) 2,685
Cost at end of the year | 105,179 | 103,676

Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the Group's share of the net identifiable assets of
the acquired subsidiary at the date of acquisition. In line with IAS 21 para 47, goodwill arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation
is held in local currency and is retranslated into the Group's presentational currency at each reporting date using the closing foreign
exchange rate.

Additions in the year of £2.7m to goodwill relate to the Group's acquisition of Shoreline Consulting Pty Ltd, Shoreline Consolidated Pty
Ld and their subsidiaries (“Shoreline”), a boutique consultancy that provides services to the asset and wealth management sector in
APAC. This goodwill represents assets that do not qualify for'separate recognition and includes the assembled workforce and the
expected synergy benefits of combining the talents of the Shoreline team into the Group.

In prior years, goodwill was recognised upon the acquisitions of Alpha FMC Group Holdings Ltd in February 2016, TrackTwo GmbH in
July 2017, Axxsys Ltd in June 2019, Obsidian Solutions Ltd in November 2019 and Lionpoint Holdings, Inc. in May 2021.

In line with IAS 36 para 96, the carrying value of goodwill is not subject to systematic amortisation but is reviewed at least annually for
impairment. The review assesses each group of CGUs to which goodwill has been allocated for impairment by comparing the carrying
value of the units, including the goodwill, with the recoverable amount of the units. The carrying values of goodwill have been assessed
by reference to value in use. These have been estimated using cash flows from forecasts prepared by management around the balance
sheet date.

The CGUs have been grouped in line with the Group's operating segments as this is the level at which goodwill is monitored by
management. Theréfore, the groups of CGUs considered for impairment testing are UK, North America and Europe & APAC.

FY 24 FY 23
Allocation of goodwill £'000 . £000
UK 52,082 52,082
North America 31,961 32,626
Europe & APAC 21,136 18,968
At end of the year i] 105,179 [ 103,676

Key'assumptions - impairment testing

The principal assumptions considered to be individually significant for the purposes of calculating the value in use for each CGU include
the assumed underlying trading used to estimate the future CGU cash flows, taking into account future CGU growth rates and margins,
and the pre-tax discount rate used to convert these estimated cash flows to present value.

In all cases, the budget for the following financial year forms the basis for the cash-flow projections for a CGU. These near-term FY 25
‘budget assumptions were sensitised to account for the inherent uncertainty associated with forward-looking cash-flow projections.

The cash-flow projections for the four years subsequent to the budget year reflect the Directors’ expectations of the medium-term
Operating performance of the CGU and the growth prospects in the CGU's market, reflecting a range of factors relevant to the specific
circumstances of each CGU. Underlying revenue growth assumptions for the period FY 26 to FY 29 range from an average annual
growth of 5.5% to 11.6% over the medium term and are assessed on a period-by-period basis reflecting market conditions. They include:
the relative size of each CGU and the maturity level of operations in the territory in the determination of the future estimated cash flows
for value in use.

Thereafter, a perpetuity long-term growth rate is applied ranging between 1.0% and 1.9% depending cn the CGU, based on jonger-term
economic outlooks of those economies and the Directors’ longer-term assessment of the prospects of those businesses.

To discount these cash flows to present value, CGU specific pre-tax discount rates have been applied to reflect the market assessment
of the time value of money and the specific risk profile of each CGU, including consideration of the relative size of each CGU, the maturity
level of operations in the territory and local market risk metrics. The Group bases its estimate for the pre-tax discount rate on its weighted
average Cost of capital. The weighted average pre-tax discount rate for the Group was determined to be 14.6% (FY 23: 14.7%). CGU
specific discount rates have been applied to reflect CGU specific risks.

The Group has considered associated costs of climate change and decarbonisation when forecasting future cash flows.

alphatme.com

Z
F
Fy
3
2
s
2
x
s
3
Fe
2
Fa



===== page 133 =====
130 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

12. Goodwill and intangible fixed assets continued
The table below summarises the assumptions used for each CGU:

Pre-tax discount rate Medium-term growth rate Long-term growth rate
| Fy 24 1 Fy23 | Fy 24 f FY23 } FY 24} FY 23
UK 14.7% 14.8% 5.5% 5.5% 1.0% 0.8%
North America 15.5% 15.3% 11.6% 11.5% 1.9% 1.6%
Europe & APAC 13.1% | 12.8% 71% 71% 1.3% 1.4%

Sensitivity
The Group has considered a range of factors in relation to the value in use estimate for each CGU.

In the assessing goodwill impairment review, discount rates applied would have to increase to between 30.9% and 47.5% dependent on
the CGU to result in value in use headroom falling to nil for any CGU. The Directors consider that no reasonably possible change to the
long-term growth rates could result in impairment of goodwill for any CGU given the assumptions, summarised in the table above.

Management does not expect a material change to the discount rate in any of its CGUs as presented for the year ended 31 March 2024.
As such, in order to address inherent uncertainty surrounding forward-looking cash-flow assumptions, the Group has applied sensitivity
analysis to identify the point to which growth would have to fall in order to reduce headroom to nil. As such, the assumed medium-term
annual growth rate for the period from FY 26 to FY 29 would need to be an annual decrease of (20.0%) and Gos 9%), depending on the
CGU, for the value in use headroom to fall to nil.

Variations in inflation levels are not significant in the impairment sensitivity analysis, given the level of headroom available to each CGU.

The Directors have considered.whether a reasonably possible change in the assumptions would erode the headroom or give rise to a
material adjustment to any carrying value in the next 12 months. The Directors do not consider that a reasonably possible change in
assumptions could result in a reduction in headroom to nil for any CGU.

Intangible fixed assets

As at 31 March 2024

Capitalised
Order ‘Customer Intellectual Trade development
backlog relationships Property name costs: Total
£'000 £7000 £'000 £000 £’000 £'000 +
Cost , |
At the start of the year 2,580 36,205 3,388 9120. 1,819 53,112
Additions - 1,729 - - 3it 2,040
Exchange difference (24) (225) - (60) - (299)
At the end of the year - total { 2,556 37,709 3,388 9,070 2,130 54,853 |
Amortisation
At the start of the year (2,580) (15,145) (2,602) 3,378) (1,819) (25,524)
Charge for the year - (3,269) 281) (775) - (4,325)
Exchange difference 24 37 - 8 - 69
At the end of the year - total | (2,556) (18,377) (2,883) (4,145) (1,819) (29,780)'
Net book value I = 19,332 505 4,925 att 25,073 | .

alphafme.com



===== page 134 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 131

As at 31 March 2023

Capitalised
Order Customer Intellectual Trade development
backlog relationships property name costs Total
£000 £000 £000 £000 £'000 £'000
Cost
At the start of the year 2,192 35,652 3,388 8,982 1,819 52,033
Additions 319 - - - - 319
Exchange difference 69 553 - 138 - 760
At the end of the year — total 2,580 36,205 3,388 9,120 1,819 53,112
Amortisation
At the start of the year (2,072) (12,083) 2,141) 771) (1,633) (20,700)
Charge for the year (468) (3,044) (461) (603) (188) (4,762)
Exchange difference (40) (18) - (4) - (62)
At the end of the yéar - total (2,580) (15,145) (2,602) (3.378) (1,819) (25,524)

Net book value - 21,060 786 5,742 - 27,588

Customer relationships

Customer relationships at the start of the year represent the total of the fair value at the acquisition dates of the customer relationships.
that were owned by, but not previously recognised as assets of, Alpha FMC Group Holdings Ltd in FY 16, TrackTwo GmbH in FY 18,
Obsidian Solutions Ltd and Axxsys Ltd in FY 20 and Lionpoint Holdings, Inc. in FY 22.

Additions in the year of £1.7m to customer relationships relate to the acquisition by the Group of Shoreline Consulting Pty Ltd,
Shoreline Consolidated Pty Ltd and their subsidiaries.

The fair value has been determined by applying the multi-period excess earnings method to the cash flows expected to be earned from
customer relationships. The key management assumptions are around forecast revenues, operating margins and discount factors. The
value is given by the present value of the earnings the customer relationships generate, net of a reasonable return on other assets also
contributing to that stream of earnings (contributory asset charges).

Auseful economic life of 412 years has been deemed appropriate based on the average realisation rate of cumulative cash flows and
benchmarked data for each respective acquisition. Projected cash flows have been discounted over this period. The amortisation
charge is recognised in administration expenses within the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

Intellectual property .
Intellectual property at the start of the year represents the fair value at the 3 February 2016 acquisition date of the intellectual property

which was.owned by, but not previously recognised as assets of, Alpha FMC Group Holdings Ltd, intellectual property acquired as part
of the TrackTwo GmbH acquisition in FY 18, and those acquired on the acquisition of Axxsys Ltd and Obsidian Solutions Ltd in FY 20.

The fair value has been determined by applying the relief from royalty method to the cash flows earned from the intellectual property.
The key management assumptions are around growth forecasts, discount factors and royalty percentage utilised. A useful economic life
of seven years has been deemed appropriate based on previous acquisitions and benchmarking data. Projected cash flows have been
discounted over this period. The amortisation charge is recognised in administration expenses within the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income. . . . .

. Trade name

Trade name intangible assets at the start of the year represent the fair value at the 3 February 2016 acquisition date of the trade name,
which was owned by, but not previously recognised as an asset of, Alpha FMC Group Holdings Ltd, and those acquired on the
acquisition of Axxsys Ltd and Obsidian Solutions Ltd in FY 20 and Lionpoint Holdings, Inc. in FY 22.

The fair value has been determined by applying the relief from royalty method to the cash flows earned from the trade name. The key
management assumptions are around growth forecasts, discount factors and royalty percentage utilised. A useful economic life of 4-15
years has been deemed appropriate based on previous acquisitions and benchmarking data. Projected cash flows have been discounted
over this period. The amortisation charge is recognised in administration expenses within the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

alphafme.com

z
5
3
5
8
=
2
PS
3
3
3
2
a



===== page 135 =====
132 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued .

12. Goodwill and intangible fixed assets continued

Capitalised development costs

Capitalised development costs represent the costs incurred in the development of Aiviq's client data and analytics software platform.
Additions of £0.3m in the year relate to capitalised expenditure by Aiviq in March 2024.

The remaining useful lives at 31 March 2024 of each of the respective asset classes acquired on acquisition above are summarised in
the table below.

Capitalised
Customer _ Intellectual development
relationships property Trade name costs
Acquired entity (years) (years) (years) (years)
Alpha FMC Group Holdings 3.8 - 68 -j
‘TrackTwo GmbH 43 0.3 - -
Axxsys - UK 62 - 10 -
‘Axxsys - North America/Nordics 72 - 1.0 -
Obsidian Solutions - 26 - -
Lionpoint - UK 9.2 - 3.5 -
Lionpoint - North America 9.2 - 3.5 -
Lionpoint - Europe & APAC 8.2 - 3.5 -
Shoreline - Europe & APAC 104 - - -
Aiviq - UK - - - 3.0

The Group reviews the remaining useful lives of its intangible assets on at least an annual basis. During the year, the remaining useful
lives of certain customer relationship and trade name intangible assets were shortened to best reflect the Group's expected usage of
these assets going forward. These revisions did not have a material effect on the amortisation charge in the year and are not expected
to have a material effect on the annual amortisation charge in future years.

13. Acquisition of businesses

Acquisitions in the year

Shoreline

On 1 May 2023, the Group reached an agreement to acquire 100% of the issued share capital of Shoreline Consulting Pty Ltd and
Shoreline Consolidated Pty Ltd and its subsidiaries (together, “Shoreline”), a boutique consultancy that provides services to the asset
and wealth management sector in APAC, on a cash free, debt free basis. The Directors consider that the acquisition enables Alpha to
reinforce our position and take advantage of opportunities in the APAC region.

The maximum potential cash consideration payable by the Group pursuant to the acquisition agreement was AUD 13.0m (£6.8m),
allocated between AUD 8.0m (£4.2m) non-contingent cash consideration and a contingent earn-out structure up to a maximum of
AUD 5.0m (£2.6m), payable in several instalments.

Subsequent to the acquisition date, in light of market conditions and performance, an agreement with the founders was reached to
modify the terms of the earn-out agreement. This agreement has reduced the maximum amount of earn-out consideration available from
AUD 5.0m (£2.6m) to AUD 3.1m (£1.6m) with modified earn-out targets, payable in July 2026, 2027 and 2028.

The fair value of consideration recognised on the date of acquisition, excluding employment linked amounts, amounted to AUD 8.2m.
{£4.3m), of which AUD 4.5m (£2.4m) relates to initial cash consideration paid, AUD 0.2m (£0.1m) relates to additional amounts paid

in the year in relation to completion working capital, AUD 2.4m (£1.2m) relates to deferred consideration, and AUD 1.1m (£0.6m) relates
to discounted contingent consideration.

Initial consideration was funded from the Group's cash reserves, with any remaining deferred and contingent consideration amounts
expected to be settled in cash, with the option to settle a portion of the deferred amounts in the Group’s ordinary shares.

alphafme.com



===== page 136 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 133

A summary of the purchase consideration, net assets acquired, identifiable intangible assets and goodwill is set out below. These fair

values are determined by using established estimation techniques such as income-based discounted cash flow models.

Fair value Values on
Book values adjustments acquisition
Shoreline £000 £000 £000
Acquiree's net assets at the acquisition date:
Customer relationships - 1,729 1,729
Trade and other receivables + 768 - 768
Cash and cash equivalents 92 - 92
Trade and other payables (636) - (636)
Deferred tax asset/liability) 54 (432) (378);
Net identifiable assets acquired ! 278 1,297 1,875 |
Cash consideration relating to business combination I 4,286 |
Goodwill on acquisition (see note 12) ] 2,711 |

Of the total maximum potential amounts payable, £0.9m was classified as employment-linked because these payments are conditional
on the continuing employment of certain Shoreline employees. These employment-linked acquisition payments are expensed through
profit or loss proportionately until the relevant payment date, based on the amounts expected to be paid, taking into consideration
expected performance against earn-out targets. During the year, the Group has expensed £0.3m in relation to these employment-linked

payments through the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, with £0.1m paid in the year.

Deferred and contingent consideration is discounted to fair value. Discount unwinding is recognised as a finance expense proportionately
across the periods until final payment. During the year, £0.1m of discount unwinding was expensed as a non-underlying finance cost in

relation to the Shoreline acquisition consideration

A fair value adjustment of £0.1m was recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income at 31 March 2024 to reflect

the modified earn-out agreement and revised payment timings described above.

As consideration for the acquisition of Shoreline is payable in Australian dollars, foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised at
each reporting date in relation to translating these liabilities into pound sterling. In the period, the Group recognised a small foreign

exchange gain through other comprehensive income in relation to the re-translation of these liabilities.
As at 31 March 2024, a £2.1m liability is recorded, of which £0.9m is current and £1.2m is non-current.

Shoreline contributed £2.3m to the Group's revenue in the year and had an immaterial impact on the Group's profit after tax for the year from
the date of acquisition to 31 March 2024. If the acquisition of Shoreline had been completed on 1 April 2023, Group revenues for the
year would have been £235.7m with an immaterial impact on the Group profits after tax, without adjustment to amortisation assumptions.

Acquisition and integration costs of £0.3m relatéd to the Shoreline acquisition are included within administration expenses as detailed

in note 4.

alphatme.com

zx
F)
3
3
to}
s
g
2
Fo
3
Fa
2
a



===== page 137 =====
134 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

13. Acquisition of businesses continued

Acquisitions in previous years

Lionpoint

As at 31 March 2023, the Group held a liability of £24.9m in relation to future deferred and contingent consideration payable for this acquisition.

Employment-linked acquisition payments are expensed through the income statement proportionately until FY 26, During the year, the
Group has expensed £0.8m in relation to these employment-linked payments.

The deferred and contingent consideration is discounted to fair value. Discount unwinding is recognised as a finance cost proportionately
across the periods until final payment. During the year, £1.5m of discount unwinding was expensed as a non-underlying finance cost in
relation to the Lionpoint acquisition consideration.

During the year, the Group made deferred and contingent Lionpoint acquisition payments totalling £16.3m. Of these payments, £1.7m
relates to employment-linked consideration, and is presented within cash from operating activities, with the remaining £14.6m presented
within cash used in investing activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows.

As consideration for the acquisition of Lionpoint is payable in US dollars, foreign exchange differences are recognised at each reporting
date in relation to translating these liabilities into pound sterling. In the year, the Group recognised a foreign exchange profit of £0.5m in
relation to the re-translation of these liabilities.

As at 31 March 2024, a £10.4m liability is recorded, of which £10.1m is current and £0.3m is non-current.
The below table summarises the movements in the deferred and contingent consideration liabilities to 31 March 2024:

Shoreline Lionpoint Total
£'000 £000 £'000

Balance as at 1 April 2023 = 24,949 24,949
Additions 1,824 r 1,824 |
Employment-linked consideration : 318 817 1435
Payments in the year‘ ~ 67) (16,328) (16,385)
Unwinding of discounting 127 4,494 4,621
Fair value adjustment (72) - (72)
Foreign exchange gains { (36) (522) 650)!
Balance as at 31 March 2024 | 2,104 10,410 12,514 |
Represented by: i}
Current 883 10,070 10,953
Non-current H 1,221 340 1,561 |
Balance as at 31 March 2024 ! 2,104 10,410 12,514 !

As at 31 March 2024, the Group held a total liability of £12.5m in relation to future deferred and contingent consideration payable for
acquisitions. Of this liability at the balance sheet date, £2.4m relates to deferred consideration and the remaining £10.1m relates to
contingent consideration. Within these deferred and contingent consideration liabilities, £1.9m relates to employment-linked amounts.

The fair value of acquisition earn-outs is no longer considered to be an area of significant, estimation uncertainty given proximity to and
more certainty around the Lionpoint final earn-out payment. The fair value of the earn-out liability held in relation of Shoreline is also not
considered to have a material level of estimation uncertainty to the value of the liability held at 31 March 2024.

45 Deferred and contingent acquisition payments of £16.4m includes £1.8m of employment-linked consideration, which is reported in nel cash generated from operating activites in the
‘consolidated statement of cash flows. Additionally, acquisition payments reported within cash flows from investing activites in the consokdated statement of cash flows includes £2.4m
paid upon completion of the acquisition of Shoreline, nel of cash acquired, which is rot included inthe table above.

alphafme.com



===== page 138 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 135

14. Property, plant and equipment

Leasehold Fixtures Computer
improvements and fittings equipment Total
£'000 £000 £7000 £7000
Cost
As at 1 April 2022 - 241 232 2,311 2,784
Additions - 87 773 860
Disposals © (42) (281) (329)
Exchange difference 3 6 38 47
As at 31 March 2023 238 283 2,841 3,362
Additions - 1. 498 509
Disposals (237) (139) (998) (1,374)
Exchange difference O) @ (26) (30)}
As at 31 March 2024 i 5 152 2,315 2,467 |
Depreciation 7
As at 1 April 2022 210) (197) (1,871) se)
Charge for the year (35) (17) (492) 64a)
Disposals 6 42 256 304 g
Exchange difference 1 4 (28) (31) 3
As at 31 March 2023 (238) (176) (1,835) 224)
Charge for the year = (60) (608) (638)!
Disposals 237 139 974 1,350
Exchange difference 1 2 “4 7
As at 31 March 2024 i = (65) (1,455) (1,520)/
Net book value as at 31 March 2024 1 = 87 860 947 |
Net book value as at 31 March 2023 - 107 1,006 1,113
15. Trade and other receivables
FY 24 FY 23
£'000 £'000
Amounts due within one year:
Trade receivables | 34,190 26,781
Less: allowance for expected credit losses (685) (657)
Trade receivables - net . 33,505 26,124
Other receivables 1,080 1,194
Capitalised contract fulfilment costs ; . 753 1,101
Prepayments 2,478 1,999
Accrued income 4,369 3,710
Total amounts due within one year 1 42,185 | 34,128

Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and generally have a 30- to 60-day term. Due to their short maturities, the carrying amount
of trade and other receivables is a reasonable approximation of their fair value. Trade receivables have increased in the year through the
ongoing growth of the business with higher debtor days at 53 days (FY 23: 43 days) against ‘strong collections in the prior year.

An expected credit loss attributable to trade receivables is established after consideration of historical loss rates in preceding periods
and relevant forward-looking factors. The Group has determined historical loss rates for each ageing category of trade receivables by
Performing an in-depth analysis of historical losses in conjunction with other factors in key Alpha territories.

The Group has considered a number of factors in determining appropriate expected credit loss rates, including macro-economic factors
and asset-specific indicators such as customer correspondence, default or delinquency in payment and significant financial difficulties
of the customer.

alphafme.com



===== page 139 =====
|
|

136 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

15. Trade and other receivables continued

Expected Gross carrying Loss
toss rate amount allowance
As at 31 March 2024 to £000 £'000
Not overdue 1.30% 20,917 271) 20,646 |
Overdue 1-30 days 2.23% 10,600 (236) 10,364
Overdue 31-60 days 3.32% 1,444 (48) 1,396
Overdue 61-90 days . 7.30% 573 (42) 531
Overdue 90+ days 13.45% 656 (88) 568
As at 31 March 2024 | 34,190 (685) 33,505 |
Expected Gross carrying Loss Net carrying
loss rate amount allowance amount
As at 31 March 2023, % £000 £000 £7000
Not overdue 1.98% 19,295 (382) 18,913
Overdue 1-30 days 3.15% 6,652 (209) 6,443
Overdue 31-60 days 5.01% 602 (30) 872
Overdue 61-90 days 10.82% 69 (7) 62
Overdue 90+ days 17.60% 163 (29) 134
As at 31 March 2023 26,781 (657) 26,124

Capitalised contract fulfilment costs comprise amounts incurred in relation to unsatisfied performance obligations on fixed-fee milestone
projects, and non-distinct software implementation costs incurred in advance of the commencement of the client’s licence period on
Aiviq contracts. As at 31 March 2024, total capitalised contract fulfilment costs were £0.8m (FY 23: £1.2m), of which £0.1m (FY 23: £0.1m)
was presented within non-current assets on the face of the consolidated statement of financial position. These costs are recognised in
the consolidated statement of comprehensive income at the point of revenue recognition for fixed-fee milestone projects or are amortised
to the consolidated income statement over the licence period for non-distinct software implementation costs. An expense of £1.im

(FY 23: £1.5m) has been recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income in relation to capitalised contract fulfilment
costs. No significant judgements have been made in determining the.amount of costs to be capitalised, which primarily comprise costs
within scope of IAS 19 Employee Benefits.

Contract receivables are recognised in accrued income and relate to satisfied performance obligations recognised and not invoiced at
the year end. All such contract receivables are expected to be realised within one year and are classified within current assets, Contract
receivables are recorded on a time spent basis and as performance obligations are met on agreed fees and day rates, billed in arrears.
These are typically short-term timing differences that are administrative in nature at each reporting date. Contract receivable payments
are due on standard terms once the.invoices are raised. The contract receivables movement in the year represents these timing
differences across respective contract deliverables at each year end,

The expected credit loss calculated on accrued income was not material at the current or prior year ends. For analysis of the exposure
to credit risk at 31 March 2024, refer to note 23.

16. Cash and cash equivalents

i yea FY 23

£000 | £000
Cash at bank | 29,392 | 59,215
Cash and cash equivalents i 29,392 [ 59,215

All cash and cash equivalents held by the Group are available for use by the Group with no restrictions.

alphafme.com



===== page 140 =====
~T

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 137

17. Trade and other payables

{ FY 24} FY 23
Note £70001 £000

Trade payables 4,400 5,156
Accruals : 18,929 29,880
Deferred income 1,756 796
Social security tax on share options : 22 2,075 1,669
Taxation and social security , 5,731 4,734
Other payables 2,529 2,277
Earn-out and deferred consideration . 13 10,953 16,027
Total amounts owed within one year 1 46,373| 60,539

Trade payables comprise amounts outstanding for trade purchases and ongoing costs. The Directors consider that the carrying amount
of trade and other payables is a reasonable approximation of their fair value. The Group's trade payables payment policy is to provide
payment within the agreed terms, which is generally 30 days from the date of receipt of invoice.

The decrease in accruals reflects the payment in the year of both the FY 23 profit share and the second tranche of deferred FY 22
payments, as well as a lower performance-adjusted bonus accrual amounts for FY 24.

The earn-out and deferred consideration liability comprises the amounts due within one year relating to the Lionpoint and Shoreline
acquisitions. Refer to note 13 for further detail.

Deferred income recognises contract liabilities arising from the Group's revenue-generating activities relating to payments received

in advance of performance delivered under a contract. These contract liabilities typically arise on short-term timing differences
between performance obligations in some milestone or fixed-fee contracts and their respective contracted payment schedules.

The contract liability movement in the year represents these timing differences across contracts at each year end. The following table
‘sets out the revenue recognised in the current year that relates to carry-forward contract liabilities, and the current and non-current
liabilities recognised in the current year that have been deferred to future reporting periods. All current deferred income is expected
to be recognised through revenue within one year. Movements in the year predominantly relate to the underlying operations of

the business, and no material contract liabilities were recognised in relation to changes in estimates or contract modifications.

There were no contract modifications in the year that resulted in the recognition of revenue from performance obligations satisfied

in previous periods.
} . Fy2a
Note £000

Contract liabilities at the start of the year 1719 4,009 2,098
Foreign exchange movements . : (23) 104
Contract liabilities recognised in revenue during the year : (73) ° (1,969)
Increase in contract liabilities during the year 1,699 776
Balance at the end of the year 17,19 | 1,912 | 1,009

Unperformed balances shown in the table below, represent the revenue that the Group will earn from customers when the Group

._ Satisfies the remaining performance obligations in certain contracts. These mainly relate to Aiviq's multi-year software licence contracts

that range between one and five years, in which software access revenue is recognised over the access period.

The following table sets out the aggregate amount of the contracted transaction price allocated to performance obligations that are
unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied at the year-end date: Unperformed balances relating to contracts with an expected original life of less
than one year are not disclosed. Similarly, the Group has adopted the practical expedient not to disclose amounts under longer-term
contracts in which the revenue is to be invoiced on agreed day rates. Revenue from unperformed performance obligations is expected

to be recognised in the following timeframes:
FY 24 | FY 23
£000 £'000

To be undertaken and recognised within one year + 2,589 | 1,373
To be undertaken and recognised between one and three years 3,337 2,257
To be undertaken and recognised after three years 2.30 | 1,614
Total unperformed performance obligations 1 8,236 [ 5,244.

alphatme.com

2
3
B
5
2
2
ES
iy
3
a
2



===== page 141 =====
138 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued-

Social security
and sales Legal and
tax provisions other provisions Total
£'000 00K £'000
Balance as at 1 April 2023 2,876 450 3,326
Utilised - - -
Released 378) (108) (486)
Additional provisions 504 - 504
Foreign exchange movements. (35) a) (6);
Balance as at 31 March 2024 It 2,967 341 3,308

Within social security tax and sales tax provisions is a £1.4m (FY 23: £1.4m) provision relating to historical pre-AlM admission potential
tax treatments and an additional £1.1m (FY 23: £1.5m) relating to further potential social security tax exposures. An amount of £0.5m
has been provided for in the year relating to US sales taxes, following an internal review. The amount and timing of these social security
and sales tax provisions are subject to uncertainty. A final position agreed with a tax authority or through the expiry of a tax audit period
could differ from the estimated provision.

Legal and other provisions comprise £0.1m (FY 23: £0.3m) of dilapidation provisions in respect of the Group's leased offices and £0.2m
(FY 23: £0.2m) relating to ongoing legal claims. The legal and other provisions at 31 March 2024 represents the most probable outcome
of these claims at the balance sheet date.

Given the uncertainty, a range of outcomes is possible in relation to these provisions. The Directors consider the cash outflows in
relation to recognised provisions could reasonably range between £1.4m and £6.6m.
FY 26 | FY 23
Note £000 | £000

19. Other non-current liabilities

Earn-out and deferred consideration 13 1,561 | 8,922
Deferred income 156 | 213
Social security tax on share options . 22 1,432 ' 1,640 -
Other non-current liabilities : = 625
Total amounts owed after one year | 3,149 | 11,400

Earn-out and deferred consideration relates to future deferred and contingent earn-out payments to be made for the acquisition of
Lionpoint and Shoreline. Given the passage of time, the third Lionpoint deferred and contingent consideration payments now fall due
within 12 months from the balance sheet date. Refer to note 13 for further detail.

Deferred income recognises contract liabilities arising from the Group's revenue-generating activities relating to payments received in
advance of performance delivered under a contract. Deferred income recognised as non-current entirely relates to contracts held within
the Aiviq business, where revenue is sometimes recognised over a contractual licence period of greater than one year. For further
details refer to note 17.

Other non-current liabilities tell to nil in the year as the remaining deferred element of FY 23 bonuses for certain directors and senior
management globally now falls due within 12 months from the reporting date.

alphafme.com



===== page 142 =====
—

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 139

20. Note to the cash flow statement

Non-cash changes

Lease
accounting
1 April additions & Other Foreign ‘31 March
2023 Cashflow modifications changes exchange 2024
£'000 £000 £'000 £000 £'000 £'000
Cash and cash equivalents 59,215 (28,771) - - (1,052) 29,392
Bank borrowings : - - - - - -
Net cash 59,215 | (28,771) - - (1,052) 29,392 |
Less: cash and cash equivalents (69,215) 28,771 - - 1,052 (29,392)
Leases (4,161)| 2,297 (464) (305) 73 (2,560)
Interest and bank loan fees . - 1,254 - (1,284) - -i
Liabilities arising from financing (4,161)| 3,551 (464) (1,559) 73 (2,560)| |
Non-cash changes nm
Lease FA
accounting 3
1 April additions & Other Foreign 31 March $
2022 Cash flow modifications changes exchange 2023 oO
£'000 £7000 £’000 £000 £000 £000 s
Cash and cash equivalents 63,516 (7,323) - - 3,022 sos
Bank borrowings - = = - - -
Net cash 63,516 (7,323) = - 3,022 59215
Less: cash and cash equivalents (63,516) 7,323 = - (3,022) (69,215)
Leases . (2,409) 1,531 (2,854) (216) (213) (4.161)
Interest and bank loan fees - 482 - (482) i: -
Liabilities arising from financing (2,409) 2,013 (2,854) (698) (213) (4,161)
21. Called up share capital
FY 24 FY 23
Number Number
Allotted, called up and fully paid
Ordinary 0.075p shares (1 vote per share) 122,009,736 | 120,509,736
- , FY 24 FY 23
£ | £
Allotted, called up and fully paid
Ordinary 0.075p shares (1 vote per share) 91,507 90,382
Movements in share capital during the year ended 31 March 2024:
£
Balance as at 1 April 2023 : 90,382
120,509,736 ordinary shares of 0.075p each a
Issued shares . a} 4,125 |
Balance as at 31 March 2024 | 91,507 '
122,009,736 ordinary shares of 0.075p each .
(During the year, a total of 1,500,000 ordinary shares were issued by the Group, all of which were issued to the employee benefit
trust ("EBT") for future satisfaction of share option awards.

alphafme.com



===== page 143 =====
140 = Annuai Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

21. Called up share capital continued

Alpha employee benefit trust

The Group held 7,537,366 (FY 23: 6,274,380) shares in the EBT, comprising shares held to satisfy share options granted under its joint
share ownership plan (‘JSOP”) or unallocated ordinary shares to satisfy share options granted under the Group’s other share option
plans. The EBT has waived all dividend and voting rights in respect of these shares. Therefore, the number of shares with exercisable
voting rights at 31 March 2024 was 114,472,370 (FY 23: 114,235,356).

During the year, 1,500,000 ordinary shares were transferred by the Company to the EBT for potential future satisfaction of share
incentive plans through the issuance of new shares at nominal value. Further, the EBT purchased a total of 1,035,154 shares from
the market in the year for a total of £3.8m, which was funded by the Group and is accounted for as a deduction from other reserves.

In the year, 1,272,168 shares held in the EBT were utilised for employee share option exercises.

Treasury shares
The Group held nil (FY 23: nil) shares in treasury.

22. Share-based payments

The Group has adopted a globally consistent share incentive plan approach, which is implemented using efficient jurisdiction specific
plans, as appropriate.

The management incentive plan

The Group has a management incentive pian (“MIP”) to retain and incentivise directors and senior management. The MIP consists of
four parts: part A of which will enable the granting of enterprise management incentive and non-tax advantaged options to acquire
shares; part B of which will enable the awarding of SOPs; part C of which will enable the awarding of restricted stock units (“RSUs")
for participants in the US; and part D of which will enable the awarding of RSUs in France (together the “options”).

In prior years, the majority of options granted to certain directors and senior management of the Group were subject to the fulfilment
of three or more of the following performance conditions: (a) the Group achieving adjusted EPS growth of 15.0% or more to trigger a
maximum award, or 10.0% to trigger a 66% award, with a linear application of awards between these levels; () the Group achieving
a.total shareholder return (“TSR”) over three years in excess of the mean TSR delivered by a peer group of comparable companies;
(©) personal adherence to corporate values and risk policy; and (d) specific business unit EBITDA, or other personal targets and goals.

As disclosed last year, the Remuneration Committee approved performance conditions for FY 23 awards, which further modified the
adjusted EPS growth range set out above to reflect the growth of the Group since AIM admission. The criteria for these share incentive
awards to certain directors and senior management of the Group, depending on the individual and their role, include: (a) the Group
achieving adjusted EPS growth of 11.25% or more to trigger a maximum award, or 7.5% to trigger a 66% award, with a linear application
of awards between these levels; (b) personal adherence to corporate values and risk policy; and (c) specific business unit EBITDA,

or other personal targets and goals. These criteria were also applied to FY 24 awards granted in the year.

Awards to senior management also contain a market condition requiring the Group to achieve a TSR over three years in excess of the
mean TSR delivered by a peer group of comparable companies.

MIP awards have either nominal or minimal exercise price payable in order to acquire shares pursuant to options. MIP awards have
either three- or four-year vesting periods from the date of grant and are usually equity settled.

The employee incentive plan
In addition to the MIP, the Board has previously put in place a medium-term employee incentive plan ("EIP”). Under the EIP, a broad
base of the Group's employees has been granted share options or share awards over a small number of shares. The EIP is structured
as is most appropriate under the local tax, legal and regulatory rules in the key jurisdictions and therefore varies between those
jurisdictions. No EIP awards were made in the current or prior years.

Movements in the year

During the year ended 31 March 2024, a total of 2,805,590 share option and award grants were made to employees and senior management
(FY 23: 3,153,014). The weighted average of the estimated fair values of these options awarded in the year is £3.23 per share (FY 23: £3.14).

During the year 3,231,673 MIP and EIP awards vested following the satisfaction of performance conditions. The performance conditions
relating to EPS growth and total shareholder return exceeding a basket of comparable companies over three years to the vesting date
were met in full and the relevant local regional or individual budgetary performance concitions were met in full or part, in their respective -
year of grant. Of these vested awards, 1,148,787 have been exercised, with a further 229,798 awards that vested in previous periods

also exercised in the year. Of these total 1,378,585 options exercised, the Group settled 1,272,168 through shares transferred from the
Group's EBT, with a further 106,417 options retained for net tax settlement. The weighted average share price at the date of these
exercises was £3.80.

alphafme.com



===== page 144 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 141

During the year, 195,201 share options were forfeited or as a result of leavers before vesting.

Of the 2,129,394 share options exercisable at the year end, 2,082,886 share options vested in the year. The remaining vested award
holders have a further six to seven-year period, from the date of vesting, in which to exercise their vested awards.

Details of the share option awards made are as follows:

FY 24

Number

Outstanding at the beginning of the year 9,996,040.

Granted during the year 2,805,590

Exercised during the year (1,378,585)

Forfeited during the year (195,201)

Expired during the year -
Outstanding at the year end | 11,227,844 |
Exercisable at the year end 1 2,129,394 |

The weighted average exercise price for all options outstanding in both the current and prior years was nominal, The options
outstanding as at 31 March 2024 had a weighted average remaining contractual life of 1.2 years (FY 23: 1.7 years).

During the year ended 31 March 2024, options were granted in July 2023 and January 2024 to certain employees and senior management.

MIP share options with an external market condition were valued at award using the Monte Carlo option pricing model. The model
simulates a variety of possible results, across 10,000 iterations for each of the options, by substituting a range of values for any factor
that has inherent uncertainty over a number of scenarios using a different set of random values from the probability functions. The model
takes any market-based performance conditions into account and adjusts the fair value of the options based on the likelinood of meeting
the stated vesting conditions.

2
3
3
3
fo}
Es
2
ES
s
3
2
2
a

MIP share options without external market conditions and EIP share options were valued at award using a Black-Scholes model.

[~Fv28 |

The inputs to these models in the period were as follows:

Weighted average share price at grant date £3.98
Exercise price Nominal
* Volatility _ 26.42%
Weighted average share option life . 4 years
Risk free rate ; 4.93%

Expected dividend yield . ” . 3.00% }>

Volatility is calculated based on the relative rate at which Alpha's share price moves up and down. It is derived from calculating the
annualised standard deviation of the daily changes in share price. The expected expense calculated in the model as been adjusted,
based on management's best estimate, for the effects of non-market-based performance conditions and empioyee attrition.

The Group recognised a total expense of £7.3m (FY 23: £8.0m) in the current year, comprising £6.7m (FY 23: £7.0m) in relation to
equity-settled share-based payments, and £0.6m (FY 23: £1.0m) relating to relevant social security taxes.

Given the more challenging market environment and the Group's performance in FY 24, in April 2024, the Remuneration Committee
considered the vesting of FY 24 awards to Executive Directors and senior management of the Group. It was determined that the overail
vesting levels of the FY 24 share options awards would be significantly lower than FY 23, This has been reflected in the calculation of the
share-based payment charge in the year as well as the associated social security costs. Refer to the Remuneration Committee report on
P. 85 for further details.

The combined carrying value of current and non-current liabilities relating to social security tax on share options as at 31 March 2024

is £3.5m (FY 23: £3.3m) of which £2.1m was current and £1.4m was non-current. A £0.6m charge was recognised in the consolidated
‘statement of comprehensive income in the year, offset by £0.4m of payments. Assumptions associated with the calculation of the social
security tax liability due on vesting of share options include an estimation of the forward-looking share price at the vesting date based
‘on analyst research and applicable future tax rates. For these purposes, the share price is updated at each reporting period to reflect
historical trends, and is assumed to grow in line with the estimated future performance of the business.

If the estimated future share price assumption were to increase by 30%, the social security costs in the period would increase by £0.4m.
Were the share price assumption to reduce by 30% the charge would reduce by £0.4m.

If the estimated number of share options expected to forfeit annually were to decrease by 3% for all outstanding share options, the
share-based payment charge in the year would increase by £0.7m. If estimated annual forfeits were to increase by 3%, the charge .
in the year would reduce by £0.7m.,

alphafme.com



===== page 145 =====
142 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

23. Financial instruments
Carrying amount of financial instruments
The carrying amounts of the financial assets and liabilities include:

FY 24 28 | FY 23
£'000 £'000

Financial assets measured at amortised cost |
Cash and cash equivalents 29; 392) 59,215
Trade and other receivables @) 38,954 | 31,028
Total financial assets measured at amortised cost 68,346 | 90,243

Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
esese 7319)

Trade and other payables (i)
Other non-current liabilities (i) - (625)

Total financial liabilities measured at amortised cost (28,418)! (42,099)

|
Lease liabilities | (2,560) | (4,161)
|
|
Financial liabilities measured at fair value |
4

Earn-out and deferred consideration (12,514) (24,949)
Derivative financial liabilities 1); =
Total financial liabilities measured at fair value 1 (12,535) | (24,949)

i) Trade and other receivables (note 15) as presented in the table above exclude capitalised contract fulfilment costs and prepayments
as these are non-financial assets.

ii) Trade and other payables (note 17) and other non-current liabilities (note 19) in the table above exclude deferred income, social
security tax on share options, and taxation and other social security as these are non-financial liabilities. Earn-out and deferred
consideration liabilities are presented as a separate line item in the table above.

The book value of the financial instruments is deemed to be approximate to fair value. There has been no impairment loss recognised in
the current or prior years in respect of financial assets. «

The Group's financial instruments comprise cash and cash equivalents, items such as trade payables and trade receivables that arise
directly from its operations, and bank borrowings. These financial instruments arise in the ordinary course of business and their main
purpose is to provide finance for the Group's operations.

The Group's operations expose it to a variety of financial risks including market risk, credit risk, liquidity risk, interest rate risk and foreign
currency exchange rate risk. The Board has overall responsibility for internal contro! and risk management by the Group. In this structure,
the Audit and Risk Committee manages the processes of reviewing the quality of internal controls that are related to the financial
performance of the Group, as delegated by the Board. The policies set by the Board of Directors are implemented by the Company's
finance team.

Market risk
Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, including foreign exchange and interest rates, will affect the Group's income or
the value of financial instruments held at the year end. The Directors do not consider this to be a significant risk to the Group.

Inflation risk is the risk that the increased rate of inflation in the market will have a material impact on the Group's forecasted cash flows.
The Group has therefore considered current and plausible inflation levels when forecasting future cash flows. The Group does not believe
that inflationary pressures represent a material risk to the Group's financial position at the balance sheet date.

alphatme.com



===== page 146 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 143

Credit risk

The Group's credit risk is primarily attrioutable to potential default on its trade receivables. The Group considers a default to have
‘occurred when a balance is over 90 days overdue and there is no realistic prospect of payment. The Group has policies that require
appropriate credit checks on potential customers before sales are made.

The Group has provided for a lifetime expected credit loss against the trade receivables balance at the balance sheet date. The likelihood
of default is assessed by reference to the ageing category of the receivables. Refer to note 15 for further details, Were the expected
credit loss rates applied to receivables by the Group to increase by 1% for each ageing category, the resulting additional credit loss to
the Group would be £0.3m.

Interest rate risk

The Group has interest-bearing assets and liabilities. Interest-bearing assets comprise only cash and cash equivalents that earn interest
at a variable rate. The Group's revolving credit facility incurs a variable rate of interest.

If the variable interest rate applicable to the Group's revolving credit facility had been 500 bps higher in the year ended 31 March 2024,
finance expenses would have increased by £0.3m.

Liquidity risk ,
The Group maintains a committed RCF alongside its cash balances, designed to ensure that it has sufficient available funds for operations
and planned expansions. The Group monitors its levels of working capital to ensure that it can meet its liabilities as they fall due.

The concentration of liquidity risk is primarily around acquisition-related payments the Group is committed to make over the next several
years. The Group's cash and RCF facility are expected to be more than sufficient to cover these liabilities as they fall due. Refer to
Note 13 for further detail of these acquisition liabilities.

The Group's current trade payables, accruals and other payables totalling £25.9m are expected to be paid within six months of the

_ balance sheet date. Of the gross undiscounted amounts payable in relation to earn-out and deferred consideration, £11.3m is expected
to be paid within six months of the balance sheet date, £1.1m is expected to be paid between 12 and 18 months of the balance sheet
date, with the remainder of £1.0m to be paid across FY 27, FY 28 and FY 29. A separate maturity analysis of the Group's lease liabilities
is disclosed in note 7.

Financial risk and fair value measurement
The Group is liable for contingent earn-out payments on the acquisition of Lionpoint and Shoreline and, as at 31 March 2024, holds a

liability that represents the fair value of amounts that may become payable. The disclosures below exclude amounts classified as
employment-linked.

The fair value is determined by estimating the expected payment, discounted to present value using a risk-adjusted discount rate.

The expected payment is determined separately in respect of each earn-out agreement, taking into consideration the expected level of
financial performance of each acquisition against agreed contractual earn-out terms. An undiscounted expected payment of $11.2m
{£8.9m) has been discounted at 4.2% relating to outstanding contingent consideration on the Lionpoint acquisition, which is payable in
FY 25. A further AUD 2.0m (£1.0m) of contingent consideration relating to the Shoreline acquisition has been discounted at 15.9%,
falling due across the next four years.

The Group has assessed the estimation uncertainty of the liability held in relation to contingent consideration. The fair value of
acquisition earn-outs is no longer considered to be an area of significant estimation uncertainty given proximity to and more certainty
around the final Lionpoint earn-out payment, which is reflected in the lower discount rate used,

The fair value of the earn-out liability held in relation of Shoreline is also not considered to have a material level of estimation uncertainty
given the size of the liability. The Directors consider the undiscounted future contingent consideration payable in respect of the Shoreline
acquisition could reasonably range between Enil and £1.0m.

Foreign currency exchange rate risk
The Group is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk mainly as a result of trade receivables and payables that will be settled in

euros and US dollars, as well as Lionpoint acquisition liabilities that are recorded in US dollars and the Shoreline acquisition liabilities
that are recorded in Australian dollars. The Group uses available currency resources to help mitigate exposures,

During the year, the Group entered into an FX swap derivative contract in order to manage the Group's currency requirements alongside
the foreign exchange exposure arising from the Lionpoint acquisition liabilities denominated in US dollars. The near leg of the swap was
settled in November 2023, with the Group selling $10.0m in return for £7.9m at the prevailing spot rate of 1.26. The far leg of the swap to
be settled in August 2024 requires the Group to sell £7.9m in return for $10.0m at a forward rate of 1.26. The Group has measured this
derivative at fair value through profit and loss, in line with the requirements of IFRS 9, and has not formally designated this derivative to
qualify for hedge accounting. The derivative had a negligible fair value at the balance sheet date.

alphatme.com

z
5
3
5
2.
2
2
FS
ry
3
a
2



===== page 147 =====
144 = Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

23. Financial instruments continued

The impact on the Group's net fee income arising from a 5% adverse movement in all foreign exchange rates relevant to the Group
would be £6.9m (2.9%) in FY 24. The same sensitivity would also result in a decrease in the Group's net assets of £4.5m.

GBP EUR USD CHF SGD NOK DKK AUD CAD RSD HKD AED

FY 24 ‘000000 000-000-000» 000-000-000 000-000-000 = '000
Trade receivables 10,786 4,832 22,209 506 52 - 4289 1,205 107 - - -
Cash 3,566 8,280 9,989 850 2,001 63 9,915 2,665 10,793 9,660 19 -
Trade payables (2,894) (36) (1,192) (111)___(73). - (41) 179) 36) 63) | 24) (60)
Net amount {11,458 12,776 31,006 1,245 1,980 63 14,163 3,691 10,864 9,597 5) __(60)|

GBP EUR. «USD. CHF-_—s SGD. NOK «OKK-- AUD. CAD-—Ss«RSD-—s HKD AED.
FY 23 7000 000-000 *000'— = 000'-S-« 000-000 '000S 00S 00S 000000
Trade receivables 9,192 4,559 13,362 1,344 © 504 5 1,824 1,229 316 - - -
Cash 6,881 11,432 47,344 = 769«1,806 1,368 «= 911. 3,368 = 257 4,513 14 -
Trade payables (2,861) (791) (4,774) (48) @) - (17) 0) 48) 435) 1) -
Net amount 13,212 15,200 58,932 2,065 2,308 1,373 2,718 4,507 525 4,078 2 0 =

24. Capital risk management

The Group's objectives when managing capital are to safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern, provide returns for
shareholders and maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

The Group defines capital as being share capital plus all reserves, which amounted to £148.5m as at 31 March 2024 (FY 23: £149.3m).
The Board of Directors monitors the level of capital as compared to the Group's long-term debt commitments and adjusts the ratio of "
debt to capital as is determined to be necessary, by issuing new shares, reducing or increasing debt, paying dividends and returning
capital to shareholders. The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements.

25. Related party disclosures
Related parties, following the definitions within IAS 24, are the Group’s subsidiary companies, members of the Board, key management
personnel and their families, and shareholders who have control or significant influence over the Group.

The Group considers key management personnel, as defined under IAS 24 Related Party Disclosures, to be the Company's Directors
and certain members of the Group’s senior management team that report into the Group Coordination Committee as detailed on p. 74.
Further disclosures are set out in the Remuneration Committee report on pp 84-94 and in note 5. There were no transactions within the
year in which the Directors had any interest.

Transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries are on an arm's length basis and have been eliminated on consolidation and
are not disclosed in this note. None of the Group’s shareholders are deemed to have control or significant influence and therefore are
not classified as related parties for the purposes of this note. :

26. Ultimate controlling party

As at 31 March 2024 there is no ultimate controlling party of the Group. The largest shareholders in the Group are set out in the
Directors’ Report and are also published at alphafmc.com/investors/aim-rule-26,

27. Events after the reporting period

On 20 June 2024, the Board of Directors announced a recommended cash offer to acquire the Group by Actium Bidco (UK) Limited,
a newly incorporated indirect subsidiary of certain funds managed by Bridgepoint Advisers Limited, which is expected to be implemented
by way of a scheme of arrangement.

alphatme.com



===== page 148 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 145

Company statement of financial position
As at 31 March 2024 : : : .

Asat Asat
: 31 March 2024 |31 March 2023
Note £000 £000
Assets
Non-current assets
Investments 2 70,493 1,344
Deferred tax assets 4 560 4,028
Amounts owed by Group undertakings . . 2} 90,662 165,012
Total non-current assets { 161,715 | 167,384
Current assets
Trade and other receivables 8 398 68
Corporation tax 264 363
Cash and cash equivalents 6 23) 205
Total current assets i 685 | 636
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables 7 (1,987) (14,407)
Total current liabilities 1 (1,957)| (14,407)
Net current liabilities . ] (1,272) (13,771)
Non-current liabilities
Other non-current liabilities 8 26) 67)
Total non-current liabilities | (26)| (87)
Net assets I 160,417 [ 153,556
Equity
Issued share capital 92 90
Share premium 119,438 119,438
Other reserves 16,094 13,946
Retained earnings 24,793 20,082
Total shareholders’ equity | 160,417 | 153,556

As permitted by Section 408 of the Companies Act 2006, a separate statement of comprehensive it income of the Parent Company has

not been presented. The parent Company's profit for the year was £21.0m.

The notes on pp 147-153 form part of these financial statements. These financial statements were approved and authorised for issue

by the Board of Directors on 20 June 2024, They were signed on its behalf by:

lt }

wa
Luc Mu/Baquée Chim C Paton
Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer

Company registered number: 09965297

alphatme.com

Zz
5
Ey
5
2.
2
2
FS
ry
3
2
2
i



===== page 149 =====
146 Annual Report & Accounts 2024 -

Company statement of changes in equity

For the year ended 31 March 2024 —

Issued share Share Other Retained stiarenolders"
capital premium reserves earnings * equity
£'000 £'000 £000 £’000 £'000
As at 1 April 2022. 89 119,438 9,224 17,420 146,171
Comprehensive income
Profit for the year - - - 15,437 15,437
Transactions with owners :
Shares issued (equity) 1 - - 0) -
Share-based payment charge - - 7,023 - 7,023
Net settlement of vested share options - - (343) - (343)
Purchase of own shares by the EBT - - (1,139) - (1,139)
Current tax recognised in equity - - 276 - 276
Deferred tax recognised in equity - - (1,095) - (1,095)
Dividends - - - (12,774) (12,774)
As at 31 March 2023 90 119,438 13,946 20,082 153,556
Comprehensive income 1
Profit for the year | - - - 20,959 20,959
Transactions with owners
Shares issued (equity) | 2 - - @ -
Share-based payment charge - - 6,663, - 6,663,
Net settlement of vested share options - - (457) - (457)
Purchase of own shares by the EBT - - (3,843) - (3,843)
Current tax recognised in equity - - 162 - 162
Deferred tax recognised in equity - - (77) - 77)
Dividends | - - - (16,246) (16,246)
As at 31 March 2024 ; 92 119,438 16,094 24,793 160,417 |

Issued share capital

Issued share capital represents the nominal value of share capital subscribed.

Share premium

The share premium account is used to record the aggregate value of premiums paid when the Company's shares are issued at a

premium, net of associated share issuance costs.

Other reserves

The other reserves represent the cumulative fair value of the IFRS 2 share-based payment charge recognised for the Group each year,
associated current tax, deferred tax and net settlement of vested share options, equity-settled acquisition consideration reserves,
and purchases of the Company's own shares by the employee benefit trust (“EBT”).

Retained earnings -

The retained earnings reserve represents cumulative net profits and losses recognised in the statement of comprehensive income,

less dividends paid.

alphatme.com



===== page 150 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 147

Notes to the Company financial statements

1. Summary of significant accounting policies
General information

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc (the “Company”) is a public company incorporated, domiciled and registered in England,
in the UK. The registered number is 09965297 and the registered address is 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB.

The parent company financial statements present information about the Company as a separate entity and not about the consolidated Group.
Basis of preparation
These financial statements were prepared in accordance with FRS 101.

In preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement and disclosure requirements of
International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS"), but makes amendments where necessary in order to comply with the Companies
Act 2006 and has set out below where advantage of the FRS 101 disclosure exemptions has been taken,

In these financial statements, the Company has applied the exemptions available under FRS 101 in respect of the following disclosures:
— Acash flow statement and related notes;

— Comparative period reconciliations for share capital, tangible fixed assets, intangible assets and investment properties;

— Disclosures in respect of transactions with wholly owned subsidiaries;

— Disclosures in respect of capital management;

— The effects of new but not yet effective IFRS;

— The requirements of paragraphs 17 and 18A of IAS 24 Related Party Disclosures; and

— The requirements in IAS 24 to disclose related party transactions entered into between two or more members of. agroup, provided
that any subsidiary which is a party to the transaction is wholly owned by such a member.

As the consolidated financial statements of the Group include the equivalent disclosures, the ‘Company has also taken the exemptions
under FRS 101 available in respect of the following disclosures:

— The requirements of IFRS 2 Share-Based Payment in respect of Group settled share-based payments; and
— The requirements of IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures.

The Company financial statements are prepared on the historical cost basis. Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale are
Stated at the lower of the carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell.

The presentational currency of these financial statements and the functional currency of the Company is pounds sterling. All amounts
in these financial statements have been rounded to the nearest £1,000.

Going concern

The Directors have, at the time of approving the financial statements, a reasonable expectation that the Company and the Group have
adequate resources to continue in operation for the foreseeable future. For further details please refer to note 1 of the Group's
consolidated financial statements.

Principal accounting p
The accounting policies set out on pp 147-148 have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods presented

S

-in these Company financial statements. .

Significant judgements and estimates
The preparation of financial information in accordance with IFRS requires management to make judgements, estimates and
assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses.

The Directors have made no judgements, excluding those involving estimations, in the process of applying the Company's accounting
policies that are considered to have a significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements for the year ended
31 March 2024.

The Directors consider that there is no material level of estimation uncertainty associated with the Company’s financial statements
at the balance sheet date.
Investments in subsidiaries

Investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost less any provision for impairment. The Company monitors for indicators of impairment
throughout the reporting period, and a full impairment assessment is performed on an annual basis, or more frequently where such
indicators exist.

Common control transactions

The Company applies a book-value method of transferring control of subsidiaries between the Company and its wholly owned
subsidiaries. All entities involved in the transfer are part of a wider economic group, are related parties within the Group, and are
transferred at a value equal to the book value of the investment held relating to the transferred company at the date of transfer.

alphatme.com

z
5
3
5
2.
2
2
FS
3
3
rd
2
&



===== page 151 =====
Ln

148 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the Company financial statements continued

1. Summary of significant accounting policies continued
Dividends

Group dividends proposed by the Board are recognised in the financial statements when they have been approved by shareholders at the
AGM. Interim dividends are recognised when they are paid.

Amounts owed by Group undertakings

‘Amounts owed by Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less provision
for impairment. A provision for impairment of intercompany receivables is established using an expected credit loss model. Amounts owed
by Group undertakings are presented within non-current receivables where they are not expected to be settled within the Group's
normal operating cycle.

Amounts owed to Group undertakings

Amounts owed to Group undertakings, presented in trade and other payables, are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently
measured at amortised cost. .

Employee benefits
Share-based payments

The cost of share-based employee Compensation arrangements, whereby employees receive remuneration in the form of shares or
share options, is recognised as an employee benefit expense in the statement of profit or loss.

The total expense to be apportioned over the vesting period of the benefit is determined by reference to the fair value (excluding the
effect of non-market-based vesting conditions) at the date of grant.

In determining the fair value of share-based payments under IFRS 2, management has considered a number of internal and external
factors in order to judge the probability that management and employee share incentives may vest. Such judgements involve estimating
future performance and other non-market-based factors.

At the end of each reporting period the assumptions underlying the number of awards expected to vest are adjusted for the effects
of non-market-based vesting conditions to reflect the conditions prevailing at that date. The impact of any revisions to the original
estimates is recognised in profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to equity. Fair value is measured by the use of a binomial
model. The assumptions have been adjusted, based on management’s best estimate, for the effects of non-transferability, lack of
dividend until vesting and exercise restrictions.

The fair value calculations have been externally assessed as reasonable in the circumstances.

The Company applies an intra-group recharge arrangement to the share-based payments charge relating to employees of other
entities within the wider Group, to reflect the benefits received by the respective entity in relation to employees granted share options.

The Company is deemed to be the settling entity in the intra-group arrangement, as share options granted are in relation to ordinary
“shares of the Company, and recognises the share-based payments charge for the full Group in other reserves. The Company's
subsidiaries-are considered to be the receiving entities in the arrangement, in line with the benefit received for services provided
through ongoing employment.

Amounts relating to employees who provide services directly to the Company are recorded as an equity-settled share-based payment
charge through the Company's statement of comprehensive income and are not recharged.

The remaining charge in relation to employees who provide services to other Group entities is initially recognised as an investment in
subsidiaries and is simultaneously reversed upon the recharge of this cost to the receiving entity through amounts owed by Group
undertakings. This charge is recognised within the profit and loss of the relevant receiving entities. The Company presents these
movements in investments on a net basis within note 2.

For further details on the background to share-based payment plans and disclosures, please refer to note 22 of the Group's
consolidated financial statements.

Shares held in treasury or by Alpha's employee benefit trust

‘Shares held in treasury or by Alpha’s employee benefit trust ("EBT") consist of ordinary shares in Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc.

These shares are recorded at cost and are deducted from equity.

Other significant accounting policies

Other significant accounting policies are consistent with those presented within the notes to the Group's consolidated financial statements.
Changes in accounting policies

Several standards, interpretations and amendments to existing standards became effective for the year ended 31 March 2024,
or will become effective in subsequent periods, as detailed on p. 119 of the Group accounts, none of which had a material impact
‘on the Company.

alphafme.com

Lo



===== page 152 =====
Annual. Report & Accounts 2024 149

2. Investments and amounts owed by Group undertakings

Amounts
owed by
Group
subsidiaries undertakings
£000 £000
Cost
Asat 1 April 2022 1,344 144,639
Additions . - 27,608
Repayments - - (7,407)
Foreign exchange - 172
As at 31 March 2023 1,344 165,012
Additions 204,029 25,550
Repayments - (99,535);
Foreign exchange Lo (25)!
As at 31 March 2024 . j 205,373 91,002 ©
Impairment

As at 1 April 2022 - -
Impairment charge - -
As at 31 March 2023

Impairment charge (134,880) (40)!

As at 31 March 2024 | (134,880) (340).
Net book value as at 31 March 2024 1 70,493 90,662 |
Net book value as at 31 March 2023. : . 1,344 165,012

During the year, amounts recognised in relation to the share-based payment charge, which are subsequently reversed through
intra-group recharge arrangements, were £6.6m (FY 23: £5.8m). These amounts are presented net in the table above in line with
the Company's accounting policies.

In October 2023, a number of transactions were undertaken as part of a project to simplify the holding company structure within

the Alpha Group. Additions to investments in subsidiaries of £204.0m include £69.1m arising from the issue of new shares in the
Company's subsidiaries. Promissory notes were issued in consideration for the issue of the new shares, resulting in a corresponding
decrease in the amounts owed by Group undertakings. Also included within adgitions is £134.9m arising from the distributions in specie
of shares in other Group companies received from the Company's subsidiaries.

The impairment of investments in subsidiaries of £134.9m recognised in the year effectively reverses the income received from the
Gistributions in specie that gave rise to the same investments. This impairment charge relates to four legacy holding companies, which
are now dormant and have no remaining economic value, and therefore the recoverable amount of these investments is nil. The investments.
in these companies have been fully impaired and their net book value at 31 March 2024 is nil. These companies are now in members’
voluntary liquidation.

Following these transactions, there is no overall change in the total economic value of the subsidiaries owned directly or indirectly by the
Company, with the increase in the value of investments in subsidiaries offset by a corresponding decrease in amounts owed by Group
undertakings. Similarly, there is no net impact on retained earnings. -

The undertakings in which the Group and Company haz interest at the year end of more than 20% are as follows:

Class and Class and
percentage of percentage of
Country of Registered shares held - shares held —

‘Subsidiary undertakings incorporation address Principal activity 31 March 2024 31 March 2023
Alpha FMC Trustee Limited UK 1 Dormant 100% ordinary | 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Midco Limitea* UK 1 Dormant + | 100% ordinary | 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Midco 2 Limited‘ UK 1 Dormant 100% ordinary j 400% ordinary
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited UK 1 Intermediate holding company | 100% ordinary + 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited® UK 1 Dormant 100% ordinary } 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Group Nominees Limited UK 1 Dormant 100% ordinary | 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Group Limited** UK 1 Dormant 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting , - , ; + .
senate UK 1 Intermediate holding company | 100% ordinary 1 100% ordinary

46 These companies were in members’ voluntary liquidation as al 31 Merch 2024 and remain in liquidation as of the dale ofthis report. These comparies are being liquidated to simply the
ristorical holding company structure within the Group. 7

alphafme.com

2
z
Fy
8
2
g
Et
3
3
3
3
a



===== page 153 =====
150 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the Company financial statements continued

2. Investments and amounts owed by Group undertakings continued

Class and Class and
percentage of percentage of

Country of Registered shares held — shares held ~
Subsidiary undertakings incorporation _ address Principal activity 31 March 2024 31 March 2023
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting , ,
Ue tmites UK 1 Consultaney services 100% ordinary | 100% ordinary
Alpha Technology Services i i
Consulting Limited UK 1 Dormant 400% ordinary} 100% ordinary
Aivig Limited UK 1 Consultancy services 100% ordinary } 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets ,
Consulting, Inc. USA 2 Consultancy services 100% ordinary | 100% ordinary
one Financial Markets Consulting grance 3 Consultancy services 100% ordinary | 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting , ,
(Loxembourgy SA. Luxembourg 4 Consultancy services 100% ordinary | 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting a m
elaine Netherlands § Consultancy services 100% ordinary} 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting , , , ,
Cotes A Switzerland 6 Consultancy services 100% ordinary } 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting a n
Coan rel Germany 7 Consultancy services 100% ordinary | 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting , , ,
Singapore Pte Lid. Singapore 8 Consultancy services , | 100% ordinary | 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting j ,
Hong Kong Limited | HongKong 9 Consultancy services 100% ordinary | 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting . , , ,
Ate PTY Linitod Australia 10 Consultancy services 100% ordinary | 100% ordinary
Axxsys Limited UK 1 Consultancy services 100% ordinary | 100% ordinary
Axxsys Financial Software Consulting q P ir
Pei talias Canada ” Consultancy services 100% ordinary | 100% ordinary
Axxsys Consulting USA Inc. - UA 2 Dormant 100% ordinary | 100% ordinary
Axxsys Danmark ApS Denmark 13 Consultancy services 100% ordinary | 100% ordinary
Obsidian Solutions-Limited UK 1 Consultancy services 100% ordinary | 100% ordinary
Alpha Technology Services , , ,
Conutine SAS France 3 Consultancy services 100% ordinary | 100% ordinary
Obsidian Alpha Data Solutions LLC serpig 44 Consultancy services 400% ordinary | 100% ordinary
Belgrade
Alpha FM Consulting Canadainc. Canada. 15 Consultancy services {100% ordinary] 100% orcinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting , , 36 ordi
(rovwaneg ame aS. France 3 Consultancy services 100% ordinary } 100% ordinary
Lionpoint Holdings, Inc. USA 16 Intermediate holding company | 100% ordinary } 100% ordinary
Lionpoint Group, LLC USA 7 Consultancy services 100% ordinary | 100% ordinary
Lionpoint Group (UK) Limited UK 1 Consultancy services 100% ordinary | 100% ordinary
Lionpoint Group SA Switzerland 18 Consultancy services 100% ordinary | 100% ordinary
Lionpoint Group Pty Limited Australia 19 Consultancy services | 100% ordinary } 100% ordinary
Lionpoint GmbH Germany 20 Consultancy services 100% ordinary } 100% ordinary
Alpha Data Solutions Limited UK 1 Dormant }100% ordinary | 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting j \ , ,
ena ge UK 1 Consultancy services 100% ordinary } 100% ordinary
Shoreline Asset and Wealth ,
Gonouttng ine Canada ral Dormant 100% ordinary | N/A
Shoreline Consolidated PTY Ltd‘® Australia 22 Intermediate holding company | 100% ordinary N/A
Shoreline Consulting Pte. Ltd.# Singapore 23 Consultancy services 100% ordinary | N/A

Australia 22 Consultancy services 100% ordinary N/A

Shoreline Consulting PTY Lta*®

47 Alpha FMC (Newco) Limited has changed is name to Alpha Financial Markets Consulting MENA Lid.

48 All Shoreline entities were acquired in May 2023.

alphafme.com



===== page 154 =====
7

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 151

Registered addresses

1 60 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7BB, UK

12 East 49" Street, New York, NY 10017, USA.

6 Square de LOpéra Louis Jouvet, 75009 Paris, France

19/21 Route d’Arion ~ bloc B, L-8009 Strassen, Luxembourg

Strozzilaan 101, Amsterdam, 1083 HN, The Netherlands

Stockerstrasse 55, 8002 Ziirich, Switzerland

Kurt - Blaum - Platz 8, 63450 Hanau, Germany

6A Shenton Way #04-01 Downtown Gallery, Singapore 068815.

22/F Neich Tower, 128 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong

10 Quay Quarter Tower, 50 Bridge Street, Sydney NSW 2000, Australia

11 1800-13401 108" Avenue, Surrey, British Columbia V3T 573, Canada

12 Incorp Services, Inc., 919 North Market Street, Suite 950, Wilmington, DE 19801
13 Flaesketorvet 68, DK-1711 Copenhagen, Denmark

14 Dvadesetsedmog marta 6-6a, 11060 Palilula, Belgrade, Serbia

15 Suite 1700, Park Place, 666 Burrard Street, Vancouver, BC V6C2X8, Canada
16 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, Delaware 19808-1674, USA

17 8 The Green, Suite A, Dover, Delaware 19901, USA

18 Rue d'ltalie 11, 1204, Geneva, Switzerland .

19 Ground Floor, 123 Walker Street, North Sydney NSW, 2060, Australia

20 c/o KUNZ Rechtsanwalte, AntoniterstraBe 14-16, KéIn, 50667, Germany

199 Bay Street, Suite 5300 Commerce Court West, Toronto, Ontario, MSL 189 Canada
22 Accru Felsers, Level 6, 1 Chifley Square, Sydney, NSW 2000

23 Marina Bay Financial Centre, 8 Marina Boulevard #11-00, 018981, Singapore

©e2N OH AWD

XR

3. Auditor remuneration

Amounts receivable by the Company's auditor and its associates in respect of services to the Company and its associates, other than
the audit of the Company's financial statements, have not been disclosed as the information is instead disclosed on a consolidated
basis in note 3 of the consolidated financial statements.

4. Deferred tax
Movements in deferred tax

Recognised Recognised

. 1 April 2023 in income inequity 31 March 2024
As at 31 March 2024 £'000 £'000 £000 £'000 |
Share options 1,028 | 1) (77) 560 |
Deferred tax asset 1,028), (91) (377) 560 |
Recognised Recognised
~ 1 April 2022 in income inequity 31 March 2023
As at 31 March 2023 £000 £000 £'000 £'000
Share options 3,213 (1,090) (1,095) 1,028
Deferred tax asset 3,213 (1,090) (1,095) 1,028

For the year ended 31 March 2024, the Company has recognised a total charge of £0.2m (FY 23: £0.8m) of tax through equity, of which
£0.4m (FY 23: £1.1m) relates to a reduction in deferred tax on share options outstanding, partly offset by a £0.2m credit (FY 23: £0.3m)
relating to current tax on the exercise of share options.

alphatme.com

Zz
3
Fy
3
2
a
g
2
s
3
cy
2
a



===== page 155 =====
152 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Notes to the Company financial statements continued

5. Trade and other receivables .

. FY 23

£000

Prepayments 68

Current trade and other receivables 68
6. Cash and cash equivalents

FY 23,

£'000

Cash in bank and at hand 205

Cash and cash equivalents 205

7. Trade and other payables

{ eves FY 23

£'000 £'000
Amounts owed to Group undertakings 1,050 ! 13,332
Other payables 567 574
Social security tax on share options : 340 501
Total amounts owed within one year | 1,957 | 14,407

Amounts owed to Group undertakings reduced by £12.2m to £1.1m (FY 23: £13.3m) resulting from repayments of intercompany loans

during the year.
FY 24 FY 23

. £000 £'000

i 26 | 87

Total amounts owed after one year { 26} 57

8. Other non-current liabilities

Social security tax on share options

9. Financial instruments
Carrying amount of financial instruments
The carrying amounts of the financial assets and liabilities include:

[ FY 23

£000
Financial assets measured at amortised cost . 90,685 + 165,285
Financial assets measured at historical cost : 70,493 | 1,344
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost (1,983), (14,464)
Net financii

assets | 159,195 ! 152,165

The book value of the financial instruments is deemed to be approximate to fair.value:

The Company's financial instruments comprise intercompany receivables, investments in subsidiaries, cash and trade and other
payables. These financial instruments arise in the ordinary course of business and their main purpose is to provide finance for the
Group's operations. .

The Group's operations expose it to credit risk arising from intercompany receivables. Management has overall responsibility for internal
control and risk management by the Company. The policies set by management are implemented by the Company's finance team.

Credit risk

The Company's credit risk is primarily attriputabie to its intercompany receivables. The Company provides financing to other entities
within the Group on an unsecured and typically interest-free basis, repayable on demand. There is no collateral held on these receivable
balances. The expected credit loss on the Company's financial assets is measured annually based on historical datapoints and an
assessment of the forward-looking probability of default. The expected credit loss on the Company's intercompany receivables is
immaterial as at 31 March 2024. *

The Directors consider the intercompany receivables to represent a low credit risk and credit risk is not considered to have increased
significantly since initial recognition. The wider. Group has a strong liquidity position and there is no current expectation by the Directors
for repayment of the intercompany balances in the short term.

alphatme.com



===== page 156 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 153

10. Share-based payments

Options under the Group's “management incentive plan” share option schemes have been granted to employees of the Company.
For further information, including the terms and conditions of these awards please refer to note 22 of the Group's consolidated
financial statements.

{ FY 24 FY 23
Weighted Weighted
average average
Exercise price remaining | Exercise price
ofoutstanding _—contractual } of outstanding
options life options
£ Years £
Management incentive plan awards | Nominal 1.3[ Nominal

The Company's weighted average share price at the date of exercised awards in the year was £3.50.

The Company recognised a share-based payment expense in the year of £0.1m (FY 23: £1.2m). A credit of £0.1m (FY 23: a charge of £0.3m)
to the statement of comprehensive income was recognised in relation to the realignment of the associated social security liabilities to
reflect assumptions at the year end, including the Group's lower share price.

All share options granted in FY 24 will be forfeited due to the performance conditions associated with the awards not being satisfied.
Therefore, there is no share-based payment charge or associated social security cost in relation to these awards. Refer to the
Remuneration Committee report on p. 85 for further details.

As disclosed in the FY 23 Annual Report and Accounts, Euan Fraser stepped down from the role of Chief Executive Officer and from the
Board on 31 March 2023 and remained with the Group as a strategic adviser on a part-time basis. This resulted in an acceleration to the
share-based payment charge in relation to Euan's share options in FY 23, as all employment-linked conditions attached to these options
were removed.

Assumptions associated with the calculation of the social security tax liability due on vesting of share options include an estimation of
the forward-looking share price at the vesting date based on applicable analyst research and applicable future tax rates. For these
purposes, share price is updated at each reporting period to reflect historical levels, and is assumed to grow in line with the estimated
future performance of the business.

11. Related parties

Identity of related parties with which the Company has transacted

The Company has not engaged in any transactions with any related parties other than with wholly owned subsidiaries.
These transactions have not been disclosed as the Company has taken advantage of exemptions under FRS 101.

12. Events after the reporting period

On 20 June 2024, the Board of Directors announced a recommended cash offer to acquire the Company by Actium Bidco (UK) Limited,
a newly incorporated indirect subsidiary of certain funds managed by Bridgepoint Advisers Limited, which is expected to be implemented
by way of a scheme of arrangement.

alphafme.com

z
F)
Ey
3
te}
s
g
2
3
3
2
2
a



===== page 157 =====
154 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

SASB disclosure

The mission of the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board
(“SASB’) is to develop and disseminate sustainability accounting
standards that help public corporations disclose material,
decision-useful information to investors. The Group adopts

the SASB framework as it allows organisations to provide
‘comparable and consistent ESG-related data. As a “professional
and commercial services” organisation under SASB, the material
factors according to the SASB framework are as follows:

— data security;
— workforce diversity & engagement; and
— professional integrity.

The below tables provide the numeric metrics relating to these
factors over the past 12 months where applicable, in addition to
the internal frameworks used to manage these risks on an ongoing
basis. Further qualitative data for each of the material factors is
provided throughout the Annual Report. The Group also recognises
the increasing importance of the environment to its investors,
employees and other stakeholders, which it describes in addition
to the required disclosure.

Topic Principal locations in this Annual Report
Data Security Risk management p. 59

Workforce Diversity Looking after our people: emphasis on
& Engagement culture and inclusion p. 37

Social: diversity and inclusion p. 44

Sustainable business: governance
pp 41-43; and community and social
responsibility pp 44-45

Professional Integrity

ESG metrics:

Topic: Data Security

Measurement FY 24 FY23  SASBCode
Number of data breaches - - SV-PS-230a.3

Description of approach to identifying and addressing data
security risks: SV-PS-230a.1

Alpha continues to monitor and maintain a robust security posture
across the organisation. Alpha seeks to address the ever-evolving
cyber threat landscape by monitoring and improving, as appropriate,
global security measures and controls

The Group's IT and data security strategy also ensures that the
confidentiality, integrity and availability of data is maintained and
is frequently assessed and updated to remain aligned with global
data protection frameworks and regulations.

Alpha has identified a number of key risk areas that are regularly
monitored and considered including: the misuse of data; accidental
or intentional dissemination of data; loss, theft or compromise of
data and/or information; incorrect data being used for internal or
external purposes; and unauthorised access of equipment and/or
physical resources.

alphatme.com

Internal policies and governance
Alpha maintains a suite of information security policies, which
are reviewed and updated regularly. Alpha’s IT and information
security function recommend relevant changes and they are
approved by the senior leadership team, represented by the
Group Coordination Committee.

These policies are based upon best practice from the National
Institute of Standards and Technology (“NIST”) framework.
Policies include but are not limited to:

— Acceptable use;

— Access control;

— Antivirus and threat management;
— Asset management;

— Data privacy;

— Data encryption;

— Information security training;

— Password management;

— Secure development;

— Wireless network policy; and

- Business continuity and disaster recovery.

The information security policies attest to the responsibility,
governance and business practices that Alpha applies to the
topics surrounding IT and data security, and enable the Group to
validate information security and risk posture on a constant basis.

Senior oversight and executive sponsorship

Alpha's Head of IT, reporting into the Group Head of Operations,
is responsible for the oversight and management of incidents,
risks, and remedial activities pertaining to Alpha’s IT, infrastructure
and information security function. Executive sponsorship of IT and
data security in the leadership team is provided by the Group
Managing Director and day-to-day oversight is the responsibility
of the Information Security Lead.

Alpha operates an internal Information Security Management
Forum (“ISMF"), chaired by the Information Security Lead. The
ISMF meets regularly to review incidents, risk and mitigation
activities across the Group. This forum is also used to identify and
oversee the activities that are required to meet security accreditations
and certifications; for example, managing activities pertaining to
Aiviq's 'SO-27001 certification. In the year, Aiviq also successfully
obtained the Cyber Essential Plus certification.


===== page 158 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 155

Workforce training and awareness

All Alpha employees are trained and empowered to take responsibility
for data security across the organisation. Mandatory data handling
and information security training is issued annually with a positive
pass required of each employee. This mandatory annual training
is supplemented throughout the year with security awareness
training modules, delivered electronically.

Social engineering assessments are additionally undertaken with
analysis and benchmarking against industry average statistics.
Further mandatory training is issued as a follow up following
completion of these assessments. Technical safeguards such as
multifactor authentication ("MFA"), secure email gateway, secure
cloud access gateway, DMARC anti-spoofing controls and
phishing reporting are also imp!emented.

Cloud security and monitoring

Alpha continues to adopt market-leading cloud technologies to
ensure a multi-layered approach in defending its infrastructure,
people and data from emerging cyber threats. Using these platforms,
Alpha had deployed a broad range of technical controls around
encryption, intrusion detection and prevention, data leak prevention,
traffic inspection, and threat scanning. Additionally, new technologies
are regularly evaluated as Alpha continues to assess the security
landscape and identifies potential changes in risk. Given the
continuation of hybrid working, further investment has also been
made in the Group's Endpoint protection and detection suite, which
includes best in class technologies and threat intelligence capability.

Proactive monitoring across Alpha's core infrastructure is undertaken
by the security operations centre ("SOC"), for which Alpha leverages
a qualified third party (BDO Digital). The SOC enables the organisation
to assess robustly alerts and events, correlate with threat
intelligence and take the appropriate course of investigation.
Robust incident and breach response

The Group Head of Legal & Corporate Affairs oversees Alpha's
protection and privacy framework, including compliance with all
relevant regulations. The Group Head of Operations oversees

operational procedures aligned to that framework with support
from the IT and business support teams.

Alpha operates a unified global incident response and breach
management process, which ensures we are able to appropriately
assess and triage all data security incidents, and ensure that the
most effective remediation is applied. The response function
ensures the timely containment of any incident(s) and impact
assessment, and handles both internal and external notifications
(if and when required).

During the previous 12 months, there were no reportable data breaches.

Description of policies and practices retating to collection,
usage, and retention of customer information: SV-PS-230a.2
Alpha fully understands its custodial obligations around protecting
internal, employee and client information. In line with this, Alpha
has implemented and annually reviews a global data protection
policy and privacy statement, which comprises relevant privacy
notices relating to different areas of the business. Alpha’s privacy
statement explains the types of information collected and processed,
and governance of the usage attributed to this data collection,
and outlines the appropriate data retention schedules.

In accordance with the privacy statement, Alpha collects and
processes contact and organisational information for legitimate
business purposes, safeguarded by a suite of technical controls
to mitigate the risk of data breaches arising from external threats.

All systems and applications are configured on a least-privilege
basis, ensuring access to data is appropriate by job function. All
cloud platforms are assessed at the point of implementation and
annually thereafter to assess data residency and ongoing
compliance with the appropriate regional legislation.

To further mitigate risks associated with data handling and
security, Alpha has deployed several risk controls including:

— Annual review and approval of global information security
policies by the Group Coordination Committee;

— Executive sponsorship of IT and data security in the leadership
team is provided by the Group Managing Director;

g
>
a
o
=]
8
ry
&
5
°

— Clear oversight of and responsibility for the data protection and
privacy framework by the Global Head of Legal & Corporate Affairs;

— Clear lines of operational responsibility and engagement
across the global data protection governance, overseen
by the Group Head of Operations;

— Training and awareness to promote good cyber hygiene and
build a security aware culture;

— Social engineering assessments across the global workforce,
robustly analysed to benchmark attack susceptibility against
industry averages;

— Security operations centre performing real-time infrastructure
monitoring, correlating events and alerts with threat analytic
feeds and other sources of intelligence;

— Adoption of a cloud-first IT architecture model, built upon
Zero-trust security principles;

— Due diligence, vetting and annual auditing of cloud providers
is undertaken to validate information security and risk posture
around these applications; and

— Regular external collaboration with cybersecurity specialists.

alphatme.com


===== page 159 =====
156 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

SASB disclosure continued

ESG metrics: continued
Topic: Workforce Diversity & Engagement”
Measurement SASB Code
Percentage of gender representation SV-PS-330a.1
Male Female Other Nae
Level { Fy 24] Fy 23 [ Fy 24] FY 23 { FY 24] FY23 | FY 24) FY 23
Directors and equivalent 83.5% | 85.8% 15.7% | 13.3% 0.0% 0.0% 0.8% 0.9%
Managers, senior managers, associate 9
directors and equivalent 70.7% | 69.3% | 28.6%} 30.5% 0.4% 0.0% 0.4% 0.2%
Analysts, consultants and equivalent 60.8% | 62.9% 379% | 36.4% , 0.0% 0.0% 1.2% 0.7%
Overall split [ 68.5% | 68.5% | 30.6% | 31.0% | 0.2%] 0.0% | 08%{ 0.5%
Measurement SASB Code
Percentage of racial/ethnic group representation (UK) SV-PS-330a.1
Asian or Black or Mixed White or
Asian British Black British background White British Other N/A
Level try2a] Fy23 | Fy2a} Fy23 } Fy2a] Fy23 ft Fy24] Fy23 [ Fy24} Fy23 | FY2s] FY23
Directors and equivalent 3.2% | 1.8% | 1.6%| 1.8% | 16%] 1.8% [75.8%] 89.5% | 1.6%| 0.0% |r 5.3%
Managers, senior managers,
associate directors 14.7% | 15.6% | 21%] 31% | 2.5%] 3.1% |66.0% | 67.6% | 25%} 1.3% | 12.2% 9.3%
and equivalent
Analysts, consultants 5 9 7.
and equivalent 13.3% | 17.5% | 4.4%} 5.3% | 5.7%] 3.5% 158.2% 162.6% | 3.8%] 3.5% 114.6%! 7.6%
Overall split [12.7% } 14.6% | 2.8% | 3.8% | 3.5% | 3.1% 164.6% | 68.4% | 2.8% | 2.0% [13.5%] 8.2%
Measurement SASB Code
Percentage of racial/ethnic group representation (North America) SV-PS-330a.1
Black or Hispanic
Asian African American __orLatino White Other NA
Level LFy2a] ry23 | Fy2a] ry23 | Fy2a] Fy23 | Fy2at Fy23 | Fy24} Fy23 | FY2sj FY23
Directors and equivalent 9.1% | 11.1% | 0.0%] 0.0% | 0.0%] 0.0% {75.8% | 77.8% | 61%] 3.7% | 91%] 7.4%
All other employees 15.8% | 15.3% } 3.2%| 3.6% | 23%] 3.6% }42.4%| 49.1% } 5.1% | 4.6% |31.2% | 23.8%
Overall split [15.1% | 14.9% | 2.9% | 3.2% | 2.0%] 3.2% [45.6% | 51.6% [ 5.2%] 4.5% [29.1% | 22.4%
Measurement FY 24 | FY23 . SASB Code
Voluntary turnover rate of employees 67% 12.2% SV-PS-330a.2
Employee engagement as a percentage® 81.0% | 73.5% SV-PS-330a.3

49 Given the nature ofthe metrics, the percentages used as part of the SASB disclosure refer to total global headcount, ie. fee-generaling consultants 2s well as business operations teams.

50 °N/A" refers to unknown, uncisciosed or prefer not to say. An important part of the on-going versity and inclusion initiatives at Alpha is to endeavour to reduce the number of “N/A
(ovhere appropriate) and to expand the data groups on which i's reporting $0 as to provide a wider view of how itis performing against the topic. Please see the diversity and inclusion
section ofthe report for more information. .

51 Employee engagement data for FY 24 and FY 28 was based onthe anonymous feedback survey conducted during the year, in which al eams patcipated

alphatme.com


===== page 160 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 157

Topic: Professional Integrity
Measurement FY241 FY 23 SASB Code

Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with pS.
professional iritegrity®? SV-PS-510a.2

Description of approach to‘ensuring professional integrity: SV-PS-330a.1

Acting with integrity is subscribed into Alpha's core values. To support this, Alpha maintains clear policies for its employees on such
topics as anti-bribery, confidentiality, IT security and acceptable use, whistleblowing and tax evasion. Annual performance reviews
include an assessment of professional integrity and compliance with company policies. The Group will continue to review its adherence
to high professional standards and business ethics and introduce new policies and training for its teams as appropriate for the Group's
business model and range of services.

Operating according to strong standards of transparency, honesty, business ethics and professional integrity means that Alpha is able
to identify, understand and meet consistently the high expectations of its clients and wider stakeholders. Alpha is also cognisant of its
wider relationships and is developing its approach to managing business and supplier relationships in respect of human rights and
ethical standards, such as through its Living Wage application.

Alpha is committed to delivering the highest relationship and delivery standards to all clients and prospective clients. As part of this
commitment, the professional conduct of the Group is at all times fair and professional, premised upon:

— Promoting Alpha’s services honestly and fairly;
— Preserving the confidentiality and privacy of client businesses;
— Acting lawfully and ethically at all times; and

— Delivering projects in line with the terms of the engagement as well as any wider services agreements.

Itis the responsibility of the Alpha engagement lead, supported by the client account owner, to ensure that client expectations are met
‘on each client project. The head of each business area then oversee the engagement and satisfaction of clients with the Group's
Products and service offering, ensuring that they are aligned to the Group’s high professional standards.

52 This covers losses arising out of legal proceedings against Alpha in connection with its relationship with cents and the delivery of professional services to its clients,

alphafme.com



===== page 161 =====
158 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Directors and advisers

Directors

Ken Fry

Luc Baqué
John Paton
Penny Judd
Jill May
Maeve Byrne

, Company number
09965297

Registered office

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ple
60 Gresham Street

London EC2V 7BB

Auditor

KPMG LLP

EastWest
Tollhouse Hill
Nottingham NG1 5FS

Registrar

Computershare

The Pavilions
Bridgewater Road
Bristol BS99 6ZZ

alphatme.com

Nominated Adviser
Investec Bank ple

30 Gresham Street

London EC2V 7QN

Joint Brokers

Joh. Berenberg, Gosster & Co.

60 Threadneedle Street
London EC2R 8HP

Investec Bank ple
30 Gresham Street

London EC2V 7QN

Company Secretary

Georgina Sharley
company.secretary@alphafme.com
Corporate and investor website
alphafme.com/investors

Client website
alphafmc.com


===== page 162 =====
FSC
‘etc

Mix

pe tom

FSC*.c001765

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting pic's commitment to environmental
issues is reflected in this Annual Report, which has been printed on
Magno Satin, an FSC® certified material, This document was printed by
Park Communications using its environmental print technology, which
minimises the impact of printing on the environment, with 99% of dry
waste diverted from landfil, Both the printer and the paper mill are
registered to ISO 14001.

Produced by

designportfolio


===== page 163 =====
—. i. —
Y: = it
a's f= — t a
KA) ) \\\ ‘¢ L
eS
AAMAS - L3 7
OI fo
COW WRI
COXON (f- 7 :
DO OUOIINN ae a
SONA ari. E
Oy SOK nH Z 7
y —
)

Alpha FMC

60 Gresham Street
London

EC2V 7BB

+44 (0) 207 796 9300
enquiries@alphafmc.com

alphafmc.com
