

===== page 1 =====
Bridgepoint Group:
iReponts

|

D482ETS*
30/05/2024
COMPANIES HOUSE

THURSDAY

th

Mn



===== page 2 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Contents

Strategic Report

Governance

Introduction 2. Board of Directors 82
Financial highlights 3. Senior Independent Director's governance review 86
Bridgepoint at a glance 4 Corporate governance report 87
Our purpose and values 6 Nomination Committee report 91
Chairman's statement 8 Audit and Risk Committee report 92
Chief Executive's statement 10 ESG Committee report 99
Our partnership with ECP 12 Remuneration Committee report 100
Market overview 18 Annual report on remuneration 101
Strategy 22 Directors’ report and additional disclosures 112
Our business model 24 — Statement of Directors’ responsibilities 116
Our people 32
Stakeholder engagement and section 172(1) statement 36 pb .
How we spproach sustainability ~ 42 Financial Statements

- Independent auditor's report 117
KPIs: tracking our performance 48 - '
ae en 50 coselidated financial statements 126

Notes to the consolidated financial statements 134

CFO statement 54
Our historical performance 64
Viability and going concern statements 65 Other Information
Risk management 68 Non-statutory financial information 194
TCD disclosures 74 Shareholder information 196
Non-financial and sustainability information statement 81 Glossary 197



===== page 3 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report



===== page 4 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accoun\ ts Strategic Report

Introduction

Bridgepoint is an international
alternative asset management
group with offices in Europe,

North America and Asia. We invest
across private equity, private credit,
and following the ECP transaction,
infrastructure, creating value by
helping build companies with greatly
enhanced long-term potential.

‘The 2023 Annual Report for Bridgepoint Group ple incorporates:

- the Strategic Report;

each of which has been approved by the Board of Directors
of Bridgepoint Group plc.

Adam Jones
Group Chief Financial Officer
and Chief Operating Officer

20 March 2024

Find out more An explanation of the alternative performance measures
bridgepoint.ew (“APMs”) used by the Group, including underlying profit

derlying EBITDA and reported and underlying
ings per share, is set out on pages 50 to 53 along with a
-onciliation to statutory measures.



===== page 5 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts . Strategic Report

Financial highlights

A di (2022: €38.0bn)
srhasenentesc | €61.6bn

Management and other fees F ? 65 3 m ion £241.5m)
Underlying FRE £9 5 O m (2022: otal

“ £55.3m ce

Underlying EBITDA F1 4 8 8 m en
Underlying profit before tax F1 33 8 m aa £120.0m)

Reported profit before tax F 8 6 0 m (2022: £127.4m)

Underlying earnings per share 1 4 9 p (2022: 13.8p)

Key

Alternative performance measure
Key performance indicator
Measure defined by IFRS



===== page 6 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts -

Strategic Report

Bridgepoint at a glance

Who we are

Bridgepoint Group pic is one of the world’s leading private asset
growth investors. When the partnership with ECP completes,
Bridgepoine will have c. €61.6 billion of assets under management
(‘AUM”) and local presence in Europe, North America and Asia,
combining global scale with local market insight and sector
expertise, consistently delivering strong returns through cycles.
Bridgepoint specialises in private equity, infrastructure

and private credit.

Our investment strategies

Led by a team of partners who have a long history of working
together, Bridgepoint has a well invested platform that provides a
strong foundation for furure growth, The Group has a differentiated
and sustainable investment approach underpinned by a long-standing
commitment to investing responsibly. Environmental, social and
governance principles are part of Bridgepoint’s DNA, with a set

of specific goals set and measured for every investment.

Bridgepoint Group plc, €61.6bn AUM

(pro forma for the ECP transaction)

w

Private Equity Infrastructure
€28.1bn AUM €21.1bn AUM

ECP Value-add Infrastructure

vw

* Following completion of ECP transaction

Bridgepoint Europe Bridgepoint Direct Lending
Bridgepoint Development Capital Bridgepoint Credit Opportunities
Bridgepoint Growth ECP Forestar Infrastructure Debt Bridgepoint Syndicated Debt
> Read more on pages 12 to 17, and 28 to 29
- = ——
/ a
o © & © @
SS ND a =
15 34 >330,000 ESG 233 |
offices worldwide’ - nationalities” people working for UN PRI 5-star rating investment-related |
Bridgepoint and ECP- professionals*
backed companies* |

Our year in numbers*

Total operating Underlying

Total employees (FTEs) income EBITDA

391 £321.6m £148.8m
(2022: £307.4m) (2022: £139.2m)

Underlying Underlying Reported profit

FRE earnings per share before tax

£95.0m

(2022: £74.3m)
* Bridgepoinc only

4

14.9p

(2022: 13.8p)

£86.0m

(2022: £127.4m)


===== page 7 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

Track record of our capital under management

Total assets under management

-€61.6bn

(2022: €38.0bn)

€61.6bn*

| | Infrastructure
7 Private Credit

Bh Private Equity

€20bn €19bn

€1bn €1bn

€19b
9bn €18bn

2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023

*2023 AUM is pro forma for the ECP wansaction, all other years are unadjusted


===== page 8 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

Our purpose and values

Purpose Values

Bridgepoint aspires to be a force for In everything we do, from committing
good. We drive growth and build value investors’ capital, to working with

by connecting people, capital, ideas portfolio companies, to supporting
and opportunity. our teams, we’re guided by our values:



===== page 9 =====
Strategic Report

We do
what we say

We do
the right thing

We act
with intelligence
and humility


===== page 10 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Chairman’s statement

William Jackson

William Jackson is Chairman of Bridgepoint's Board and
co-Chair of the Bridgepoint Europe Investment Committee.

Strong performance in 2023 and well placed
for continued growth

1am pleased to report that Bridgepoint enjoyed a strong year
of performance in 2023, delivering a good set of financial results
and making meaningful progress with the company’s development
strategy with the addition of ECP to the platform

‘The Group’s AUM now stands at €62 billion following successful
fundraisings and taking into account the announcement of the
partnership with ECP. Both have enabled Bridgepoint to hit its
five-year targeted AUM (set at our 2021 IPO) in under three
years, reflecting the long-term growth potential of the business.

In 2023, Bridgepoint recorded underlying profit growth of 12%
for the year and all funds remained on target or better in terms

of deployment and performance with the most recent fully
invested private equity funds, BE VI and BDC Il, ranking in the
top quartile for their respective vintages and with valuation growth
largely driven by strong underlying company trading performance.

Fundraising remains on track, with BE Vil expected to close this
quarter with some €7 billion of capital commitments. Important
new fundraisings for BDC V and BDL IV are now well underway,
alongside other funds entering the market in 2024.

Having delivered these results, the Bridgepoint platform

ended a productive 2023, and is strategically well-placed

and well-resourced in what is a rapidly changing environment

in alternative asset management. This positioning has been
achieved by continuing to diversify and deepen Bridgepoint’s
position across its three different middle market verticals of private
equity, credit and shortly infrastructure. Each vertical is focused
on value-add growth investing.

Deepening our leadership as the platform scales
With Bridgepoint's increased scale in 2023, it was a natural time
to separate the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive. This has
allowed me to concentrate on my role as Chair of the Group and
the private equity business with Raoul Hughes assuming the role
of Chief Executive. As a long-standing managing partner, Raoul

is extremely well qualified to continue to lead Bridgepoint and
maintain the culture and values that have been key to our success.

Since assuming his role, Raoul has introduced a new management
structure to oversee the much-enlarged business and strengthened
the balance sheet with new long-term financing to enable the
company to continue to grow and further diversify.

Our executive strength is supported by the high-calibre
Non-Executive Directors on the Board, whose substantial
experience and strategic insight has been invaluable to the Group.

Within the next 12 months, the firm expects to appoint at least
one additional Non-Executive Director to enhance the Board’s
expertise and diversity.

ECP significantly enhances

the investment platform

The agreement to add ECP to the Bridgepoint platform was a
particular highlight of 2023 and at completion will position the
Group strongly for the future. It will significantly enhance the
reach of the organisation in its marketplace by adding to
Bridgepoint’s overall capabilities which, frankly, are already not
typically seen in middle-market peers.

ECP and its management team will add an important third pillar
to the business and significantly accelerate Bridgepoint's stated
strategy at the time of the IPO of scaling through product and
geographic diversification. Fundraising for ECP’s flagship fund,
ECP V, which has a fund target of $4 billion, is set to close

in April.


===== page 11 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

William Jackson
Chairman

>

“Bridgepoint stands stronger than
ever, with a platform that is both well
diversified and capitalised, and further
enhanced by the strategic addition
of ECP.”

Continued work on ESG and corporate
responsibility

Bridgepoint rigorously integrates environmental, social,

and governance (“ESG”) principles into its investment processes
and approach to portfolio management. Carolyn McCall's
leadership of the Board’s new ESG Committee is instrumental
in overseeing our ESG commitments. In its first year, the
committee has focused on developing an understanding

of Bridgepoint’s ESG and DEIB activities and initiating

a review of Bridgepoint’s sustainability strategy.

Supporting this strategy, | am pleased to report that in 2023,
‘The Bridgepoint Charitable Trust continued its philanthropic
efforts, supporting a range of charitable projects that underscore
our commitment to positively impacting the communities in
which we operate. This included the Alpine Challenge, where
100 colleagues undertook a trek for two days, covering over
2,500m of total ascent and raising funds for seven charities.
The Bridgepoint Charitable trust matched the total

amount raised.

Dividend

Bridgepoint aims to grow its dividend progressively over
time as it scales through organic growth in existing businesses
and by adding complementary or adjacent strategies.

Bridgepoint is a cash-generative business in a strong financial
position. A final dividend of 4.4 pence per share is being proposed,
consistent with the interim dividend. Combined with a capital
return of 7.6 pence per share through the share buyback
programme and the interim dividend of 4.4 pence per share,
the total capital rerurn to shareholders in 2023 (16.4 pence)
is more than double that in 2022 (8.0 pence).

Exciting prospects ahead

Over the three years since our IPO, Bridgepoint has made good
progress in delivering against the objectives set at the time of
our listing. Fund performance continues to be strong, AUM has
grown ahead of expectations, the management team has been
further strengthened, and we have delivered on the first stage
of our diversification strategy to significantly enhance our
investment platform.

With a strengthened balance sheer following our recent refinancing
and as the completion of fundraising for Bridgepoint and ECP’s
two largest funds nears, the Group also has strong medium-term
visibility in its financial outlook. This places Bridgepoint in

an excellent position to exploit opportunities in a rapidly
changing marketplace.

With its diversified investment strategies, differentiated origination
capabilities, and a healthy exit pipeline, I'm confident that
Bridgepoint is well placed to perform in the year ahead and beyond.

Ww Mew Je4 —

William Jackson
Chairman


===== page 12 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Chief Executive’s statement

Raoul Hughes

Raoul is the Chief Executive of Bridgepoint Group plc and Chair
of Bridgepoint’s Group Management and Operating Committees.

He joined the firm in 1988.

Bridgepoint is a global leader in value-add growth investing with
€62 billion of AUM across private equity, credit, and following the
ECP transaction, infrastructure. The Group’s strong local presence
in Europe, North America and Asia, combines global reach with
local insight, and sector expertise, enabling strong returns to be
delivered consistently through cycles.

2023 was no exception, with the Group's strong set of financial
results exceeding expectations, driven by solid fund performance
across strategies and further progress on fundraising.

Financial performance ahead of expectations

In 2023, Bridgepoint grew AUM organically by 7% to €41 billion,
contributing to a 10% increase in management fees year-on-year
to £265 million, and a 28% increase in underlying FRE to

£95 million. As guided in our interim results exits, particularly
within the firm’s SMID Cap strategy, were concentrated towards
the second half of the year. This, along with the growth of
Bridgepoint’s portfolios overall, delivered PRE of £55 million.
Consequently, underlying EBITDA and underlying profit before
tax increased by 7% and 12% respectively to £149 million

and £134 million and underlying earnings per share grew

to 14.9 pence per share.

Fundraising approaching completion
for flagship fund

‘The strong story continued on fundraising, with BE VII expected
to close this quarter with €7 billion of capital commitments.

In relation to ECP, ECP V, which has a fund target of $4 billion,

is set to close at the end of April. Appetite for Bridgepoint’s private
credit funds remains robust, supported by a strong performance in
2023, with a total of €0.7 billion raised for the Bridgepoint Direct
Lending and Credit Opportunities strategies, alongside the pricing
of two CLOs. Fundraising for BDC V is underway, with an
expected transition from BDC IV to BDC V by Q1 2025.

‘To support furure growth further investment in Bridgepoint’s
global coverage team has been made, with important senior
coverage hires in North America, Asia and the DACH region
in Europe. This enables the firm to continue to raise increasing
amounts of capital from a broadening range of investors and
to expand the Group’s product offering.

10

Delivering high-quality returns through
disciplined investment

Bridgepoint’s investment strategies aim to deliver absolute returns
for fund investors through a disciplined approach, characterised
by measured diversification across sectors, geographies

and deployment timelines. This approach proved instrumental

in driving performance in 2023, with all funds remaining

on or ahead of plan.

Private equity

In 2023, 13 platform investments were made through
Bridgepoint’s private equity strategies, deploying €2.7 billion.

BE VII committed €1.7 billion in capital to 5 acquisitions,

and has now committed 31% of its primary capital. BE VII
deployment remains on track, with a four-year investment period
expected before transitioning to BE VIII. BDC IV also had

a strong year with eight acquisitions, taking total commitments

to 79% of primary capital. BDC II] made notable progress,

with the Multiple on Invested Capital rising from 3.0x

at the end of 2022 to 3.8x at the end of 2023. During the year,
€1.1 billion was also returned to private equity fund investors.

Infrastructure

The addition of ECP marks a major step forward in Bridgepoint's
strategy as set out at IPO, adding an energy transition
infrastructure business to the firm’s private equity and credit
businesses. ECP's leading position in the energy transition market
positions the Company well in the global drive for
decarbonisation and enhanced energy security, as reflected

in its fund performance in 2023. With the transaction on track
to complete in the first half of 2024, we look forward to driving
growth in the enlarged group.

With Bridgepoint and ECP being people-centred companies,

the importance of culrural compatibility cannot be overstated.
After a year of extensive collaboration, it’s clear that both firms
share a common ethos, with a focus on long-term talent retention,
team collaboration and prioritising investors. Personally,

I'm hugely excited about leading the firm in the next chapter

of this combined story.


===== page 13 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

>

Raoul Hughes
Chief Executive

Private credit

The credit market in 2023 offered favourable conditions,
with Bridgepoine Credit funds benefiting from higher interest
rates. This, coupled with disciplined credit decision-making,
is driving enhanced fund performance. Over the year,
Bridgepoint’s Direct Lending and Credit Opportunities
strategies deployed approximately €1.3 billion of capital,
demonstrating a compelling track record of delivering
consistently strong risk-adjusted returns. For example, in
aggregate as of Q4 2023, the BDL funds delivered impressive
gross and net IRRs of 9% and 8% respectively and a gross cash
yield of 10%, with no realised losses in their portfolios.

This success is attributed to BDL’s rigorous asset selection,
targeting businesses in resilient sectors with strong credit
fundamentals, and a thorough due diligence approach that
leverages the Bridgepoint Group’s extensive knowledge and
experience. In terms of fundraising, BDL III and BCO IV were
successfully closed in 2023, along with two CLOs. Fundraising
for BDL IV and BCO V has been launched, while CLO 6 is in
its warehousing phase, with pricing anticipated in the summer.

Deepening the platform’s leadership
as it scales

In line with Bridgepoint’s broadened platform, a new
management structure has been put in place to support the
firm's medium-term priorities and help enable the growth and
diversification of the platform. Boards have been established for
the firm’s private equity and credit businesses, and comparable
board will be established for ECP when it joins the Group.

Each board is led by a senior team responsible for growing

their respective product areas while continuing to focus

on their core investment activities.

Atthe Group level, a Group Management Committee has been
established, which is responsible for the delivery of the Group’s
strategy. It will include members from both Bridgepoint and,
following the ECP transaction, the ECP investment businesses.
‘Group Operating Committee has also been established,
responsible for the day-to-day operations of the Group,
ensuring that central functions efficiently support each
business unit and the Group's expansion.

‘These committees bring together a dedicated and highly
experienced management team to drive growth and enhance
shareholder value. I look forward to seeing the results of their
combined efforts.

Looking to the future with confidence
Bridgepoint’s diversified investment strategies and healthy
pipeline of potential investments and exits position the firm
well to navigate the year ahead with confidence.

Amid ongoing industry consolidation, opportunities for inorganic
growth and expansion into new asset classes are being actively
explored, alongside continued scaling of Bridgepoint’s current
strategies and broadening product offerings.

We are ambitious and confident in the Group's ability to deliver
continued growth and value creation.

Pd like to thank all colleagues working at Bridgepoint for their
dedication and hard work. It is thanks to them that the business
is in such a strong position today.

Quan

a

Raoul Hughes
Chief Executive

11


===== page 14 =====
pointyes2023"Annual

=— with ECP

ig experience Raa



===== page 15 =====
[orideepointies2023¥Annuall RepomyeyACcounts)

puctesicRepory

leader in the following sub-segments:

D

With AUM of €21 billion, ECP is a market Saeeeretecteos

hemmiiiypiberbadanteoayS
Badiversification aay

Flagship funds ||) Qeanfnmeniton Gas
€16.5bn AUM iin AUM

Omar vdiidtes
stn AUM



===== page 16 =====
Bridgepointay2023-AnnuallRepor@sACCOUNTS mE EStrategiqReporty

ECP in action

ind solarspluses

Agorenerdrdemmanstyy



===== page 17 =====
[srideepoin tear 025A nual epOruSPACCOURS) Suaneete Repet

“asf gpd yy Rasen egos

28,000 tCO,e

Gvoided|bygRestaurancilechnologicssolucionsy

Saadeh
spec emt engi si A pnd.



===== page 18 =====
Bridgepointtsy2023'Annual Report’ S’Accounts Strategic Report]

Doug Kimmelman Q&A

ts aCe
b Group Management ye

(Canyy oufdescribelE CRstrocuswithin]
irhefener gyisectorgandhits]
fadpemamie? _.

Tavayeteddbmde
qpperuminy wo avedeme the
gomhefithom ims” - cr



===== page 19 =====
$4.0 billion Ssesseaies'

_ Egat REP Vantnioascodamta Anal - eteeno grt dntosdew tytn
“ aeanto die cnet puso cay pad es a A iy
Mow dees BGP tovemarnagpoendh ina tiy mag sel = *
align}withiBridgepoints7g sive bynes tec oust Cadi
GR le BAdgspatin ts wimetimivenimsm, focew orks
ones aE oe “

eo
= = qupedems enone St
: salle by Pee evans thors pstg :

Srommhegnex



===== page 20 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Market overview

Bridgepoint is well positioned for uncertain times.

2023 unfolded against a challenging macroeconomic backdrop. The global economy experienced
the complexities of a combination of inflationary pressures, geopolitical tensions and monetary policy
adjustments. Despite this uncertainty, Bridgepoint’s disciplined investment approach, experienced team,
broad sector diversity and geographic presence, coupled with a middle market focus, leave the Group

well positioned.

Factor

Macroeconomic conditions

‘Throughout 2023, the global economy continued to navigate a
complex macroeconomic landscape, impacted by interest rate
policy adjustments initiated to curb inflation. These monetary
measures have set a new tone both in Europe and the US.
Geopolitical factors further affected the economic narrative,
leading to a cautious outlook among investors. This macroeconomic
picture was increasingly reflected in valuations across financial
markets, resulting in a nuanced picture for private market activities.
Ac the time of writing, as we look ahead to the rest of 2024,

there are some reasons for optimism: inflation is tapering across
most major markets, it appears the US economy may achieve

the much discussed ‘soft landing’ and there is an expectation of

a modest uptick in EU market growth, all positive indicators

for private markets globally.

Impact on Bridgepoint

Private market activity

Through 2023 the alternative asset middle market continued to
exhibit resilience, with a reasonable level of deal activity, albeit
reduced relative to the record levels seen during 2021 and the
first half of 2022. There are now signs of improving momentum
in the market and a strengchening exit environment.

In the medium-term, the private asset management market continues
to benefit from sector tailwinds. Private marker investments are an
increasingly important asset class both for investors seeking returns
and for asset management firms, resulting in increasing allocations
to private assets. In comparison to public markers, the nature of
private markers investing is typically longer term, with capital locked
into funds for periods commonly ranging from seven to 10 years,
which provides some stabilicy during periods of uncertainty.

Bridgepoint’s alternative investment strategies are well positioned
for the current environment, with middle market assets typically
both higher growth and less dependent on macroeconomic growth
than larger businesses, with higher interest rates boosting recurns
in private credit and with energy transition infrastructure
benefiting from strong sector tailwinds as well as the resilience
associated with the asset class. These factors, coupled with
Bridgepoint’s continued discipline in investment approach and
portfolio construction, provide a level of stability for Bridgepoint
amidst broader market volatility.

18

Whilst not immune to trends in the level of market activity,
Bridgepoint continued to deploy and return capital, completing
13 private equity acquisitions and 6 exits. In total Bridgepoint
deployed €3.3 billion during 2023 with all funds rémaining on
track to hit their deployment targets.

Ic is worth noting that within Bridgepoint’s private equity business
the sector-led investment approach results in an average tracking
period of three years prior to investment and 88% of acquisitions
resulting from either proprietary sourcing or from limited auctions.
Both of these contribute to Bridgepoint’s ability to deploy capital
despite wider market conditions. In relation to ECP, its deep
sector knowledge similarly gives it significant off-market
origination capability.


===== page 21 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Factor

Interest rates

The Federal Reserve stated towards the end of 2022 that

it would “stay the course” with rate hikes “until the job was done”.
This was borne out, not just in the US but more generally,

as rates continued to rise through the first half of 2023,

followed by a more consistent second half of the year

as inflation began to taper across most of our markers.

A higher interest rate environment had a detrimental effect on
alternative asset activity through 2023 as investors continued

to adjust to the new environment. However, this is less impactful
for Bridgepoint’s private equity strategy, which is not dependent
on leverage for the creation of investment returns, and higher rates
improve investor returns for Bridgepoint’s private credit strategy.

Impact on Bridgepoint

Fundraising

The majority of 2023 saw a continuation of the well-documented
slowdown in alternatives fundraising, with macro volatility leading
to investor caution and many mature investors facing allocation
issues in part because of a denominator effect exacerbated by the
relative outperformance of alternative assets and in part a lack of
liquidicy caused by lower returns of capital from exits. The impact
‘was most significant in mature markets where investors are at or
near their target allocations to alternative asset classes. This more
conservative investor outlook resulted in greater focus by investors
on reinvesting with their existing managers rather than committing
to new managers. The overall effect was offset in part by
significant new capital continuing to flow to the alternatives asset
class and more generally towards the end of 2023 and into the
start of 2024, the outlook for fundraising has improved.

The majority of Bridgepoint equity portfolio companies enjoy
high margins wich strong cash generation, creating recurns through
focused domestic and international value creation strategies

rather than leverage, which is typically modest compared to peers.

‘The vast majority of Bridgepoint Credit’s portfolios feature
floating rate instruments (i.e. Euribor+), with Euribor having
increased from negative at the start of 2022 to nearly 4% by
December 2023. As a result, credit returns typically benefit from
the higher rate environment. In addition to this, the recent market
uncertainty has created a number of opportunities for private
credit to increase market share. The decline in activity from
traditional lenders has resulted in increased opportunities for
Bridgepoint’s Direct Lending strategy, while Bridgepoint’s Credit
Opportunities strategy has benefited from volatility in the
secondary market, providing opportunities for investment

at attractive prices.

In 2023, material capital was raised for BE VII and ECP V,
both of which will close shortly, and the Group successfully
closed BDL III and BCO IV. €2.7 billion was raised in 2023
across Bridgepoint (excluding ECP), a significant achievement,
especially given the lower level of fundraising in the year across
the market more generally.

Ina more cautious investor environment, Bridgepoint’s deep

and well-resourced investment platform, disciplined investment
strategy, consistent deployment pace and highly experienced team
have all proved valuable. Bridgepoint is well placed for BDC V,
BDL IV, BCO V and BG II, which are now fundraising.

19


===== page 22 =====
[Bridgepointier202¥AnnuallReporustACcounts) pStratceidRepory

The market for ECP

The energy tansition opportunity

: Shorgy oansitma bac dass wit pba ~ Onadiditian, rmign cit emsarany to Nod Amen ns
fasseuy 8 a3 |
* genie, with eppuoximnaly $1.3 fltion of ALIN, end fh fas acknas to deantdtyy munteens The kay metas on whitish ROP
Goma Ra wreci our ISB par yan since JOO, The oaaygy fesmss ar exposing osemd cleats demama ompsr ihigd
ransivonpeemendhasoce iy vo iwidey aquanad to cadlnene cum totia, ty dhe adepuion off
Bla nerexpansion}nasoecnyduivenoygincreasingxconccinsy dante wdhiidias the Mion and) deonhoigefaxmimanming °

anagy scanty adedh aT anddteangeingsohDTamaS” 4. 50. as mitre tiaedastoamtad mene
“> @aTMasioeatn exe, Me eee aes (adit nerdhe UD tslbten Rehnaa At
.  nagy Gatton emis wobe okay comiburer toandbentitery — wes ountad, $1 00 billtan has haan ftovastad te domastie daa
P. y tho Neneh Ammanian, STO bili tn che BY sappy chen amd)

1: Oe athe) docatentsattem cian, Pmanuractunneminaluding}

‘hae GP; epsnctes, Hieigmened Gebel exceed damand  SIObilten in aclar’ Gini, deta eantras coments
‘Rede onagy and an: [ransiiony Ryichypublicg toaypand anes the US, with AD dena cartes naguiing ssusn
rire preset (ovesnen Gansoute Tantaty conanptins besponad coop

2 ae foumerous) cant co span

Te Qaandontse the enangy saeten,  Porceested) PHAUS dscutdiyy damand ty DBO cp trem Bin AW),

Sa caradtl| ; dermemnd fn map and} conanete gansanttem

tnaana by 15H omuamefages-oetind 627 ellen Be
_ «fuse en dts sete wlll crane digntificam doh :
sacar and ean Up cemarams aves fer groudh,

SZ Z2y\s Qe”



===== page 23 =====
[Bridgepointy72023 Annual Report &Accounts Strategic Report]

. aie a ed
ito dive continued growth :



===== page 24 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Strategy

Bridgepoint is a global leader in middle market private asset investing
and strongly positioned to continue to deliver significant growth.

Our strategy is focused on growing and diversifying Bridgepoint’s business and creating value for clients and shareholders.

‘There are three strategic pillars:

Scale existing
Strategies

Product strategy
extension

Expand into
new alternative
asset Classes

Continue the track record of strong
AUM growth established over the
past two decades through scaling

existing strategies.

_ Capitalise on Bridgepoint’s strong

strategies within their respective
markets. This includes through
deepening the presence in existing
geographies which increases the
<<] opportunities to deploy capital. In

in separately managed accounts
(particularly in Bridgepoint Credit)

position by continuing to scaling existing
strategies, through further enhancing
each strategy’s investment platform and
exploiting the opportunity of an evolving
alternative asset management market.

Continual investment in our platform
enables the consistent scaling of existing

combination with long-term growth in
the middle marker this enables growth
in core successor funds. Sequential fund
growth is complemented by growth

and the growth in continuation funds.

Continue to launch new credit,
infrastructure and equity products
within existing investment strategies.

Usilise the strength of our existing
platform, origination capability, domain
and sector knowledge and strong central
functions to launch funds that
complement our core strategies.

Bridgepoine has a strong track record of
developing new products within existing
investment strategies. Both the private
equity and credit businesses began as
single investment strategies before
growing both organically and
inorganically, so that each currently

has three distinct investment products.
The combination with ECP will increase
these opportunities, for example there

is an opportunity to accelerate ECP’s
nascent infrastructure debr strategy.

vy

f

Continue to successfully develop
new businesses in adjacent private
market asset classes, either through
acquisition or incubation.

Significant scope remains to enhance
Bridgepoint’s scale and market
positioning, and create platform
synergies through entry into adjacent
alternative asset classes.

The forthcoming combination with

ECP is the latest example of the Group’s
strong track record of successfully
acquiring and integrating new businesses.
In the medium-term, Bridgepoint sees
scope for similar acquisitions within other
private markets asset classes, such as real
estate and secondaries, as well as other
segments of existing asset classes where
the Group's well-invested operating
placform, capital-raising capabilities and
reputation would enable acquired
businesses to more successfully scale
their operations.



===== page 25 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

Strategy in action

A track record of expansion

Bridgepoint has grown from a middle market private equity business primarily focused on the UK to a diversified alternative asset

manager with a global presence.

Year AUM

2023

2021

2020 o

2018 o

2016 Cc

2000

1, Pro forma for ECP as ar 31 December 2023

Partnership with ECP

The combination with ECP will bring - Provides ECP with mature
material benefits to the enlarged European investment platform
Bridgepoint Group and delivers and complementary credit offering
on the strategy communicated at IPO: _ Highly complementary fit from
- Combination will accelerate a cultural, client relationships _
Bridgepoint’s strategic divetsification and geographic focus perspective
by adding value-add infrastructure
as a meaningful third growth pillar
IPO

Provides capital for accelerated growth and listed share currency
for potential acquisitions

Bridgepoint Credit (EQT Credit acquisition)
Creates material presence in the second largest alternative asset
class, providing scale and further growth potential

Dyal (now named Blue Owl) minority transaction
Provides capital to the Group for accelerated growth

Bridgepoint Credit (organic expansion)
Establishes Bridgepoint in the second largest alternative asset class,
providing diversity and growth potential

US presence established

Develops Bridgepoint’s global presence, supports portfolio companies,
increases deployment capability and therefore potential fund growth,
and reinforces existing activities in North America

Bridgepoint Growth
Third pillar of Bridgepoint PE

Acquisitions of Hermes’ direct investment

platform & funds

(Previously managed by Edmund de Rothschild) Takes Bridgepoint’s
insticutionalised approach and platform to the SMID cap market

Independence from NatWest
Bridgepoint established as an independent business following
a management buyout

23


===== page 26 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

Our business model

Bridgepoint is a global leader

in middle market private asset
investing. The Group has a 30-year
track record of delivering compelling
returns with an attractive risk profile.

We provide the capital and expertise to facilitate growth

We raise capital from, and invest on behalf of, a globally diverse, long-standing and growing blue-chip client base,

which includes many of the world’s leading investors. Indeed, the Group has base of more than 280 institutional investors
with longstanding relationships with Bridgepoint. We use our expertise and leading investment platform to generate strong
returns for these investors and receive fees for managing their capital.

Acombination of:

vw

First-class investor Leading investment Hands-on value

services platform creation

Enables us to:

vw wv vw

Invest in middle Create strong consistent

Raise fund capital

market assets investment performance

We take a responsible approach to investment and value creation

~> Read more on pages 42 to 47

Delivering:

Strong returns for Fees for managing

fund investors clients’ capital

24


===== page 27 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts ” Strategic Report

Our investment strategies
A global leader in middle market private assets investing

€61.6bn

Assets under management

(pro forma for the ECP transaction)

Private Equity

€28.16n) Bridgepoint
Bridgepoint Europe

Bridgepoint Development Capital

Bridgepoint Growth

Private Credit
€12.4(6n)

Bridgepoint Direct Lending
Bridgepoint Credit Opportunities
Bridgepoint Syndicated Debt

Infrastructure
€21.16n)

ECP Value-add Infrastructure
ECP Forestar Infrastructure Debt

Our client base

Clients by geography Clients by type
@ Americas 41% Wl Pension Funds 42%
0 Europe 34% 1 Asset Managers 35%
APAC 13% &lnsurance
MENA 12% M@swrs 14%
1 Endowments, 8%
Foundations
& Family offices
O Other 1%
* MENA includes israel Information shown on this page is pro forma for the ECP transaction

25


===== page 28 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

Our business model continued

How we create value in
private equity

Bridgepoint offers a differentiated

middle market position. It operates at enterprise
values below those targeted by large cap firms
and more broadly and deeply than other middle
market platforms.

Pre-eminent dedicated middle market investor with global presence

We create value through:

Ww ww wv

Our people Our approach

| Sector-driven investment strategies

E . Outstanding market position directed towards niches with structured,
ntrepreneurial culture : : .
and reputation growth and designed to exploit
| local insight

Value-creating operating skills -

Total middle market immersion deepened during GFC

30+ years of institutional heritage

A
!

{
{

Broad, well-established
networks on the ground providing
high-quality origination

Differentiated and sustainable approach delivering high-quality returns
Bridgepoint’s private equity investment approach has delivered _Bridgepoint has delivered these high-quality returns through

strong and consistent recurns. Based on latest benchmarking careful portfolio construction, sensible use of leverage and
(Q3 2023), all Bridgepoint Europe and Bridgepoint Development _ disciplined asset selection focused on high margin, cash
Capital funds raised after the global financial crisis of 2008 generative businesses in combination with a hands-on

to 2009 are first or upper second quartile performers. value-creation philosophy.

26


===== page 29 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

How we create value in
private credit

Bridgepoint Credit uses its deep market
presence and insight-driven approach to create
investment opportunities from across the whole
Bridgepoint network in defensive sectors with
strong downside protection.

Deep experience with a broad and differentiated origination capability

We create value through:

vw vw vw
Our people Our approach
Highly experienced Broad platform with presence Stringent asset selection to hit target
and cycle-tested team in eight Bridgepoint offices performance with the least possible rs

Invest in resilient business models

Culture of shared knowledge 330+ industrial advisers in defensive industries

——

Leverage the whole Bridgepoint
network and deep sector expertise

Leveraging experience, insight and the Bridgepoint network to deliver compelling
risk-adjusted returns

The highly experienced Bridgepoint Credit team has invested cash yield of 10%. Additionally across BDL funds their have been
approximately €18 billion in more than 350 companies since no realised losses in their portfolios, demonstrating the success of
inception with a demonstrable track record of delivering BDL's rigorous asset selection process, which focuses on businesses

consistently strong risk-adjusted returns. For example, in aggregate _ operating in defensive sectors with strong credit fundamentals, and
as of Q4 2023 the BDL II fund has delivered gross and net IRRs___involves the team’s thorough due diligence approach that utilises
of 9% and 8% respectively from the unlevered sleeve anda gross __the full breadch of Bridgepoint’s knowledge and experience.

27


===== page 30 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

How ECP creates value in
Infrastructure

ECP is a market leader in critical infrastructure
focused on energy transition, electrification
decarbonisation-focused infrastructure assets,
with deep sector experience and a decades-
long track record.

A leading Infrastructure investor focusing on energy transition

We create value through:

wv Ww wv

[eee | contonans | coum

25+ years of successfully investing

, Early mover advantage in the sector Value-add, hands-on partner
in energy transition

Invest-in real assets, critical
tosociety and with inflation
and downside protection

The largest independent owner

Deep domain expertise and networks ° .
of US power generation capacity

Reputable and reliable capital across Focus on risk management and
sector expertise the energy transition spectrum minimising commodity price risk

Deep sector knowledge and market leadership drives consistent, strong risk-adjusted returns
ECP, which has raised nearly $30 billion of capital since inception ECP delivers value through real specialisation built up through
in 2005, has a leading position in the highly sought after energy _navigating multiple energy, regulatory and environmental
transition and sustainability-focused investing ecosystem in North transitions over three decades. This has resulted in a consistently
America. Energy transition investing stands to be the key driver. _ strong investment performance track record delivering a gross
and beneficiary of the global decarbonisation effort, with forecast MOIC of ~2.0x since 2010.

investment in the space expected to be €1.9 trillion per annum

until 2050, creating significant tailwinds and multiple potential

growth avenues.

28



===== page 31 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Strategic Report

The combination with ECP will bring together two hi
complementary businesses

Shared ECP and Bridgepoint values:
~ Fund investors come first
- Collegial approach
~ Longevity of talent

Dagp bench offesntior ellen Diy complamemery

~ More than 75 partners across . soe
. Client base significantly enhanced
the combined platform >170 new client relationships to Bridgepoint

-415 Year average cenure of parmners <25% overlap in investor bases by commitment

Combined platform will have
> 460 FTEs across 14 offices
in Europe, US and Asia



===== page 32 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Our business model in action

Sector: Food and environmental science services
Location: UK

Date acquired: 2023

Transaction size: £80 million

Fund: BDC IV

Fera Science is a differentiated provider of complex testing, research
and development, assurance and data services to the agriculture,
food and environmental sectors. The company, which is headquartered
in the UK, operates in a £600 million market which is benefiting
from strong tailwinds including ongoing population growth and
the resulting increase in food production, regulatory requirements
and testing intensity, as well as a growing focus on supply chain
transparency and sustainability.

‘The partnership builds on Bridgepoint’s track record and expertise
in the testing, inspection and certification (“TIC”) and agriTech
markets with previous investments made including LGC, the
international life sciences measurement and testing company;

30

Element, the global leader in materials and product qualification
testing in the aerospace, energy, fire and transportation markets;
Achilles, the technology enabled provider of sustainable supply
chain solutions; Rovensa, a provider of specialty crop nutrition,
biocontrol and protection products; and Sun World, a leadirig
fruit genetics, R&D and licensing business.

Our investment in Fera will focus on accelerating its organic
revenue growth in both the public and private sectors, supported
by investment in business development functions and resources.
Fera operates in a fragmented market, which offers the potential
for further upside to the investment case through smaller cuck-in
acquisitions or more sizable M&A.

[o)

6-9%

expected growth rate of Fera’s addressable TIC market
in the medium-term, underpinned by secular tailwinds



===== page 33 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

betuyg

Sector: Technology

Location: US

Investment date: 2021

Instrument: Convertible preferred equity
Fund: BCO IV

Blume Global is a leading provider of supply chain execution
and visibility software. Launched as an independent business

in 2018, the company provides a cloud-first, intelligent operating
platform that orchestrates global supply chain processes,

for shippers (buyers and suppliers), logistics service providers

and carriers. There are more than 10,000 companies on Blume
Global’s platform, including some of the largest shippers,

ocean carriers, railroads and global freight forwarders.

Blume’s mission is to reduce inefficiencies and waste

across global supply chains through digitisation.

Bridgepoint Credit’s partnership with Blume benefited from

a long-standing relationship with Blume’s CEO, Pervinder Johar,
who has been part of Bridgepoint’s industrial advisor network
for a number of years.

Our investment in Blume was made in the form of a bespoke
structured convertible preferred equity instrument to meet the
needs of the situation. The capital was used to support organic
growth as well as to make a complementary acquisition to expand
Blume's European presence.

Blume’s highly strategic product offering and capabilities were
recognised throughout the industry, and in 2023, we exited our
investment when Blume was sold to WiseTech Global, a listed
competitor, realising attractive risk-adjusted returns for the
Credit Opportunities platform

Blume Global's mission is to reduce

$1 trillion

of waste from global supply chains

31


===== page 34 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Our people

Our people are our greatest asset. Our ability to deliver for
our investors, portfolio and shareholders relies on our ability
to attract and retain the best talent.

We aim to recruit the very best talent, incentivise them to work hard and drive returns for our investors. We also strive to create
a work environment where every voice is heard, and every individual's wellbeing is valued. Because doing so makes Bridgepoint
a better place to work. And becoming more diverse, equitable and inclusive broadens the team’s perspective, which helps us achieve
our investment and strategic goals.

Our people strategy centres around four key pillars

7

Attract

We aim to recruit the
very best talent,
building diverse teams
of professionals who
exhibit passion for
performance and drive.

Develop

We operate an
‘apprenticeship model’
offering hands-on
learning,
supplemented with
extensive training and
development.

®

Retain

Our rewards are
weighted towards
performance and
long-term alignment
with fund investors.

Care

Our values define how
we do business and
how we treat people.
We foster a creative,
connected community.

391

59%

14

employees of investment professionals years’ average partner tenure
are multilingual

>30 14% 77/10

nationalities low curnover among investment engagement score in 2023

32

professionals


===== page 35 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Our values

Our values guide everything we do, from committing
investors’ capital, to working with portfolio companies,
to supporting our teams. These values are:

We do what we say
We do the right thing
We act with intelligence and humility

These values define us, guide us, shape our culture and
help us to uphold the highest standards of corporate
governance and professionalism across Bridgepoint.

33


===== page 36 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Our people continued

We aim to recruit irrespective of identity or background, provide a
framework for all talent to progress and enable the best to advance.

Investing in our people

During 2023, we continued to invest in our people - growing and
further embedding our learning culture across the organisation.
Based on the investment lifecycle, our approach is to enhance
on-the-job learning for investment professionals with skill development
in origination, deal execution, portfolio management and exits.

Investment professionals across private equity and private credit
follow a skills and attributes framework, which is designed to
ensure consistent development and benchmarking of capabilities.
We also have a learning platform which provides a wealth of
online courses and modules.

To support career progression, Bridgepoint offers a wide variety
of talent and leadership development programmes. As part of this,
we promote international rotations and secondments, fostering
diverse experience across various markets, funds and teams.
‘These programmes are continuously evolving to remain current
and relevant to the needs of our colleagues.

Complementing this hands-on approach, we offer comiprehensive
annual performance appraisals, executive coaching and mentoring
initiatives, including the Women’s Mutual Mentoring Programme.

Supporting the wellbeing of our people - mental and physical ~
has always been important to us. We offer a variety of mental
health resources including our Employee Assistance Programme,
the Thrive app and access to professional psychologists. We also
provide a Wellness allowance to eligible employees to support
their fitness activities and hobbies.

Employee feedback and engagement

We value regular employee feedback as it helps us guide the
direction of new initiatives that positively impact our people's
experience. We conduct regular employee engagement surveys
which inform decisions at the Board level and guide our efforts to
retain and attract top talent. We have also enhanced our internal
communications to help employees better understand and deliver
our strategic objectives

We were pleased with the results from our latest employee
engagement survey, which had a participation rate of over 80%
and an overall engagement score of 7.7 (out of 10). The strongest
themes included peer relationships and being able to count

on colleagues to help out when needed, clear expectations

on goal-setting and delivery, as well as a strong understanding

of the strategy and goals of the Company.

DEIB

It’s our ambition to better reflect the communities in which
we operate by creating an environment where the best have

an opportunity to thrive, regardless of background. Our approach
to Diversity, Equity, Inclusion & Belonging (“DEIB") is about our
diversity of thought and collective intelligence and the impact they
can bring on the quality of our decision-making, outcomes and
performance. It is not about tokenism or ticking boxes.

We recognise that we still have a way to go but we're proud of what
we've achieved so far. We have a balanced team when it comes to
gender, with women representing close to half our collective workforce
and occupying half of the leadership roles in our specialist teams.

Investment professionals: Learning and development pathway at Bridgepoint

International Associate

Conference on Leadership
Programme

‘Two-year programme Annual event which:
consisting of: —
8 ~ Develops leadership skills
~ Launch event for orientation | | _ reacures active learning
~ Four training modules on sessions and external
technical and speakers

communication skills ~ Includes discussions with

- International rotation Bridgepoint’s senior leaders

within the first four years

~ Closing celebration event

, New Partner Development
Leaders’ Forum P
Programme

Annual event whi

One-year programme

consisting of:
- Fosters cross-office 8

networking ~ Leadership briefing with
~ Enhances insights into peers

Bridgepoint’s key markers | | - Guidance from a senior
~ Facilitates discussion on Bridgepoint mentor

Bridgepoint’s strategic - External executive

growth coaching sessions

34


===== page 37 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

On the investment side, we've affected real change with 25%
of our investment professionals now being women, a marked
development since 2016 when that figure was closer to 5%.
More female talent is coming through the senior ranks, with the
ultimate aim of ensuring we have female representation in key
decision-making forums across the Bridgepoint Group. DEIB,
of course, extends beyond gender and there is work going on
across our organisation to ensure that we're making progress.

We have implemented a range of programmes that target specific
aspects of DEIB:

- The International Associate Programme (“JAP”) addresses
gender imbalance and helps us make our investment teams
more equal. Our goal is to raise the number of female investment
professionals to 30% by end of 2025 (and 40% when you
exclude the Partner group).

Our mentoring programmes pair mentors and mentees from
across our firms and business units. They highlight and celebrate
different backgrounds and experiences and build cohesion and
inchasiveness across the Group. Over 100 mentor-mentee pairs
have participated in these programmes in the last three years.

‘An insights week targets young people from a wide range of
socioeconomic backgrounds and introduces them to different
professional pathways and entry points into the asset
management industry, to help pave the way to greater social
diversity within our industry. In 2023, we hosted 40 students
aged between 16 and 22 at our London office, from a wide
range of backgrounds.

Our Women’s Leadership Forum and dedicated mutual
mentoring programme ensure every voice is heard and help
to break down barriers to communication and understanding,
ensuring a more inclusive environment.

Wherever we've identified the need for action, we've done so decisively
and will continue to do so. In addition to creating programmes that seek
to benefit our people, we have put in place a company-wide DEIB
framework that guides balanced recruitment, fair opportunities for
promotion and taining, as well as family policies that support our team
members throughout all stages in their lives. In 2024, our DEIB strategy
will maintain our focus on gender and inclusion, while extending our
efforts beyond gender. You can read more in our ESG Commiree
report on page 99.

We also affect change by partnering with other firms in the
industry, for example as members of France Invest, Level 20,
Out Investors, 10,000 Black Interns in the UK and Girls Who Invest
in the US. You can find out more about some of these on page 46.

By becoming more diverse, equitable and inclusive,
Bridgepoint is becoming a better business.

Our people and networks

Our people have been making an impact across the Company.
A highlight of 2023 was the Alpine Challenge, where

100 colleagues undertook a trek for two days, covering over
2,500m of total ascent and raising funds for seven charities.

‘The Bridgepoint Charitable Trust matched the total amount raised.

We celebrated International Women’s Day with a series of
informal events across the office network. Our London office
partnered with Smart Works, a charity dedicated to helping
unemployed women regain the confidence to succeed at job
interviews and return to employment. Our colleagues contributed
by donating professional clothing, shoes and accessories for women.

Volunteering initiatives included planting trees with UK charity
“Trees for Cities’ and supporting the annual summer party organised
by ‘Lebenshilfe Frankfurc’, a charity promoting disability equality.

25%

female investment professionals

Gender breakdown

As at 31 December 2023

All Group employees? Direct reports to Executive
(permanent) Committee members

Female 2B
Mate 43

1. Of those that provided data

41%

of promotions in 2023 were female

Board of Directors

Executive Committee
members



===== page 38 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Stakeholder engagement and
section 172(1) statement

Key stakeholders

The Board has identified its key
stakeholders as colleagues, the community,
fund investors, portfolio companies,
regulators, shareholders and suppliers’.

Colleagues
tf

nity
Fund investors
mpar

w
mi

Shareholders
Suppliers

1. Ordered alphabercally

Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 requires the Directors to
act ina way that they consider, in good faith, would most likely
promote the success of the Company for the benefit of its
members as a whole.

In doing this, section 172 requires the Directors to have regard,
amongst other matters, to:

~ the likely consequences of any decisions in the long-term;

~ the interests of the Company's employees;

~ the need to foster the Company's business relationships
with suppliers, customers and others;

~ the impact of the Company’s operations on the community
and environment,

~ the desirability of the Company maintaining a reputation
for high standards of business conduct; and

- the need to act fairly as between members of the Company.

The Corporate Governance Code requires the Board to understand
the views of the Company’s key stakeholders and describe how
their interests, and the matters set out in section 172 of the
Companies Act 2006, have been considered by the Board

in discussions and decision-making.


===== page 39 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

wi

c hye
1

; “eet a § :

© deayayti . > il

% “i 4 Hi
ot .
sf

‘The key considerations in respect of these stakeholders and the Board’s approach to engaging with them are explained below.

Colleagues

Key considerations

Bridgepoint is a people
business. Its employees are
integral to the continued
success of the Group,

and therefore the retention,
development and motivation
of colleagues is key.

How Bridgepoint engages with colleagues

The Board actively engages with colleagues through a variety of channels, including
town hall briefings, videos and team meetings. On an annual basis, the Group
conducts an employee engagement survey to obtain feedback from employees,

the results of which are fed back to business unit heads, senior management and the
Board as appropriate, and a number of actions are taken in response. The year-on-
year progress on survey results is monitored carefully as part of this review.

Members of the Board meet with various members of senior management and
colleagues from across the business, both through Board and committee meetings
and through separate discussions. This enables them to continue to build
relationships with the senior management team as well as the broader employee base.

A designated Non-Executive Director (Angeles Garcia-Poveda) is responsible for
gathering employee feedback and spent time across Bridgepoint’s network during
2023. Angeles was also actively involved in a number of firm-wide initiatives in
2023, including involvement in activities held within Bridgepoint on International
Women’s Day in March.

The Group continuously invests in its people through internal career development
initiatives, such as the International Associate Programme, Conference on
Leadership, Leaders’ Forum, New Partner Development Programme and mutual
mentoring programmes. We also have a learning platform which provides a wealth of
online courses, including the Bridgepoint Core Training Programme which provides
employees the opportunity to develop their personal and professional skills through
internal and external training. In addition to professional development, colleague
wellbeing is a core focus, with health resources including our Employee Assistance
Programme, the Thrive app, access to professional psychologists, and a wellness
allowance for eligible employees to support their fitness activities and hobbies.

37


===== page 40 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

Stakeholder engagement continued

Fund investors

Key considerations How Bridgepoint engages with fund investors
: The Group has a dedicated investor relations function, which manages the Group's
Fund investors are a central P 8 P
fe fthe G °5 busi relationships with all of its fund investors whilst seeking to develop new relationships
ocus of the Group’s business. with prospective investors.

They provide the capital Management of relationships with fund investors has continued to be a key priority

which the Group invests throughout 2023 as a result of the Group's significant fundraising activities across
a strategies, High levels of engagement and communication with existing and

as part of its investment prospective fund investors continued throughout the year, including during annual

management activities and investor meetings and investor committee sessions where investors’ views were

heard on a range of topics. Regular feedback on these meetings and ongoing
are who the Group owes fandraising activity is provided to the Board and to senior management.
regulatory duties to. Fund investors typically undertake due diligence on the Group as part of their

assessment of an investment into a Bridgepoint managed fund. Undertaking these
exercises with both the Group's private equity and private credit investor bases
during 2023 helped to provide the Group with an up-to-date view of the primary
concerns and considerations of such investors, and these were factored into how
the Group approached the establishment, management and operation of the funds
in which fund investors invest.

Fund investors also receive regular updates through calls, relationship meetings
and various forms of written reports which focus on the provision of high-quality
and timely information and data.

Shareholders

Key considerations How Bridgepoint engages with shareholders
Members of the Board (including the Executive Directors and the
A strong and transparent Senior Independent Director) regularly engage with sharcholders of the Compan
y engag y
relationship with and encourage feedback as part of this engagement process, and in 2023 more time
shareholders is essential for was invested by Directors in speaking to and meeting with existing and potential
shareholders. This engagement helped the Board to understand the, at times,
the long-term success of the conflicting interests of different shareholders, and to make decisions in a way that
treats shareholders and other stakeholders fair!
Group.

In connection with the Company’s agreement to add ECP to its platform, a webcast
was hosted in September and a general meeting was held in October where
shareholders were provided an opportunity to engage with the Company

and ask questions about the transaction.

Bridgepoint’s approach to capital allocation throughout the year took into account
the views of shareholders, and reflective of this, the Board believes the two share
buyback programmes announced during the year demonstrated a focus on balanced
and disciplined capital allocation.

‘The ongoing participation of employee shareholders as attendees and presenters at
meetings of the Board and its committees also provides an opportunity for the Board
and its Non-Executive Directors to connect with shareholders.

Asin previous years, following the release of both Bridgepoint’s preliminary results for
2022 and 2023 interim results, shareholders and analysts were given the opportunity
to join a webcast attended by certain Directors to discuss the results and raise questions,
and this was complemented by regular engagement throughout the year with equity
research analysts.

38


===== page 41 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

Key considerations
The companies in which
funds managed by the
Group invest are

the source of returns

to its fund investors

and ultimately the
Group’s shareholders.
Bridgepoint-backed
companies employ over
300,000 people and
have a significant role

in the wider community.

How Bridgepoint engages with portfolio companies

Responsible management of portfolio companies and prudent investing centres around
sustainable value creation through a constant focus on financial and non-financial
improvement. Strong relationships with management teams within portfolio companies and
deep sector and industry knowledge provide an opportunity for better strategic decision-making
at the investment level. This helps to drive value within portfolio companies, which
ultimately benefits the relevant fund investors and the Group's shareholders whilst also
benefiting the stakeholders of portfolio companies.

‘The Group's investment teams provide the principal means of portfolio company
engagement, with investments in Bridgepoint’s private equity strategy typically involving
the appointment of Group investment professionals as directors on portfolio company boards,
and investments in Bridgepoint’s private credit strategy often involving close relationships with
CFOs and management teams through the lender relationship.

Several of the Group's functions engage with portfolio companies at the outset of an
investment and also throughout the investment lifecycle in order to identify relevant
opportunities for operational improvement. The Group’s Sustainability ceam launched its
inaugural portfolio company feedback survey in 2022 in respect of sustainability matters
and throughout 2023 the team has worked on addressing several feedback points, including
providing portfolio companies with more resources and guidance documents throughout
the year, in particular as part of the climate programme. Alongside investment teams, the
Sustainability team drives the integration of ESG criteria into the Group’s investment
approach whilst che Group’s IT team makes recommendations following cybersecurity
reviews, in each case working with the management teams of portfolio companies to address
any identified opportunities following investment. For more information on ESG see pages
421047.

Key considerations

The Group recognises
the responsibility

it has to wider society
and is committed to
contributing positively
to the communities

in which it operates.

How Bridgepoint engages with the community

Bridgepoint is regularly involved in community outreach and has a long history of charitable
giving. The Group frequently seeks out partners where donations and support can make
areal difference in the communities where the Group's offices and people are based.

In June, 100 colleagues from across the Group took part in the Bridgepoint Alpine
Challenge, a multi-day trek which brought colleagues from various offices together whilst
fundraising for seven charities nominated by participants. The Bridgepoint Charitable Trust
matched all donations made, with a total of £222,000 raised and split equally between

the charities, The Bridgepoint Charitable Trust donated over a further £170,000 throughout
the year across a number of projects and to a number of community and charitable causes.

As part of the Group's activities in connection with International Women's Day in March,
donations of women’s professional clothing were made to Smart Works, a London-based
charity focused on helping unemployed women return to employment. In March, several
colleagues were involved in tree planting in a local community in West London whilst in April,
the London office donated an Easter egg for every child at a local primary school. As in previous
years, the Frankfurt office offered support to Frankfurter Lebenshilfe’s annual summer party

in September, and in December a Christmas gift appeal delivered gifts to two local London
primary schools with the Bridgepoint Charitable Trust matching donations.

The Board actively encourages, supports and monitors progress on initiatives that
it believes will have a positive impact on the environment and communities in which
the Group operates.

39


===== page 42 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Stakeholder engagement continued

Regulators

Key considerations

Regulators provide key oversight in
respect of how the Group operates
its business. The interests of fund
investors and shareholders are
served by Bridgepoint engaging
constructively with regulators.

Suppliers

How Bridgepoint engages with regulators

During 2023, Bridgepoint received regulatory registration

in Luxembourg, which involved significant and constructive
engagement with the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier.
In connection with the Company's transaction to add ECP to the Group,
several global regulators were engaged to seek various clearances and
approvals, including the UK’s Financial Conduct Authority.

‘The Group continues to contribute to industry bodies such as the British
Private Equity & Venture Capital Association and Invest Europe, and
through these and other channels the Group participates in regulator
consultations and provides other input.

Key considerations

Good relations with suppliers
are important to the Group’s
day-to-day functioning.

How Bridgepoint engages with suppliers

The Group regularly engages with its key suppliers, many of which are
established and reputable professional services firms, to ensure that each
party understands the requirements of the other and to ensure
transparent and constructive relations.

The Group typically approaches several providers when new or renewed
service provision is required, a process which creates an open dialogue
where a mutually beneficial relationship can be forged, in the interests
of both parties and ultimately the Group's other stakeholders as well.

‘The Group ensures appropriate due diligence is undertaken in respect
of third-party service providers prior to appointment, and appropriate
monitoring and oversight of appointed third-party service providers
is undertaken on a periodic basis.



===== page 43 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

The Board’s approach during 2023 to the matters set out in section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 is set out below.

Relevant consideration under section 172(1) of the Companies Act 2006 The Board's approach in 2023

(a) Long-term consequences of decisions

‘The Board maintains oversight of the Group's performance, and reserves to
itself specific matters for approval, including overall commercial strategy and
the business plan of the Group. This allows the Board to ensure that
longer-term considerations are taken into account.

Details of the Group's strategy are set out on pages 22 to 23 of this Annual
Report. During the year, the Board spent significant time discussing potential
strategic opportunities, including the ECP transaction, and considered the
longer-term growth of the business (including how excess funds held by the
business are appropriately invested).

Further details of other matters considered by the Board during the year are set
out on page 89. .

(b) Interests of employees

The Board has designated Angeles Garcia-Poveda as the Non-Executive
Director responsible for gathering workforce feedback.

More generally, the Board recognises the importance of employee engagement
and Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging, and has incorporated them as
measures of Executive Director performance.

‘The Board has considered the results of an employee engagement survey
undertaken in the second half of 2023, and various matters arising out of it.
‘The Remuneration Committee also considered broader workforce remuneration
during the year.

(c) Fostering business relationships with
suppliers, customers and others

Details on engagement with Bridgepoint’s stakeholders are set out
on pages 37 to 40.

(d) Impact of operations on the community
and the environment

During 2023, the Board’s ESG Committee discussed ESG matters and the
Board considered the Group's charitable giving strategy as well as the Group’s
tax strategy. Further details on ESG and sustainabilicy matters are set out on
pages 42 to 47. The Group has been carbon neutral and operating on 100%
renewable electricity since 2020. There were also continued efforts in 2023
to drive DEIB initiatives both at Bridgepoint and within our portfolio.

(e) Desirability of maintaining a reputation for
high standards of business conduct

‘The corporate governance framework of the Group is summarised
‘on pages 87 to 89.

‘The Board has pursued compliance with substantially all of the Corporate
Governance Code since the Company's IPO.

At Board meetings, the Group’s Company Secretary highlights developments
in corporate governance and wider legal requirements.

(f) The need to act fairly as between members of Details on engagement with Bridgepoint’s shareholders are set out on page 38.

the Company

The Board’s decisions in respect of both the ECP transaction and the share
buyback programmes included consideration of the effect of each on the
members of the Company and how to act fairly as becween them.

Al


===== page 44 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

How we approach sustainability

Weare growth investors, and we back businesses at critical
stages in their lifecycle. This gives us the opportunity to drive
positive change, not just in terms of performance but also in the
environment and society in which we operate.

We want to help businesses do good and grow faster But that’s not all we look for. We want ro generate attractive
and we believe sustainable, resilient businesses deliver returns in a manner the millions of beneficiaries of our funds
superior returns and a better society. can be proud of. From the outset, this is what we have

a strived to achieve.
‘When we invest, we invest to grow. Bridgepoint looks to support

strong-performing, good-quality, well-managed businesses that
have the potential to flourish, whether via international expansion,
operational improvement or acquisitions.

Since Bridgepoint was founded in 1985, our ambition has remained consistent:

Beneath that ambition lie four key sustainability beliefs
that guide our investment decision-making:

We believe that business can and should be a force for good. [3 | We believe in the power of the individual.

We drive growth and build value by connecting people, By bringing diverse teams together that reflect the world
capital, ideas and opportunities. in which we live, we can deliver better performance.

We believe we must invest in our world and its environment. [4 ] We believe well-governed businesses perform better

Environmental action is ushering in a new era of innovation, and are more resilient.

efficiency, and sustainable growth. Climate change represents Structure, accountability, effective decision-making,
an investment risk and an opportunity. and performance monitoring all enable sustainable
success for all stakeholders.

We evaluate our four core sustainability beliefs across essential areas: our group operations as entity, our investment decision making,
our portfolio operations, and portfolio practices.

42


===== page 45 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts.

Strategic Report

Sustainability at Group level

Icis our aim to make Bridgepoint a leader and a role model in corporate responsibility by continuously meeting and raising

environmental, social and governance standards.

2019

Since 2019, Bridgepoint has been
calculating its firm-level carbon
footprint on an annual basis and since
2020 has been offsetting the greenhouse
gas emissions associated with our
operations (including scope 1,2,3
emissions, excluding scope 3 category
15 financed emissions).

2020

Since 2020, we operate our global office
network on 100% renewable energy,
partnering with ACT Commodities,

a Bridgepoint portfolio company

and leading supplier of market-based
environmental solutions.

2023

‘The partnership with ECP will mark a
step change in the Group’s sustainability
impact. In 2023, we have also established
an ESG Committee of the Board to
oversee the implementation of the
Group’s ESG and DEIB policies

> See more on ECP on pages 12 to 17
> See ESG committee report on page 99

Governance

Laying our sustainability foundations

Our rigorous approach to the management of fund investments
includes putting in place structures to ensure that Bridgepoint remains
accountable and transparent, and that there is complete alignment

of interest between the Company and third-party fund investors.

Our Board-level ESG Committee, comprising Non-Executive
Directors, aims to ensure that ESG considerations, including
climate concerns, are integrated into the Company's strategic and
financial planning. It met twice in 2023 and assists the Board in
fulfilling its oversight responsibilities in relation to ESG matters.

> Read more about our ESG Committee on page 99.

Harnessing the power of our people

Bridgepoint is an international business: our employees come
from over 30 nations and 55% of investment professionals are
multilingual. But nationalities and languages are just the start.
We are working hard to enrich the diversity of our organisation
on every level and to ensure we foster an inclusive culture where
everyone has equal opportunity to succeed - we are currently at
25%+ female representation in investment teams and aim to be
30% by the end of 2025 (40% if you exclude partners).

> Read more about DEIB on pages 32 to 35.

Upon joining Bridgepoint, all new employees are provided with
sustainability training, providing new joiners with important
information on sustainability activity and our progress. In addition,
throughout 2023, the Sustainability team hosted training seminars
for the investment teams including sessions covering climate
change and responsible investment. These sessions form part

of a regular ESG and DEIB training program

Sustainability team

Across the group we have a dedicated sustainability team of seven
who play a pivotal role in strengthening our programme and
driving performance at a Group level and across fund portfolios.

43


===== page 46 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Sustainability through the private equity investment cycle

Before, during, after

We carry out thorough ESG due diligence before we invest.

We are proactive in working with our portfolio companies

to raise their ESG ambitions and help them to achieve their targets.

By further embedding ESG in the strategies of our portfolio
companies, we set them up for sustainable success both
during and after the investment period.

Directly

Pre-investment
post- investment

We aim to discuss
sustainability collaboratively
with portfolio companies as
early as possible - from the
due diligence stage before
we have made the

When we first consider a
potential investment, our team
will identify any potential
sustainability red flags and
opportunities as part of our early
transaction screening. As an
example, we havea private —_investment through to
equity exclusion list that signing and closing the
highlights sectors and activities investment and beyond.
that we will not support. An

opportunity can be rejected

on sustainability grounds at

this or any later stage.

__ During the | At divestment

investment period
Throughout the fund
investment period, we
regularly review sustainability
programmes and progress with
management teams, ensuring
alignment with Bridgepoint’s
expected standards and
industry-specific good
practice. Our objective is to
create value by embedding
sustainability practices at our
portfolio companies.

Our goal is to set up businesses
for sustainable success
following the Bridgepoint
investment period.

As the opportunity moves into full diligence

‘The investment team is responsible for ensuring that any
sustainability-related issues are identified and assessed. Third party
ESG due diligence is a requirement for every potential investment
and forms a key input to the decision making of the relevant
investment committee.

Following completion

As part of a 100-day plan, the investment team will work with
management to ensure the right governance structure for ESG

is in place. For example, this could include ensuring there

is a Board member responsible for ESG matters and a member

of the team individual responsible for ESG on a day-to-day basis.

Typically during this early stage of the investment period the
Bridgepoint’s team will support the management team to prioritise
a number of ESG related initiatives based on a combination

of pre investment due diligence and engagement with the
management teams.

4h

During investment

Bridgepoint provides guidance and support to management teams
via Bridgepoint’s Board representatives and dedicated sustainability
team. For the Sustainability team this often includes the
coordination of external ESG advisers to support on specific projects
as well as 1:1 sessions providing support on the development and
implementation of sustainability strategy. In addition, portfolio
companies have access to a ‘Sustainability Resource Centre’ which
provides guidance, tools and resources covering key topics such

as developing sustainability strategies, as well as information

on Bridgepoint’s compliance and climate programmes.

A final key element of ESG engagement with portfolio companies
is reporting. We understand the importance of collecting and
reporting reliable sustainability data and do this via an annual
portfolio company survey. Each portfolio company supplies a range
of ESG related information, from which a selection of KPIs forms
part of the regular reporting presented to the relevant Portfolio
Monitoring Committee.

At divestment

At divestment, we ensure that governance structures put in place
during investment are sustainable post-investment and include
detailed information on ESG-related matters as part of vendor
due diligence.


===== page 47 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Sustainability through the private credit investment cycle

Lending weight

Bridgepoint Credit invests across the capital structure

and risk-reward spectrum, through our Direct Lending, Credit
Opporeunities and Syndicated Debr strategies.

Where we make credit investments, we apply an ESG due
diligence framework and offer ESG related loan pricing incentives.
Where Bridgepoint Credit holds a meaningful equity stake, the
credit team supports the implementation of appropriate ESG
policies and relevant KPIs to mitigate potential sustainability risks.

Pre-investment

screening

‘When assessing the attractiveness of an
investment opportunity, we consider
material sustainability aspects as part of
our due diligence. Our sustainability
analysis is included within the
investment recommendation reports
which are shared with the relevant
credit investment committees, which
consider the information as part of the
ultimate investment decision.

In addition, an assessment of the
governance and policies of the owner of
the company is implemented to ensure
its governance and policies are in line
with Bridgepoint’s sustainabilicy
standards. The due diligence process
involves the completion of an ESG
questionnaire which results in a scoring
of the company’s sustainability practices
and solutions. party sustainability.

Incentivis

We offer incentives to sponsors where
appropriate with ESG-linked margin
ratchets and regularly monitor portfolio
company performance relative to
ESG-related KPls agreed within ESG
margin ratchets. These KPls are
typically linked to the interest

rate margin of a loan which can

be increased or decreased to reflect
underperformance or outperformance.

Targets are set with the aim of being
in alignment with the Sustainability-
Linked Loan Principles (“SLLPs”), and
are therefore material and ambitious
sustainability topics relevant to the
company. KPIs may include carbon
emission reduction, waste reduction,
increasing employee diversity, and
improving performance within third- !

Monitoring

We use a regular ESG survey to assess
portfolio sustainability performance

on an ongoing basis and use this survey
asa platform for engagement with i
portfolio companies. ‘

Additionally, twice a year, we conduct
a formal ESG portfolio review }
to evaluate sustainability progress i
and identify any issues that need :
to be addressed. These reviews provide '
an opportunity for the credit investment

team to engage with portfolio i
companies, gain sustainability related
information and revise our internal |
scoring of a company’s ESG practices
and solutions.

ESG-linked margin ratchets

In 2023, Bridgepoint Credit organised for a sustainability council
to the Loan Market Association (LMA) to run training on the
SLLPs and in particular, how they should be used to structure
robust ESG margin ratchets. This training was provided

to the Bridgepoint Credit investment team members and the
Sustainability team to support them to implement robust and
ambitious ESG-linked margin ratchets. Bridgepoint Credit’s
Sustainability team has also developed an ‘ESG Margin Ratchet
Introduction’ document for portfolio companies to give an
overview or our approach and some guidance regarding KPI
and target setting.

Embedding our climate impact assessments

Our long-term goal is to make the assessment of climate impact

a core part of our credit analysis. The challenge is to obtain data
from companies that do not often measure their own climate
impact. In 2022, Bridgepoint Credit partnered with a leading
global carbon accounting platform to assess the carbon footprints
of BDL III and BCO IV portfolio companies. In 2023, we have
extended the scope to include BDL II and a number of SMAs.
Please see pages 78 to 80 for TCFD Metrics and targets for more
information.

This parer
within Brid,

~ Refer to pages 12 to 17 for more information on ECP

45


===== page 48 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Sustainability industry associations

Bridgepoint drives positive change
in the investment industry

Sustainability initiatives

- Sustainable Markets Initiative (“SMI”) - We are members
of the SMI’s private equity roundtable. The SMI, which was
launched by HM The King at the World Economic Forum
2020, is a global coalition of leading companies that share
a vision for the need to accelerate global progress towards
a sustainable future and to tackle climate change
and biodiversity loss.

Initiative Climate International (“iI”) - In 2021, Bridgepoint
joined the iCl, an initiative for‘private equity action on climate
change in support of a collective commitment to understand
and reduce carbon emissions of private equity-backed
companies and secure sustainable investment performance.

ESG Data Convergence Initiative (“EDCI”) - We are

a founding member of the EDCI which was set up by a group
of GPs and LPs in 2021 led by CalPERS and Carlyle. The EDCI
is the private equity industry’s first-ever collaboration to align
ona standardised set of ESG metrics and a mechanism

for comparative reporting. Throughout 2023, we served

as a Steering Committee member which is a position

we have held since 2021.

DEIB initiatives

~ Level 20 - A not-for-profit organisation which promotes gender
equality and diversity in private equity. Bridgepoint’s co-head of
UK investment activities, Emma Watford (Partner and Chair of
the DEIB Committee), sits on Level 20's Advisory Committee. «

France Invest - Bridgepoint’s Head of Capital Markets,
Edouard Giuntini, co-heads the Talent & Diversity Commission
of France Invest, which promotes industry-wide efforts to
increase diversity within investment firms and the businesses
they support. Other members of the Paris investment

team are also active within the commission, including
Anne-Sophie Moinade, who co-led the publication

of France Invest’s rule-book to promote social diversity

at industry level, issued in 2022.

ILPA’s Diversity in Action - Bridgepoint is a signatory to the
Institutional Limited Partners Association’s ‘Diversity in Action’
initiative which aims to advance diversity, equity and inclusion.

10,000 Black Interns - We became a member of the “10,000
Black Interns’ programme in 2020 to help address the under
representation of Black talent in the financial sector.

Out Investors - We are a member of Out Investors,

a global organisation that was founded with the mission
to make the direct investing industry more welcoming
for LGBTQs individuals.

~ Read more about DEIB on pages 34 and 35

Atrack record of industry leadership

Founding member
and contributor to

Became a UN PRI signatory
Published our first Responsible

Sustainability incorporated into
our governance with the inaugural

Consistent sustainability
reporting across the and

Walker Guidelines i . executive ESG Committee meeting portfolio established
for Disclosure and investment Policy . _ ; .
Transparency Founding member of BVCA training First GHG footprint
on responsible investment which calculated for the Group
was rolled out to all investment (firm-level)
team members
Launched the Sustainability topics become Dedicated Sustainability
Bridgepoint embedded in investment team launched
Charitable Trust decision-making

46



===== page 49 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts.

Strategic Report

Sustainability performance

UN PRI 2023 score published in 2023

In our 10" year as a UN PRI signatory, we are pleased to have
received the top rating (5 stars) in all three core modules of the
assessment, including achieving full marks for the private debt
and private equity modules. Additionally, we scored 4 stars

in the new module - Confidence Building.

76/100

97/100

Policy, Governance

and Strategy eo |]
Direct - 100 / 100 86/100
Private equity @ N)
Direct - 100/100 80/100
Fixed income -

Private debt

‘This achievement recognises Bridgepoint’s effort and
commitments to being a leader in corporate responsibility,
and to integrating environmental, social, and governance
principles into the full lifecycle of our investments.

Sustainalytics

For the second time, we received a Sustainalytics score in 2023,
which put us in the 16 percentile (from the top) in our
sub-industry (Asset Management and Custody Services).

Whilst this is a good result, we will continue to develop our
processes and aim to improve our score on a year-on-year basis.

~ For more information on climate risk and risk management more
generally please see pages 74 to 81

Purchase of renewable
energy attribute certificates

BE VII, BG II, BDL II]
and BCO IV become

Bridgepoint’s first SFDR for 100% renewable electricity
Article 8 aligned funds for 2020 onwards

ESG linked bridge facilities put Purchase of carbon offsets
in place for BCOIVandBDL —_to contribute to carbon

Ill, a first for Bridgepoint Credit neutrality for 2020 onwards

Bridgepoint Group ple ESG
Committee constituted,
replacing the previous
executive-level committee

Sustainability-linked loan set
up for a Ple lending facility
with climate and DEIB KPIs

Project launched to refresh
portfolio climate risk
assessment and start looking
at natural capital risk

Bridgepoint’s Sustainability
team grows to seven including
a dedicated climate &
environment resource

Bridgepoint Hardship Fund
launched to help support our
communities through
Covid-19

Bridgepoint’s Sustainability team grows to
five including a dedicated credit resource

ESG-linked bridge facility put in place for
BE VII, a first for Bridgepoint Private Equity

Project launched to estimate our financed
emissions across the private equity
and credit portfolios

47


===== page 50 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

KPls: tracking our performance

Total AUM (€bn)

€40.5bn

38.0

32.9

26.6

Fee Paying AUM (€bn)

€26.0bn

26.0
23.4

19.3

16.3

Underlying FRE (£m)

£95.0m

95.0

743

47.4

24.9

Underlying FRE margin (%)

35.7% ;

35.7
30.6

23.8

16.7

2020 2021 2022 2023

2020 2021 2022 2023

2020 2021* 2022* 2023

2020 2021" 2022* 2023

Description

The total value of assets held
in the Group's funds plus the
value of capital which has been
committed but not yet drawn

Definition
See page 53 for
a detailed definition

Description
Assets under management upon
which management fees are
charged by the Group,
including CLOs

Definition

* See page 53 for

a detailed definition

Description

Underlying Fee Related
Earnings (“FRE”) is a measure
of underlying profitability,
excluding investment income

Definition
See page 51 for definition

Description
Underlying FRE margin

is a measure of underlying
profitability, excluding

investment income

Definition .
See page 51 for definition

Remuneration linkage Guidance
Link to strategy Link to strategy Links to the ‘FRE’ element of 35% in the medium-term until
Allthree pillars of our strategy All three pillars of our strategy the annual bonus plan BE VIII starts to generate fees
aim to grow AUM aim to grow AUM * restated to exclude non-operating * restated to exclude non-operating
(see page 22) (see page 22) foreign exchange gains/losses. foreign exchange gains/losses.
Outcome Outcome Outcome Outcome
Total AUM increased by 6.6% Fee Paying AUM increased Underlying FRE grew 27.9% to Underlying FRE margin
primarily due to additional by 11.1% primarily due to £95.0m due to higher improved to 35.7% due to

commitments raised for BE VII,
BDL Ill, BCO IV and the
impact of revaluations of fund
investments

48

additional BE VII commitments
and an increase in invested
capital in our Credit strategies.

management and other fees and
prudent cost control.

higher management and other
fees and prudent cost control.


===== page 51 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

PRE (£m) Underlying EBITDA (£m) EBITDA(£m) Profit before tax (£m)
148.8
139.2 136.0
71.2
649 127.4
112.8
55.3 971
86.0
423 84.2
66.4 58.7 62.6
48.5

2020 2021 2022 2023 2020 2021* 2022* 2023 2020 2021* 2022* 2023 2020 2021 2022 2023

Description Description Description Description

Performance Related Earnings
(“PRE”) is a measure of income
attributable to fund
performance and consists of
income from the fair value
remeasurement of investments
and carried interest

Definition
See page 51 for definition
Remuneration linkage

Links to ‘PRE’ element of the
annual bonus plan

Underlying EBITDA excluding
exceptional expenses related to
the pending ECP transaction, the
acquisition of EQT Credit, the
IPO and M&A due diligence
which were not incurred in the
normal course of business
Definition

See page 51 for

a detailed definition

Link to strategy

All three pillars of our strategy
aim to grow EBITDA

(see page 22)

* restated to exclude non-operating.
foreign exchange gains/losses.

A measure of profitability prior
to depreciation of property
leases, amortisation of
intangible assets, the cost

of financing and taxation

Definition
See page 51 for
a detailed definition

Link to strategy

All three pillars of our
strategy aim to grow EBITDA
(see page 22)

+ restated co exclude non-operacing,
foreign exchange gains/losses.

A statutory measure of profit
after expenses, depreciation
and amortisation and financing
but before taxation

Definition
Profit for the year attributable

to equity shareholders
before taxation

Outcome

PRE was 14.8% lower due
to reduced levels of exits in
Bridgepoint funds.

Outcome

Underlying EBITDA grew
to £148.8m due to higher
management and other fees
and prudent cost control.

Outcome

EBITDA decreased by 28.6%
with the increase in Underlying
EBITDA more than offset by
the increase in exceptional
expenses due to the

ECP transaction.

Outcome

Reported profit before tax
decreased by 32.5% to
£86.0 million in 2023,
reflecting the transaction
costs associated with the
ECP acquisition.

49


===== page 52 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Alternative performance

measures

‘These full-year results include several measures which are not
defined or recognised under International Financial Reporting
Standards (“IFRS”), including financial and operating measures
relating to the Group such as EBITDA, Underlying EBITDA,
Underlying EBITDA margin, Underlying profit before tax,
Underlying FRE, Underlying FRE margin, PRE, Fee Paying AUM
and Total AUM, all of which the Group considers to be alternative
performance measures (“APMs”). These are reconciled to the
stacutory results in the table below.

These APMs and KPIs are used by the Board and management to
analyse the Group’s business and financial performance, track the
Group’s progress and help develop long-term strategic plans. These
APMs are presented to provide additional information to investors
and enhance their understanding of the Group’s results and
operations. Furthermore, the Board believes that these APMs are
widely used by certain investors, securities analysts and other
interested parties as supplemental measures of performance and
liquidity. However, as these measures are not determined in
accordance with IFRS or any generally accepted accounting
standards, and are thus susceptible to varying calculations, they
may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures used by
other companies and have limitations as analytical tools. In
particular, there are no generally accepted principles governing the
calculation of these measures and the criteria on which these
measures are based can vary from company to company, which
means that other companies may define and calculate such
measures differently from the Group.

50

In addition, as the Group is required by IFRS to consolidate certain
Collateralised Loan Obligations (“CLOs”) which are managed by
the Group and in which the Group has an investment, and so the
consolidated statement of financial position includes the assets and
liabilities and the consolidated statement of cash flows includes the
gross cash inflows and outflows for the period for those
consolidated CLOs

The consolidation of these CLOs could distort how a reader of the
financial statements interprets the balance sheet and cash flows of
the Group, therefore the CFO statement includes a summarised
non-statutory balance sheet and cash flow statement which
exclude the third-party CLO assets and liabilities. Such measures
are also APMs. Full versions of these statements can be found on
pages 194 and 195.

‘APMs should inot be considered in isolation and investors should
not consider such information as alternatives to total operating
income, profit before tax or cash flows from operating activities
calculated in accordance with IFRS, as indications of operating
performance or as measures of the Group's profitability or
liquidity. Such financial information must be considered only in
addition to, and not as a substitute for or superior to, financial
information prepared in accordance with IFRS included elsewhere
in this Annual Report.


===== page 53 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

EBITDA Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation. It is calculated by reference to total
operating income and deducting from it, or adding to it, as applicable, personnel expenses and other
operating expenses.

Underlying EBITDA Calculated by excluding exceptional items and certain share-based payments from EBITDA.

Exceptional items are items of income or expense that are material by size and/or nature and are not
considered to be incurred in the normal course of business.

The excluded share-based payments relate to awards that were granted following the IPO to a targeted
group of employees with the aim of increasing employee ownership in the Group. The awards are not
considered to be an alternative to cash-based compensation, are not included in the cost-base when
considering operating segment performance and will cease to be a reconciling item once the awards
issued as part of the strategy are fully vested. The share-based payment expenses related to the
executive director Restricted Share Plan, and any share-based payment charges on awards made prior
to the IPO are included in underlying costs.

A breakdown of exceptional items within EBITDA is included within note 8 of the financial
statements, on page 152.

Underlying EBITDA. oe oom
EBITDA 971 136.0
Add back: exceptional items within EBITDA 477 3.2
Add back: certain share-based payments 40 -
Underlying EBITDA i 148.8] 139.2

Underlying EBITDA Underlying EBITDA as a percentage of total operating income.

margin

Underlying FRE Underlying EBITDA less carried interest and income from the fair value remeasurement of investments
and adding back the cost of bonuses linked to investment profits.

2023 2022

‘Underlying FRE £m &m*
Underlying EBITDA 148.8 [ 139.2
Less: carried interest (30.0); (24.2)
Less: fair value rereasurement of investments (25.3) (40.7)
‘Add back: investment linked bonuses 15 -
Underlying FRE ~ 95.04 74.3,

Underlying FRE margin Underlying FRE as a percentage of total operating income excluding carried interest and income from
the fair value remeasurement of investments.
‘Underlying FRE margin re me
Underlying FRE ] 95.0 74.3
Total operating income 321.6 3074
Less: carried interest (30.0) (24.2)
Less: fair value remeasurement of investments : (25.3) (40.7)
‘Adjusted total operating income 266.3 242.5,
Underlying FRE margin 35.7% 30.6%

PRE Performance Related Earnings is calculated by adding the fair value remeasurement of investments to
carried interest income.
PRE | en
Carried interest 30.0 24.2
Fair value remeasurement of investments 25.3 40.7
PRE } 55.31 64.9

* 2022 comparative information has been restated co exclude non-operating foreign exchange gains and losses

51


===== page 54 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

Alternative performance measures continued

Underlying profit Calculated by excluding exceptional items, certain share-based payments and the amortisation

before tax of acquisition related intangible assets from within profit before income tax.
Underlying profit before tax : ea | “
Profit before tax “86.0 1274
Add back: exceptional items within EBITDA 477 3.2
Add back: amortisation of acquisition related intangible assets _ 30 3.0
Add back: certain share-based payments 40 -
Less: exceptional other income (6.9), (13.6)
Total underlying profit before tax 1 133.84 120.0

Underlying profit before Underlying operating profit before tax as a percentage of total operating income.
tax margin

Underlying profit Underlying profi after tax as a percentage of total operating income.
after tax margin

Underlying basic and Calculated by dividing underlying profit after tax gross of non-controlling interests by the number
diluted earnings per share _of shares in issue at the period end.

13 2022
Underlying basic and dilured EPS I £m l £m

Profit after tax 70.7 120.6
Add back: exceptional items within EBITDA 477 32
Add back: amortisation of acquisition related intangible assets 3.0 3.0
‘Add back: certain share-based payments 4.0 -
Less: exceptional other income (6.9); (13.6)
Total underlying profit after tax 118.5 113.2
Number of shares at year end (m) 794.6 823.3
Underlying basic and diluted EPS (£) 0.151 0.14
Cash conversion ratio Calculated by dividing cash generated from operations (excluding exceptional and adjusted items) by
underlying FRE.
Cash conversion rio fe om
Cash generated from operations _ 99.7 35.6
Exceptional and adjusted items within cash flows from operations 18.3 01
Adjusted cash generated from operations . 118.0 35.7
Underlying FRE 95.0 74.3
Cash conversion ratio 124.2% 48.0%
Non-current assets Calculated by excluding consolidated third-party CLO non-current assets from total non-current assets
(excluding third-party as defined by IFRS, and adding back the investment into CLOs on a non-consolidated basis.
CLO assets)
2023 2022
Non-current assets (excluding third-party CLO assets) £m £m
Total non-current assets 582.2 540.0
Add: investment in CLOs on a non-consolidated basis 81.1 45.2
Non-current assets (excluding third-party CLO assets) t 663.3 585.2

* Comparative information has been restated to exclude non-operating foreign exchange gains and losses

52


===== page 55 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts.

Strategic Report

Current assets (excluding
third-party CLO assets)

Calculated by excluding consolidated third-party CLO current assets from total current assets as defined
by IFRS. .

2023 2022
Current assets (excluding third-party CLO assets) ‘ £m &m
Total current assets 1,795.5 { 1,247.8
Less: consolidated CLO assets (1,348.8) (741.3)
Less: consolidated CLO cash (76.0) (24.6)
Current assets (excluding third-party CLO assets) 370.71 481.9

Non-current liabilities
(excluding third-party

Calculated by excluding consolidated third-party CLO non-current liabilities from total non-current
liabilities as defined by IFRS.

CLO liabilities)
2023 2022
Non-current liabilities (excluding third-party CLO liabilities) £m £m
Total non-current liabilities _ 1,318.8 757.1
Less: fair value of consolidated CLO liabilities (1,152.0); (597.5)
Non-current liabilities (excluding third-party CLO liabilities) 166.81 159.6
Current liabilities Calculated by excluding consolidated third-party CLO current liabilities from total current liabilities
(excluding third-party as defined by IFRS.
CLO liabilities)
2023 2022
‘Current liabilities (excluding third-party CLO liabilities) im £m
Total current liabilities 337.7 258.0
Less: consolidated CLO liabilities (14.9)! (2.6)
Less: consolidated CLO purchases awaiting settlement (176.8); (120.6)
Current liabilities (excluding third-party CLO liabilities) 146.01 134.8
Fee Paying AUM Assets under management upon which management fees are charged by the Group, including CLOs.
For all funds with private equity strategies and the Bridgepoint Credit Opportunities funds I to Ill,
Fee Paying AUM is either based on total commitments (during the commitment period) or on net
invested capital (normally during the post-commitment period).
For the Bridgepoine Direct Lending funds and Bridgepoint Syndicated Debt funds as well as expected
future Bridgepoint Credit Opportunities funds, Fee Paying AUM is based on net invested capital
throughout the life of the fund.
Fee Paying AUM in 2023 is €26.0 billion, or €36.7 billion pro forma for the ECP transaction.
Total AUM The total value of unrealised assets as of the relevant date (as determined pursuant to the latest

quarterly or semi-annual valuation for each Bridgepoint fund conducted by the Group) plus undrawn
commitments managed by the Group. The valuations for Total AUM come from the Group's valuations
of the investments of the Bridgepoint funds.

‘The Group values all investments of the Bridgepoint funds at least twice a year, but in most cases four
times a year. Each investment undergoes the same detailed valuation procéss, in accordance with the
Group’s valuation policies and in line with fund requirements. Completed valuations are presented and
discussed at the relevant Bridgepoint valuation committee and are audited at year end by the relevant
fund auditor

Total AUM in 2023 is €40.5 billion, or €61.6 billion pro forma for the ECP transaction.

Management fee margin on
Fee Paying AUM

‘The underlying management fee rate in the Bridgepoint funds, calculated as the weighted average
management fee rate for all Bridgepoint funds contributing to Fee Paying AUM as at the end of the
accounting period.

53


===== page 56 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

CFO statement

The Group’s financial performance in 2023 delivers profits which are
ahead of expectations due to careful cost management, fees which are in
line with expectations and investment income modestly outperforming
expectations despite the more challenging, but improving, market
conditions. Fundraising for BE VII is completing soon (and on target),
with the completion of the ECP transaction expected in the second
quarter, together means the Group is positively positioned at the start

of 2024.

Group financial performance in 2023 was driven by 6.6% growth
in Total AUM to reach €40.5 billion and an 11.1% increase in Fee
Paying AUM to €26.0 billion at year end. This increase drove a
£23.8 million or 9.9% increase in management and other fees
(including the recognition of £6.7 million of late fees relating to BE
VII). When combined with careful cost management, personnel
investment phased to fundraising progress, and a lower bonus pool
reflecting the reduced numbers of exits compared to prior periods,
this helped deliver a 27.9% increase in underlying FRE, and a 5.1
percentage point increase in underlying FRE margin to 35.7%.

Investment performance delivered £55.3 million of PRE despite
volatile and uncertain markets delaying exits. Whilst PRE is not linear
and was materially weighted to the second half as advised at our 2023
interim results, our second half performance does reflect improving
economic conditions compared with the first half of the year.

PRE, in combination with Underlying FRE, delivered Underlying
EBITDA of £148.8 million, an increase of £9.6 million or 6.9%.

Underlying profit before tax of £133.8 million was £13.8 million
or 11.5% higher than the previous year, primarily driven by the
full year impact of BE VII and growth of Fee Paying AUM in our
credit business, with good momentum on deployment and the
de-risking of carried interest through fund performance, partially
offset by modest cost growth and slightly lower investment recurs.

Reported profic after tax of £70.7 million includes the impact of
costs incurred in the ECP transaction.

‘The pending ECP transaction, expected to complete in Q2, is a
major step in delivering on the strategy set out at the time of the
IPO, adding Infrastructure as a significant third pillar alongside our
Private Equity and Credit businesses. The transaction positions the
Group well for future growth and diversification and will be
immediately accretive to FRE and earnings per share.

54

During 2023, we completed an initial share buyback programme
of £50.0 million and in October 2023 announced a second
programme committing up to a further £50.0 million, reflecting
the confidence we have in the resilience of our business and the
attractive fundamental value and prospects of the Company. At
31 December 2023, £10.2 million of the second £50.0 million
had been used to repurchase shares.

‘The Group was well-capitalised at year end with a net cash
position of £238.8 million (excluding cash belonging to
consolidated CLOs) alongside undrawn revolving credit banking
facility of £250.0 million.

We also recently priced $430.0 million of US private placement
notes. This new financing further strengthens the balance sheet
and provides the Group with further resources to continue our
strategic growth plans, as well as an amount which will be used to
refinance part of the debt which will transfer with ECP.

Whe

Adam Jones
Group Chief Financial Officer
and Chief Operating Officer

‘Throughout che course of chis section reference is made to adjusted measures which
the Company considers to be APMs or key KPIs. These are not defined or recognised
under IFRS but are used by the Directors and management to analyse the business and
financial performance, track the Group's progress and help develop long-term strategic
plans. Pages 50 to 53 set out definitions of each of the APMs used within the CFO
statement and how they can be reconciled back to the financial statements.



===== page 57 =====
Bridgepoint ~ 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

>
Adam Jones
Group Chief Financial Officer &
Chief Operating Officer
Summary
Financial summary
Year ended Year ended
31 December , 31 December
2023, 2022 __ Change (%6)
Total AUM (€bn) 40.5 38.0 6.6%
Fee Paying AUM (€bn) 26.0 234 11.1%
Management fee margin on Fee Paying AUM (%) 1.12%] 1.16% (0.04)ppr
Management and other fees (Em) 265.3 2415 9.9%
PRE (£m) 55.3 64.9  (14.8)%
Total operating income (£m) 321.6, 3074 4.6%
Total expenses (excluding exceptional expenses and adjusted items) (£m)* (171.3); (168.2) 1.8%
Underlying EBITDA (£m)* 148.8 139.2 6.9%
Underlying EBITDA margin (%)* 46.3%] 45.3% — 1LOppr
Underlying FRE (Em)* 95.0 74.3 27.9%
Underlying FRE margin (%)" 35.7%| 30.6% — 5.1ppr
Underlying profit before tax (Em) 133.8 120.0 11.5%
Reported profit before tax (Em) 86.0 1274 (32.5%
Reported profit after tax (Em) 70.7 120.6 (41.4)%
Reported basic and diluted EPS (pence) 8.7 14.6 — (40.3)%
Underlying basic and diluted EPS (pence) 14.9 13.8 8.5%

* 2022 comparative information has been restated to exclude non-operating foreign exchange gains and losses.

Fundraising
Private Equity AUM at 31 December 2023 amounted to €28.1 billion.

The BE VII strategy is expected to hold its final close in March, with €7 billion of commitments.

Bridgepoint Direct Lending (“BDL”) III concluded fundraising in May 2023. In total, including separately managed accounts, the strategy
raised over €3.4 billion of investable capital. The second half of 2023 saw Bridgepoint Credit Opportunities ("BCO”) IV holding its final
closing, the launch of CLO 5 and CLO 6 entering warehousing. As a result of these fundraisings, Credit AUM ended the year at

€12.4 billion.

Fundraising for Bridgepoint Development Capital (“BDC”) V and BDL IV are now well underway, alongside other funds entering the
market in 2024.

ECP AUM at 31 December 2023 amounted to $23.3 billion. Fundraising for ECP V is almost complete with commitments expected in
excess of the $4 billion target we shared in September. Fundraising for ECP Forestar Credit Fund and related separately managed
accounts remains in progress with a target of over $2 billion.

Overall, we expect to raise c. €20 billion across the Group, including ECP, weighted towards the ECP VI and BE VIII raises in the next
fundraising cycle.

55


===== page 58 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report
CFO statement continued

Total AUM development during the year

billion Private equity Credit Toral
31 December 2022 26.8 11.2 38.0
Fundraising 11 16 27
Divestments (1.1) (08) (1.9)
Revaluations 13 04 17
31 December 2023 28.1 124] 40.51

Total AUM at 31 December 2023 was €40.5 billion compared to €38.0 billion at the end of 2022. The 6.6% increase is primarily due
to additional commitments raised for BE VII, BDL II, BCO IV and the impact of valuation growth of fund investments.

ECP AUM at 31 December 2023 was €21.1 billion.

Fee Paying AUM development during the year

€billion Private equity Credit Total
31 December 2022 164 70 23.4
Fundraising: fees on committed capital 14 - 14
Deployment of funds: fees on invested capital 02 18 2.0
Realisations (0.2) (0.6) (08)
31 December 2023 17.8 8.2 26.01

Fee Paying AUM at 31 December 2023 was €26.0 billion compared to €23.4 billion at the end of 2022, with the 11.1% increase in

2023 primarily due to additional BE VII commitments and an increase in invested capital in our Credit strategies
business added €1.2 billion of Fee Paying AUM during 2023, including the launch of new CLOs.

ECP Fee Paying AUM at 31 December 2023 was €10.7 billion.

Abbreviated income statement

In aggregate our Credit

‘Yearended] Yearended

31 December | 31 December Change
£ million 2023, 2022 0)
Management and other fees 265.3 241.5 9.9%
PRE 55.3 64.9 (14.8)%
Total operating income _ 321.6 307.4 4.6%
Total expenses* (224.5), (171.4) 31.0%
Total expenses (excluding exceptional expenses and adjusted items)” (171.3), (168.2) 18%
EBITDA* 971 136.0  (28.6)%
Underlying EBITDA* 148.8. 139.2 6.9%
Underlying FRE* 95.0 74.3 27.9%
Depreciation and amortisation (18.7); (18.3) 2.2%
Net finance and other income** 7.6 97 — (21.6)%
Net finance and other income/(expenses) (excluding exceptional net other income)** 0.7 (3.9) _(117.9)%
Underlying profit before tax 133.8 120.0 11.5%
Reported profit before tax 86.0 127.4 — (32.5)%
Tax (15.3); (6.8) 125.0%
Reported profit after tax }. 70.71 1206 (41.49%

* 2022 coral expenses, cotal expenses (excluding exceptional expenses and adjusted icems), EBITDA, Underlying EBITDA, and Underlying FRE have been restated co exclude

ron-operating foreign exchange gains and losses.

** 2022 net other income and net other expenses (excluding exceptional nei other income) have been restated to include non-operating foreign exchange gains and losses.

56


===== page 59 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

‘The Group's consolidated income statement has two key components: the first is the income generated from management and other fees,
which are from long-term fund management contracts. The second component is the variable income from investments in funds and
carried interest, or PRE. Underlying FRE is management and other fees plus other operating income less costs excluding exceptional
expenses, bonuses linked to investment recurns and the costs associated with certain employee share schemes. PRE together with FRE
forms the EBITDA of the business.

Exceptional items are items of income or expense that are material by size and/or nature and are not considered to be incurred in the
normal course of business. Exceptional items are classified as “exceptional” within the Group Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
are disclosed separately to give a clearer presentation of the Group’s results. In the year ended 31 December 2023, exceptional expenses
within EBITDA were predominantly relating to transaction costs incurred in the acquisition of ECP. Exceptional other income outside of
EBITDA relates to the remeasurement and revaluation of a deferred consideration payable to EQT. In the year ended 31 December
2022, exceptional expenses included costs related to the acquisition of the EQT Credit business and other potential acquisitions. Further
explanation of these items is included within note 8 of the financial statements (see pages 152 and 153).

Underlying profit before tax excludes the aforementioned exceptional items, costs relating to certain employee share schemes and the
amortisation of intangible assets arising from the acquisition of EQT Credit. Further explanation of these items is included within note 8
of the financial statements (see pages 152 and 153).

Total operating income

“Year ended | Year ended

13 December } 31 December Change
£ million 2023, 2022 6)
Management and other fees 265.3 2415 9.9%
PRE 55.3 64.9  (14.8)%
Other operating income 71.0 10 0.0%
Total operating income 321.64 307.4 4.6%

Total operating income increased by 4.6% from £307.4 million in 2022 to £321.6 million in 2023 reflecting higher management fees
offset by reduction in fair value remeasurement of investments.

Management and other fees increased by £23.8 million, or 9.9%, from £241.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to
£265.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, and was attributable to the below reporting segments in the year.

‘Yearended | Year ended
31 December | 31 December ‘Change
£ million 2023 2022 (6)
Private equity 205.0] 1878 9.2%
Credit 56.5 50.8 11.2%
Central 3.8 29 31.0%
Management and other fees 265.31 241.5 9.9%

The increase in fees was primarily due to a full year of BE VII fee paying commitments recognised by the Private Equity business in 2023,
plus fees on increased levels of invested capital in BDL III and BCO IV and the launch of new CLOs in the Credit business. These increases
were partially offset by declining fees on older funds which are in their divestment phase, where fees are based upon the remaining invested
capital and reduce when investments are sold.

Income from the Group's share of carried interest reflects the continued growth in the value of the fund portfolios in 2023, along with the
de-risking of carry receipts from exit activity and improved economic conditions. The income of £30.0 million is earned primarily from the
BDC II portfolio and the initial recognition of carried interest from the BG I fund during the year.

Income recognised as a result of increases in the value of co-investments was £25.3 million. This reflected smaller valuation increases across
the private equity fund range, in part due to lower levels of exits.

57


===== page 60 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

CFO statement continued

Operating expenses
Yearended} Year ended

131 December | 31 December Change
£ million 2023 2022" (%)
Personnel expenses (excluding exceptional expenses and adjusted items) (126.1){ (125.8) 0.2%
Other operating expenses (excluding exceptional expenses) (45.2) (42.4) 6.6%
Total expenses (excluding exceptional expenses and adjusted items)* (171.3){ (168.2) 1.8%
Certain share-based payments + (4.0) - n/a
Investment linked bonuses (1.5) - n/a
Exceptional expenses (47.7) (3.2) 1,390.6%
Total expenses* (224.5)L__ (171.4) 31.0%

* 2022 comparative information has been restated to exclude non-operating foreign exchange gains and losses.

Personnel expenses (excluding exceptional expenses and adjusted items) increased by 0.2%, from £125.8 million in 2022 to £126.1 million
in 2023, reflecting deliberate phasing of investment team hires to match fundraising progress and timing of replacement hires for natural
attrition. 2023 costs also reflect a lower bonus expense associated with a lower number of investment exits during the year.

In the year ended 31 December 2023, reported personnel costs included £1.5 million of investment linked bonuses (2022: £nil) and
£4.0 million of share-based payments (2022: Enil) exchided from underlying metrics for the reasons explained in the APM definitions
on page 51.

Personnel expenses (excluding exceptional expenses and adjusted items) as a percentage of total operating income was 39.2% for the
year ended 31 December 2023, compared to 40.9% for the year ended 31 December 2022. The improvement in the ratio in 2023
was primarily due to an increase in total operating income.

Other operating expenses (excluding exceptional expenses) as a percentage of total operating income remained broadly consistent at
14.1% for the year ended 31 December 2023, compared to 13.8% for the year ended 31 December 2022. Other operating expenses
(excluding exceptional expenses) increased by 6.6% from £42.4 million in 2022 to £45.2 million in 2023 driven by higher fundraising
costs and higher levels of travel activity.

EBITDA
Yearended] -Year ended

131 December | 31 December ‘Change
£ million 2023 2022" (%)
Underlying EBITDA™ 1488] 1392 -69%
Exceptional expenses within EBITDA (47.7), (3.2) 1,390.6%
Certain share-based payments (4.0) - n/a
EBITDA* 97.11 1360 (28.6%

+ 2022 comparative information has been restated to exclude non-operating foreign exchange gains and losses.

Underlying EBITDA increased to £148.8 million in 2023 from £139.2 million in 2022, excluding exceptional expenses and adjusted
items. Whilst investment returns were lower than 2022 due to delayed exits across the private equity market, this was offset by higher
management and other fees and prudent cost control.

Exceptional expenses within EBITDA of £47.7 million in 2023 primarily related to £43.5 million of transaction costs relating to the
acquisition of ECP.

EBITDA, inclusive of exceptional expenses, adjusted items and other M&A due diligence costs, decreased by 28.6% primarily due to the
increase in exceptional expenses due to the ECP transaction.

58


===== page 61 =====
Bridgepoint -— 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

Depreciation and amortisation expense

‘Yearended] Year ended

131 December | 31 December Change
£ million __ 2023 2022 86)
Depreciation (14.9) (15.3) (2.6)%
Amottisation of intangibles (3.8) (3.0) ___ 26.7%
Total depreciation and amortisation expense > (18.7) (18.3) 2.2%

Depreciation and amortisation expense increased by 2.2% from £18.3 million in 2022 to £18.7 million in 2023. This increase was
primarily due to the cessation of legacy leases in London following the move to 5 Marble Arch, offset by higher lease costs associated
with new offices in Frankfurt and Amsterdam during 2023. The amortisation of intangibles acquired with the EQT Credit business
(fund customer relationships) of £3.0 million in both 2022 and 2023 respectively have been excluded from the underlying profitability
measures in order to enable a clearer analysis of the business's performance.

Finance and other income or expenses

Yearended] Year ended

131 December | 31 December Change

£million 2023 2022" (96)
Net finance and other income/(expense), excluding exceptional items 0.7 (3.9) (117.9)%
Exceptional other income 6.9 13.6 (49.3%
Net finance and other income, including exceptional items I 76 9.7 (21.6)%

* 2022 net other income/(expense) has been restated to include non-operating foreign exchange gains and losses.

Finance and other income or expenses includes interest income from cash deposits and interest cost on bank facilities, lease liabilities and
finance expense on amounts payable co related party investors, along with non-operating foreign exchange gains and losses.

Net finance and other income, excluding exceptional items, increased by £4.6 million to income of £0.7 million, compared to a net
expense of £3.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. These movements are principally due to increased interest income from
cash on deposit. Net finance and other expenses will increase in 2024 as a result of the US private placement financing undertaken by
the Group, along with the borrowings transferring with ECP.

Exceptional other income of £6.9 million (2022: £13.6 million) relates to remeasurement and revaluation of the deferred contingent
consideration payable to EQT AB in relation to the acquisition of EQT Credit in 2020, and the associated unwind of discounting. The
deferred consideration was settled during the year for a final amount of £9.4 million.

Profit before tax

‘Yearended] Year ended

31 December | 31 December Change
£ million 2023, 2022 6)
Underlying profit before tax 133.8{ 1200 115%
Exceptional expenses . * (47.7) (3.2) 1,390.6%
Exceptional other income 69 13.6 (49.3)%
Certain share-based payments + (4.0) - n/a
Amortisation of acquisition related intangible assets (3.0) (3.0) 0.0%
Reported profit before tax 86.0 1274 (32.5)%
Underlying profit before tax margin 41.6%! 39.0% _2.6ppt

Underlying profit before tax increased by 11.5% from £120.0 million in 2022 to £133.8 million in 2023. The underlying profit before
tax margin increased from 39.0% for the year ended 31 December 2022 to 41.6% for the year ended 31 December 2023.

Reported profit before tax decreased by 32.5% from £127.4 million in 2022 to £86.0 million in 2023, reflecting the transaction costs
associated with the ECP acquisition.

59


===== page 62 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report
CFO statement continued
Tax :
‘Year ended ‘Year ended
31 Ses 31 December ‘Change
£ million 2023 2022 (6)
Tax = 5.31 (6.8) 125.0%

The tax charge increased from £6.8 million in 2022 to £15.3 million in 2023. The effective tax rate for the year ended 31 December
2023 was 17.8% compared to 5.4% for the year ended 31 December 2022. This was primarily due to an increase in deferred tax
liabilities which reflect the lower level of fund exits and the exceptional transaction costs relating to the ECP transaction. Adjusting for

these transaction costs, the underlying effective tax rate is 11.4%.

As detailed in note 11 to the financial statements (see page 154), che Group has a lower effective tax rate than the UK statutory rate. This
is largely driven by timing differences on the taxation of management fee income and significant tax loss carry-forwards in the UK due

to certain forms of income that are not subject to UK corporation tax.

Profit after tax

‘Year ended ‘Year ended
|31 December } 31 December Change
£ million ~ 2023 2022 (96)
Profit after tax 70.71 120.6 (41.4)%

Profit after tax decreased by 41.4% from £120.6 million in 2022 to £70.7 million in 2023, reflecting the transaction costs associated

with the ECP acquisition and the higher tax charge for the year.

Earnings per share and dividend per share

Year ended Year ended
'31 December { 31 December ‘Change
£ pence : 2023 2022 (pence)
Reported basic and diluted earnings per share , 87 146 )
Underlying basic and diluted earnings per share 149 13.8 11
Interim dividend per share 44 4.0 04
Final dividend per share 44 4.0 04

Underlying earnings per share grew by 1.1 pence per share, reflecting the increase in underlying profit after tax. An interim dividend of

£35.3 million, or 4.4 pence per share, was paid on 25 September 2023.

‘The Directors are proposing a final dividend of 4.4 pence per share in respect of the second half of 2023.

Consolidated balance sheet -

‘Summarised consolidated statement of financial position (statutory basis) 31 Destiet 31 Decenber ‘Change
£ million = 2023 2022 (%6),
Assets .

Non-current assets <582.2} 540.0 7.8%
Current assets 1,795.5} 1,247.8 43.9%
Total Assets }_2,377.71_ 1,787.8 33.0%
Liabilities 7

Non-current liabilities 1,318.8) 757.1 74.2%
Current liabilities | 337.74 258.0 30.9%
Total Liabilities ]1,656.5{ 1,015.1 63.2%
Net Assets | 721.21 772.7_(6.%
Equity

Share capital and premium 289.91 2899 0.0%
Other reserves 12.6 9.1 38.5%
Retained earnings 418.7] 473.7 (11.6)%
Total Equity 721.24 772.7 (6.7%

60


===== page 63 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts. Strategic Report

Net assets principally comprise cash and money market funds, the fair value of investments and carried interest receivable from private equity and
credit funds, and goodwill arising from the acquisition of the EQT Credit business.

Non-current assets increased by 7.8% from £540.0 million at 31 December 2022 to £582.2 million at 31 December 2023 and current assets
increased by 43.9% from £1,247.8 million at 31 December 2022 to £1,795.5 million at 31 December 2023, primarily due to the impact of the
build-up of the CLO 5 portfolio following its launch and the warehousing of assets in CLO 6. The balance sheet now includes the full consolidation
of the assets and liabilities of CLOs 1, 3, 4, 5 and 6, which are required under IFRS to be presented gross on the balance sheet.

Ac31 December 2023, the Group had cash of £238.8 million (including amounts in money market funds, but excluding cash belonging to the
consolidated CLO).

Total liabilities increased by 63.2% from £1,015.1 million at 31 December 2022 to £1,656.5 million at 31 December 2023. Non-current liabilities
increased from £757.1 million at 31 December 2022 to £1,318.8 million at 31 December 2023, primarily due to an increased level of liabilities
owed by consolidated CLOs. Current liabilities increased by 30.9% from £258.0 million at 31 December 2022 to £337.7 million at 31 December
2023. Excluding the impact of consolidated CLOs, non-current liabilities remained relatively stable, increasing by 4.5%.

Total equity reflects the 2023 profit, offset by dividends paid, the cost of the share buyback programme and a decrease in other reserves due to
movements in fair value of hedging inscraments, which is partially offset by foreign exchange movements. These resulted in total equity of
£721.2 million at 31 December 2023, down from £772.7 million at 31 December 2022.

The consolidation of certain CLOs could distort how a reader of the financial statements interprets the balance sheet of the Group. The Group's
maximum exposure to loss associated with its interest in the CLOs is limited to its investment in the relevant CLOs which at 31 December 2023
was £96.3 million (2022: £60.3 million).

The graph below shows a reconciliation of the CLO related assets and liabilities within the consolidated balance sheet to the Group’s exposure.

1500 — !
76.0 i
1200 !
; 1 | Assets attributable to third
900 (1,166.9) 1 party CLO note holders
1,348.8 |
600 |
|
6.8) j .
700 15.2 mem | 7 Assets attributable to
r Bridgepoint equity holders
0 | Fairvalue of CLO assets CLOcash  CLOliabilities ‘Trades pending Net exposure
(CLO investments

In addition, a summarised consolidated balance sheet on a non-statutory basis, excluding third-party CLO assets and liabilities, is included below.

‘Summarised consolidated statement of financial position (excluding third party CLO assets and liabilities, non-scatutory)! 31 December | 31 December Change
£ million 2023 2022 G6)
Assets

Non-currerit assets 663.3 585.2 13.3%
Current assets 370.7 481.9 (23.1%
Toral Assets (excluding third-party CLO assets) 1,034.01 1,067.1 _(3.1)%
Liabilities

Non-current liabilities 166.8 159.6 45%
Current liabilities 146.0 134.8 8.3%
Total Liabilities (excluding third-party CLO liabilities) 312.81 294.4 6.3%
Net Assets (excluding third-party CLO assets and liabilities) 721.2) 772.7 (6.79%

1. A full non-scacutory consolidaced statement of financial position excluding third-party CLO assets and liabilities (unaudited) is included on page 194,

61


===== page 64 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

CFO statement continued

Liquidity

‘The Group's liquidity requirements arise primarily in relation to the funding of operations and the Group's plans in connection with its
expansion and diversification strategy. The Group funds its business using cash from its operations (retained profits), capital from
shareholders and, from time-to-time, third-party debt.

Total financial debt and net cash position

Asat Asat
31 December § 31 December Change
£ million 2023 2022 (%)
Bank borrowings = = ~%
Cash and cash equivalents (excluding CLO cash) 238.8} 1960 21.8%
‘Term deposits with original maturities of more than three months -] 100.0 (100.0)%
Net cash (excluding consolidated CLO cash) 238.84 296.0 (19.3)%

At 31 December 2023, the Group had net cash of £238.8 million compared with net cash of £296.0 million at 31 December 2022.

Prior to the ECP transaction, the Group has no debr and had in place the undrawn £250 million revolving credit facility and the
undrawn £75 million acquisition bridge facility (up-sized to £125 million subsequently to the year-end).

‘As announced recently, the Group recently priced $430.0 million of US private placement notes. The proceeds will be used to provide
additional resources to deliver the Group's strategic growth plans and be used to refinance any amount of ECP debt which requires
refinancing on the completion of the ECP change of control process. The new notes will be structured in four tranches with maturities of
3, 5, 7 and 10 years and an average coupon of 6.17 per cent. The closing of the new notes is expected during Q2 2024, subject to the
completion of the ECP transaction and customary conditions.

As at 31 December 2023, in addition to the liabilities shown on the balance sheet, the Group had approximately £257.0 million and
£30.3 million of remaining undrawn capital commitments to the Bridgepoint funds in each of the private equity and private credit
segments, respectively.

Consolidated cash flows

Year ended ‘Year ended

Summarised consolidated cash flow statement (statutory basis) '31 December } 31 December ‘Change
£ million 2023 2022 (%)
Net cash flows from operating activities » 95.0 33.9 180.2%
Net cash flows from investing activities (320.0) (57.3) 458.5%
Net cash flows from financing activities 325.61 (86.6) (476.0%
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents [~ 100.6[ (110.0) (191.5)%
Total cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year 220.6] 327.3 (32.6)%
Effect of exchange rate changes 64), 3.3 (293.9)%
Total cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year }. 314.81 2206 42.7%

of which: cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year (for use within the Group) 238.8{ 1960 21.8%

of which: CLO cash (restricted for use within relevant CLO) 76.0 24.6 208.9%
Total cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year J 314.8f 2206 42.7%

Net cash flows from operating activities for the year ended 31 December 2023 were £95.0 million. The increase of £61.1 million in the
net cash flows from operating activities compared to the year ended 31 December 2022 was due to the favourable movements in the
Group's working capital. Operating cash flows, excluding the payment of exceptional costs relating to the ECP transaction, represented
124.2% of FRE demonstrating the strong cash generation of the business (2022: 48.0% due to the delayed receipt in the collection of
certain management fees, accumulation of fundraising costs recoverable from funds and timing differences on fund related payments).

Net cash flows from investing activities include receipt of deferred proceeds from the sale of the Group's investment in Bridgepoint
Credit Il, proceeds from carried interest and investment income, which is driven by the timing of investments into, and receipts from
divestments from, the underlying Bridgepoint funds. Net cash flows from investing activities for the year ended 31 December 2023
were £320.0 million; this was made up of investments of £449.9 million relating to consolidated CLOs, which includes the impact of the
launch of CLO 5 and the warehousing of CLO 6 (which are both consolidated), and the receipt of 2100.0 million redeemed from cash
held in term deposits with an original maturity of more than three months which was classified separately from cash and cash equivalents
at 31 December 2022 under accounting rules.

62


===== page 65 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

Net cash flows from financing activities include cash drawn from and repaid to consolidated CLO investors, dividend payments to
shareholders and other transactions with shareholders. For the year ended 31 December 2023 net cash flows from financing activities
totalled £325.6 million, which primarily related to net inflow of CLO cash from investors in CLO 4 and 5 (which are consolidated) of
£576.2 million, offset by dividends paid to shareholders of £68.0 million and payments to acquire shares as part of the share buyback
programme, which totalled £60.2 million by the end of the year.

In addition to £238.8 million of its own cash at 31 December 2023, the Group had £76.0 million recorded on the balance sheet as
consolidated CLO cash which was held by the consolidated CLO vehicles, legally ringfenced and not available for use by the Group.

The consolidated cash flow statement includes the gross cash inflows and outflows for the period in respect of the consolidated CLOs,
and cash held at 31 December 2023 for those CLOs which are required to be consolidated. This could distort how a reader of the
financial statements interprets the cash flows of the Group, therefore a cash flow statement without the consolidated CLO vehicles is
presented below.

Yearended] Year ended
‘Summarised consolidated cash flow statement (excluding cash flows relating to consolidated CLOs, non-starurory)" 31 December } 31 December Change
£ million 2023 2022 (96)
Net cash flows from operating activities (excluding consolidated CLOs) * 95.0) 33.9 180.2%
Net cash flows from investing activities (excluding consolidated CLOs) 94.3 (93.7) (200.6)%
Net cash flows from financing activities (excluding consolidated CLOs) -(140.8)) (69.6) _ 102.3%
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents (excluding consolidated CLOs) _ 485 (129.4) (137.5)%
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year (excluding consolidated CLOs) 196.0 323.1  (39.3)%
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (excluding consolidated CLOs) (5.7) 2.3 (347.8%
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year (excluding consolidated CLOs) 238.8 196.0 21.8%
Add back: investment in term deposits with original maturities of more than three months = 100.0 (100.0)%
Net cash at the end of the year (excluding consolidated CLOs) 238.81 296.0 __(19.3)%

1A full non-starucory consolidated cash flow statement excluding third-party CLO assets and liabilities (unaudited) is included on page 195.

Guidance |
~ Fundraising:
- BE VII on track to close in line with expectations, with an average fee rate of 1.4%
~ expect to raise more than €20 billion across the wider platform during the next range of fund cycles
~ Credit deployment: average increase in Fee Paying AUM of €1 billion a year from 2024 to 2026
- PRE:
- expect H2 weighting in 2024 (c. 2/3) reflecting exit pipeline (in line with 2023)
- expected to be at the upper end of our normal range of between 20% and 25% of total income
~ Cost: excluding the impact of ECP, total costs in 2024 likely to represent mid to high single digit compound growth from 2022
- Underlying FRE margin:
- expected to be around 30% to 35% in 2024 (including ECP)
- medium term guidance of around 35% until BE VIII starts to generate fees
- Group financing: additional $430 million financing will pay fixed coupon of 6.17%
~ Tax: blended Group underlying tax rate expected to be around 15% following ECP transaction

63


===== page 66 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report
Our historical performance
2019 2020 2021" 2022" (2023 1
Total AUM (€bn) 19.3 26.6 32.9 38.0 40.5]
Fee Paying AUM (€bn) 12.7 16.3 19.3 23.4 26.01
{
Management fee margin on Fee Paying AUM (%) 1.25% 1.19% 1.18% 1.16% 1.12%]
Management and other fees (Em) 143.9 148.6 197.7 241.5 265.3
PRE (£m) 24.0 42.3 71.2 64.9 55.3
Total operating income (£m) 169.8 191.8 270.6 307.4] . 321.6}
Total expenses (excluding exceptional expenses and adjusted items) (2m) 116.7 125.4 157.8 168.2 171.31
EBITDA (£m) 53.1 58.7 84.2 136.0 97.1
Underlying EBITDA (£m) 53.1 66.4 112.8 139.2 148.8
Underlying EBITDA margin (%) 31.3% 34.6% 41.7% 45.3% 1 46.3%
Underlying FRE (Em) 29.1 24.9 ATA 74.3 95.0]
Underlying FRE margin (%) 20.1% 16.7% 23.8% 30.6% 35.7%1
Underlying profit before tax (£m) 47.5 52.6 90.5 120.0 133.81
Profit before tax (£m) 47.5 48.5, 62.6 127.4 86.0
Reported basic and diluted EPS (p) 5.09 5.79 7.02 14.64 8.74
Underlying basic and diluted EPS (p) 5.09 6.29 10.41 13.75} 14.91
pd
Permanent headcount (at year end) 260 310 344 377) 391]

* 2021 and 2022 coral expenses (excluding exceptional expenses and adjusted items), EBITDA, Underlying EBITDA, Underlying FRE and Underlying FRE margin has been restated to

‘exclude non-operating foreign exchange gains/losses

An explanation of the alternative performance measures used by the Group, including Underlying profit before tax, Underlying EBITDA
and reported and underlying basic and diluted earnings per share, is set out on pages 50 to 53 along with a reconciliation to the nearest

statutory measures.

64


===== page 67 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Viability and going

concern statements

‘The Group’s future viability and prospects are underpinned by
the following:

~ a large proportion of revenue (75% for 2024 to 2026) is made
up of income from long-term fund management contracts, with
greater diversification on the completion of the acquisition of
ECP;

~ a significant majority (82%) of forecast management fees in
2024 to 2026 from funds already raised or in advaniced
fundraising progress, including ECP funds;

~ a largely predictable cost base, of which over three quarters is
personnel related;

= good visibility of income, expenditure and future profitability
during and beyond the period covered by this assessment;

- a strong balance sheet, with net cash of £239 million at
31 December 2023, with no borrowings and an undrawn
£250 million revolving credit banking facility;

~ recent pricing of US private placement notes providing the
Group with additional resources to continue its strategic growth
plans and refinance any debr transferring with ECP requiring
repayment; and;

~ available levers to operate during stress events include reduced
variable compensation costs and reduced dividend payments.

Viability statement

In accordance with the UK Corporate Governance Code, the
Directors are required to undertake assessment of the prospects
and viability of the Group.

Assessment of prospects

‘The Group's long-term prospects are primarily assessed through
the production of the Group strategic plan (the “Strategic Plan”)

‘The Strategic Plan is updated regularly to take into account
updated fundraising expectations, fund activity and expected
returns and changes within the cost base. The Strategic Plan is
presented to the Board at least annually, where it is formally
approved, following a robust review and challenge process.

Although the Strategic Plan covers a substantially longer period,
the three-year period to December 2026 has been selected for the
viability statement on the basis that itis the period over which
forecasting assumptions are most reliable due to the high visibility
of earnings from fees and investment returns.

‘The Strategic Plan reflects the Group's strategy, which is
summarised on pages 22 to 23, including plans to scale existing
strategies, develop new products and build new investment
strategies.

Key assumptions within the Strategic Plan include:

the raising of new funds, which impacts the amount of
management fees;

1

the timing and level of returns from funds, which impacts
co-investment and carried interest cash flows and profit recognition;

changes in the cost base, primarily in relation to people costs and
inflation; and

farure business acquisitions, which expand investment strategies
and strengthen performance.

Progress against the current year’s budget, which underpins the
Strategic Plan, is monitored through the year.

Assessment of viability

The assessment of the Group's viability requires the Directors to
consider the principal risks that could impact the Group, which are
outlined on pages 70 to 73.

Whilst all the risks identified could have an impact on the Group's
performance, the specific risks that are likely to have the most
impact on the business model, fucure performance, solvency and
liquidity of the Group in the three-year period covered are
considered to be:

~ Fund under-performance - prolonged and/or significant
under-performance of multiple funds may adversely affect the
Group’s medium-term business, brand and reputation, income
received by the Group, its growth and its ability to raise capital
for future funds.

Fundraising challenges - the inability to raise additional or
successor funds (or only raise successor funds of a materially
lower size to predecessor funds), or a change in the terms on
which investors are willing to invest, could have a material
adverse impact on the Group’s business, revenue, net income,
cash flows or the ability to retain employees.

‘The Directors review the key risks regularly and consider the
options available to the Group to mitigate these risks to ensure
the ongoing viability of the Group is sustained.

65


===== page 68 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Viability and going concern statements continued

‘The Group's viability requires consideration from the
perspective of capital for solvency, adequacy of regulatory
capital and liquidity.

Stress testing has been performed on the Strategic Plan, which
considers the impact of the Group’s key risks crystallising over
the three-year assessment period. The stress scenarios applied to
the three-year period are:

Links to
Scenarios principal risks
Scenario 1: - Fund under-
Weaker fund performance performance
Assumptions:

50% reduction in co-investment
cash returns and no carried interest
(beyond that already recognised)

Scenario 2: - Fundraising
25% reduction in fund sizes for funds not challenges
yet closed

Assumptions:

No further fundraising

Scenario - As above

Acombination of scenarios 1 and 2 above
(this is seen as a worst-case scenario and
highly unlikely) -

Having reviewed the results of the stress tests, the Directors have
concluded that the Group would have sufficient capital and liquid
resources in each of the respective scenarios, taking appropriate
controllable management actions where applicable, so that the
Group's ongoing viability would be sustained.

Controllable management actions to relieve stresses on the Group's
ability to operate during these scenarios include:

~ changing the timing of, and/or reducing the size of, the Group's
dividends;

~ reducing of ceasing the share buyback programme;

~ reducing variable compensation costs (which represent
c. 40% of payroll costs); and .

~ utilisation and/or extension of debr facilities.

It is possible that a stress event could be more severe than those
modelled and have a greater impact than has been determined
plausible. Other actions are available that may reduce the impact
of more severe scenarios, but these have not been considered in
this viability statement.

66

The Group undertakes reverse stress tests to identify circumstances
under which the business model becomes unviable. The most
plausible severe scenario to cause the business model to be unviable
is a macro-economic shock which results in the write-down of the
value of investments held by the funds.

This would impact the level of investment returns/result in losses
for the Group but is unlikely to have an immediate impact on
viability. Ifthe impact is not temporary (unlike Covid-19, for example)
and more permanent, this could impact the ability to exit fund
investments and raise new funds, and therefore impact the Group
beyond the period covered in this viability assessment.

‘The reverse stress test determines the level of reduction to forecast
distributions from funds in order to trigger a business model failure
point, in the absence of any management actions. Such a scenario,
and the sequence of events which could lead to it, is considered to
be extremely remote, as it requires forecast fund distributions to be
reduced by 57%, whilst maintaining a broadly similar level of
forecast investing activity during the same period, whereas a
macroeconomic event is also likely to constrain investment activity
more substantially.

Whilst the occurrence of one or more of the principal risks-has the
potential to impact future performance, none of them are
considered likely, either indivicuially or collectively, to give rise to
trading deterioration of the magnitude indicated by the reverse
stress testing and to threaten the Group over the three-year period.

ECP transaction

The ECP transaction is expected to complete in Q2 2024 after
final regulatory approval. As part of their assessment of the viabilicy
and prospects of the Group, the Directors have considered:

the cash consideration payable as part of the transaction, which
will be settled from existing cash resources of the Group, and
deferred cash payments which will be payable in future periods;

the forecast future earnings of the ECP business, in
consideration of fundraising and fund performance risk and the
associated impact on future investment returns, with stress
scenarios modelled in line with those set out above; and

the perimeter balance sheet, including $225 million of US
private placement debt which will transfer to the Group.

‘The Directors consider that the Group's prospects as a result of the
transaction are enhanced as the transaction will be immediately
accretive to earnings and positions the Group well for future
growth and diversification

Conclusion

Based upon the assessment set out above, the Directors have a current
reasonable expectation that the Group will be able to continue in
operation, with adequate liquidity and capital, and meet its liabilities
as they fall due over a viability horizon of at least three years.


===== page 69 =====
Bridgepoint ~ 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Going concern statement

In accordance with the Companies Act 2006, the Directors have
a responsibility to evaluate whether the Group has adequate
resources to continue its operational existence for the foreseeable
fature and for at least the next 12, months from the signing of the
financial statements.

Assessment of going concern

In carrying out their going concern assessment, the Directors
considered a wide range of information, taking into account both
the Company's and the Group’s current performance and outlook,
using information available up to the date of the issue of the
financial statements. ‘This included:

~ the Group’s business and operating models and strategy;
~ the Group’s risk appetite and approach to managing risk; and

= a summary of the current financial position and resources of the
Group, including the impact of the pending ECP transaction.

Business model

‘As shown by the table below, a high proportion of the Group's
revenue is made up of management and other fees, which are
under long-term find management contracts. When considered
together with a largely predictable cost base, of which over three
quarters is personnel related, the Group has a good level of
visibility of income, expenditure and future profitability when
projected for and beyond the next 12 months, including that in
respect of ECP.

Yearended | Year ended

31 December | 31 December

2023 | 2022

Underlying FRE (£m) {95.0} 74.3
Management and other fees as % of total | |

operating income (%) 82.5% _78.6%

Underlying FRE margin (%) 35.7% {| 30.6%
Personnel expenses as % of total expenses |
(excluding exceptional costs and adjusted i

items) (%) 73.6% |__75.3%

Key assumptions made in the forecasts that underpin the
Directors’ going concern assessment are set out above within the
viability statement and include the raising of new funds, the timing
and level of returns from funds and changes in the cost base from
hiring and inflation.

Liquidity and resources

‘As at 31 December 2023, the Group had a strong balance sheet
with net cash of £239 million (2022: net cash of £296 million,
including £100 million of term deposits with original maturities of
over three months), no borrowings, the undrawn £250 million
revolving credit facility and the undrawn £75 million acquisition
bridge facility (upsized to £125 million subsequently to the
year-end).

‘As announced recently, the Group recently priced $430.0 million
of US private placement notes. The proceeds will be used to
provide additional resources to deliver the Group's strategic
growth plans and be used to refinance any amount of ECP debt
which requires refinancing on the completion of the ECP change
of control process

‘The new notes will be structured in four tranches with maturities
of 3, 5,7 and 10 years and an average coupon of 6.17 per cent.
The closing of the new notes is expected during Q2 2024, subject
to the completion of the ECP transaction and customary
conditions.

In order to ensure liabilities are settled when they fall due, the
Group's liquidity is monitored regularly. This includes monitoring
the timing and level of operating expenses and the timing of
drawdowns and receipts from fund investments.

Stress testing

In making their assessment the Directors have considered
scenarios prepared in conjunction with the viability statement,
including a delay in fundraising and lower returns from fund
investments, which would impact the income and cash flow of the
Group. The Directors are satisfied that, even under these stressed
scenarios, the Company and the Group would remain a going
concern,

Conclusion

The Directors have acknowledged their responsibilities in relation
to the financial statements for the year to 31 December 2023.
Afcer making their assessment of going concern, the Directors
considered it appropriate to prepare the financial statements

of the Company and the Group on a going concern basis

for at least 12 months from the date of the approval of the
financial statements.

67


===== page 70 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Risk management

Our approach and key
developments in 2023

‘The Group believes that risk management is a fundamental part of
robust corporate governance and good management practice.

Good risk management does not mean avoiding risks at any cost

but rather making informed and coherent choices regarding the *
risks the Group and the funds it manages want to take in pursuit of
their strategies and objectives, having regard to the methods used

to manage and mitigate those risks. Accordingly, risk management

is embedded within all areas of the business, both at a Group and
strategy level and across geographies, including in culture,
decision-making processes, practices, business planning and
reporting activities.

‘The Group manages a variety of risks in connection with its
business activities, and the Board is ultimately responsible for
oversight of the Group's risk management and internal control
systems. This includes determining the nature and extent of the
key risks that the Board is willing to take in order to achieve the
Group's strategic objectives, and reviewing management's
implementation of effective systems of risk identification,
assessment and management.

The Board is assisted in its risk management role by the Audit and
Risk Committee, which monitors and reviews the Group's internal
controls and risk management framework. More details of the
Audit and Risk Committee are set out on pages 92 to 98. During
2023, the Audit and Risk Committee considered an updated risk
management framework. It also reviewed a paper which explained
the work undertaken to support the disclosures within the circular
provided to shareholders in connection with the ECP transaction
and discussed the integration of ECP into the enterprise risk
management process.

68

To manage risk, the Group operates on a three lines model:

- First line
Business units have the primary responsibility for managing
risks in their respective areas.

~ Second line
Bridgepoint’s Legal and Compliance team assists with risk
management, monitoring the operation of first line controls.

- Third line
Deloitte, as the Group’s outsourced internal auditor, provides
risk assurance on the effectiveness of governance, risk
management and internal controls, including first and second
line controls.

Completing its first full year of engagement, the Group's internal
audit function focused in particular on credit investment
governance, data management and governance and a review of the
Group's compliance monitoring programme. The results of their
audits and any associated recommendations were reported to the
Audit and Risk Committee.

Prudent risk management within business units is underpinned by
a strong control culture with clear oversight of responsibilities, and
there is ongoing thematic compliance monitoring. The Group
maintains comprehensive insurance cover with a broad range of
policies covering a number of insurable events.


===== page 71 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Risk management

process

‘The Group undertakes the following process to identify, manage
and monitor risks:

1. Set strategy - The Board considers and approves the
Group's strategy, which forms the basis of the Group's risk
identification process and risk appetite, allowing those risks
that may impact achievement of strategic objectives to be
focused on

2. Identify risks - Periodically an exercise is undertaken to identify
and update the key and emerging risks facing the Group. This
is performed by each relevant business unit and collated into a
broader risk management framework which is ultimately
reported on to the Board and the Audit and Risk Committee.

3 Evaluate risks - The Group evaluates risks based on two key
factors: the likelihood of the risks eventuating, and the impact
on the Group were the risks to eventuate (both financially and
in respect of other matters such as reputation). The relevant
risks are categorised and rated based on the product of these
two factors and contextualised with a further evaluation of
other factors such as speed to impact and whether the risk is
trending in a particular direction.

4. Manage and mitigate risks - Mitigating actions, controls and
monitors are identified for each risk, taking into account the
effectiveness of the current control environment, and the
impact of these on the likelihood and impact of the relevant
risk are evaluated. Where appropriate, changes to the control
environment or other mitigants are identified and implemented.

5. Monitor and review risks - The Group undertakes ongoing
monitoring of risks identified and the ongoing effectiveness of
mitigants implemented and reports on this exercise to the
Board and the Audit and Risk Committee.

When identifying risks, the Group categorises these within one of

the following three areas: strategic and external risks, investment
risks, and operational risks.

Strategic and external risks relate to the ability to deliver on the
Group's strategic objectives or risks from external or broader events.
Investment risks are those associated with investments made by the
Group or the funds managed by it. Operational risks are those
associated with the Group's day-to-day operations, including risks
relating to internal processes, people or systems. Risks in each of
these categories may, if poorly managed, ultimately result in a
negative impact on the profitability or prospects of the Group.

Key rigks

‘The Group’s risk management framework is designed to identify
a broad range of risks and uncertainties which it believes could
adversely impact the stability and financial prospects of the Group.
A similar process is undertaken with respect to risks specifically
facing the funds managed by the Group and as required by
applicable regulatory regimes. As part of each of these frameworks
and processes, ESG-related risks are actively considered.

The following pages set out the Group's key risks identified and
the primary mitigating actions, controls or monitors implemented
for each risk as well as the change in that risk during the course of
2023 compared to 2022.

The key risks are described based on the Group’s combined
assessment of the likelihood and impact of each risk eventuating
after the Group’s controls and mitigants, as well as the speed to
impact of that risk.

Additional risks and uncertainties that the Group may face,
including those that are not currently known or that the Group
currently deems immaterial, may individually or cumulatively also
have a material effect on the Group's business, results of operations
and/or financial condition.

69


===== page 72 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Risk management continued

Fundraising challenges

Change in risk during FY23

Description
The current Bridgepoint funds have a finite life and a finite
amount of commitments from fund investors. Once a fund nears
the end of its investment period, the Group raises additional or
successor funds in order to keep making investments and,

over the long-term, earn management fees (although funds and
investment vehicles continue to earn management fees after the
expiration of their investment periods, they generally do so at a
reduced rate).

The alternative investment management sector is intensely
competitive, with the Group competing with a number of other
persons for investor capital, including sponsors of public and
private investment funds. Fundraising markers remained
congested in 2023. If market conditions for competing
investment products result in a greater number of competing
products promoting similar or higher rates of return than those
achieved by the Bridgepoint funds, the attractiveness of
Bridgepoint funds to investors could decrease and Bridgepoint
could experience reduced investor commitments.

The inability to raise additional or successor funds (or raise
successor funds of a comparable size to predecessor funds), or a
change in the terms on which investors are willing to invest,
could have a material adverse impact on the Group's business,
revenue, net income, cash flows or the ability to retain employees.

Mitigation
‘The Group's capital raising efforts are supported by an in-house
global investor services team, which utilises the Group’s data and
technology capabilities,

‘The Group has made efforts to broaden its investor base, both in
terms of the number of investors across the platform and the
geographic spread of such investors, helping to alleviate
competitive pressures. In particular, the introduction of new
products and strategies to Bridgepoint (through growth or
acquisition) helps to broaden the investor base by investor type,
geography and investment strategy.

Asa leading middle market investor, the Group offers investors a
differentiated approach arising from its global reach and ability to
deploy capital across middle market strategies. This differentiation
insulates the Group, to some extent, against the competitive
pressures arising in respect of attracting fund investors.

Law and regulation

Change in risk during FY23

Description
‘The international nature of the Group’s business, with corporate
and fund entities located in multiple jurisdictions and a diverse
investor base, makes it subject to a wide range of laws and
regulations. It is supervised by a number of regulators, including
the Financial Conduct Authority in the UK, the Securities and
Exchange Commission in the United States, the Autorité des
Marchés Financiers in France and the Commission de
Surveillance du Secteur Financier in Luxembourg. Failure to
comply with these laws and regulations may put the Group at
risk of fines, lawsuits or reputational damage. The failure of the
Group to comply with the rules of professional conduct and
relevant laws and regulations could expose the Group to
regulatory scrutiny, including penalties or enforcement actions.

Increased law and regulation may impact the Group's operating
entities, funds, and the markets and sectors in which the Group's
investment strategies invest or from which capital is raised.

Mitigation
The Group is supported by dedicated Legal and Compliance
functions that provide guidance to the business on its regulatory
and legal obligations. These functions work with colleagues in
other central functions and in local offices to monitor regulatory
and legislative changes in the jurisdictions in which the Group
operates and interact with regulators and industry bodies to stay
informed of regulatory changes. They also proactively take actions
across the business to comply with any changes in law or regulation.

Employees of the Group are provided with periodic training on
the laws and regulations relevant to the Group.

70


===== page 73 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

‘ + : .
. Changes In macroeconomic environment

Description

Macroeconomic events may contribute to volatility in financial
markets which can adversely impact the Group’s business by
reducing the value or performance of the investments made by
Bridgepoint’s funds. These pressures may result in challenges in
finding investment opportunities for funds as well as challenges
in exiting existing investments to realise value for investors. This
could in turn affect the Group’s ability to raise new funds and
materially reduce its profitability.

For example, rising interest rates may adversely impact multiples
and discount rates used for investment valuations. Higher
interest rates may also reduce our ability to secure favourable
financing for fund transactions, impacting fund recurns. Higher
interest rates may also impact the cost of financing under Group
facilities, or the availability of such financing. Furthermore,
unhedged foreign exchange rate movements impact total returns
and fund net asset values.

pose os -

Fund underperformance

Description
In the event that certain of the Bridgepoint funds were to
perform unsatisfactorily, in particular if this were the case for a
larger Bridgepoint fund (for example, the current private equity
flagship fund, Bridgepoint Europe VII or its successors), this may
adversely affect the Group's business, brand and reputation and
lead to difficulties for the Group in attracting fund investors and
raising capital for new funds in the fucure.

Change in risk during FY23 @

Mitigation
‘The Group's business model is predominantly based on illiquid,
closed-end funds which allow investment teams to remain
disciplined throughout economic cycles. A range of approaches
are used to inform strategic planning and risk mitigation across
such cycles, including active management of the Group's fund
portfolios, profitability and balance sheet scenario planning,
treasury management, and stress testing to ensure resilience
across a range of macroeconomic outcomes.

Operating products in different asset classes can also help to mitigate
the impact of macroeconomic change, for example higher interest
rates may benefit the Group’s private credit strategy.

Senior management of the Group regularly updates the business
on economic trends and outlooks to aid investment teams and
corporate functions to anticipate and proactively address
macroeconomic risks.

Change in risk during FY23 @

Mitigation
The Group has in place a robust and disciplined investment
process where investments are analysed and selected by the
Group’s Operating Committees and Investment Advisory
Committees. Portfolio Management and Portfolio Review
Committees regularly monitor investment performance and
delivery of investment objectives. Any ‘at risk’ investments are
subject to a detailed review by a Portfolio Working Group or
receive other specialist attention.

Investment processes not only evaluate and mitigate the risks
inherent in particular investments or divestments, but also ensure
that all investment decisions are taken in accordance with the
relevant fund’s investment strategy.

The Group limits fund exposure to individual investments, and
diversifies investments in terms of sector, vintage and geography.

‘The deal flow of Bridgepoint funds is driven by the Group's
sector strategy which is continually refined to exploit market
conditions, incading changes in competitive pressures. The
Group's investment approach has evolved through different
economic cycles, helping ic to resist temporary pressures.

‘The introduction of new products and strategies to Bridgepoint
(through growth or acquisition) also helps to reduce dependence
on performance of any individual fund.

7


===== page 74 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Risk management continued

Decreased pace or size of investments

Change in risk during FY23 @®

ment

made by Bridgepoint funds

Description
‘The Group's revenue is driven in part by the pace at which the
Bridgepoint funds make investments and the size of those
investments, and a decline in the pace or the size of such
investments may reduce the Group's revenue.

Many factors could cause a decline in the pace of investment,
including the inability of the Group’s investment professionals to
identify attractive investment opportunities, decreased
availability of capital on attractive terms and the failure to
consummate identified investment opportunities because of
business, regulatory or legal complexities, new regulations,
guidance provided or other actions taken by regulatory
authorities, or uncertainty and adverse developments in the
global economy or financial markets.

The Group competes for investment opportunities for the
Bridgepoint funds, and such competition is based primarily on
the pricing, terms and structure of a proposed investment and
certainty of execution. The market for private equity transactions
has at times been characterised by relatively high prices, which
can make the deployment of capital more difficult.

A failure to deploy committed capital in a timely manner may
have a negative impact on investment performance and the"
ability to raise new funds.

Mitigation
‘The rate of investment is kept under review by senior
management to ensure that it is maintained at an acceptable level.

‘The Group has ongoing dialogue with its investors and is
sensitive to their concerns regarding investment and realisation
pace. These concerns are taken into consideration when setting
the short and long-term strategy of a fund, and where necessary
consent is sought to modify investment periods to align with the
pace of investment that is reasonably and responsibly achievable.

Personnel and key people

Change in risk during FY23
: 2»@

Description

‘The Group's personnel, including its investment professionals
and specialist teams, are highly important to the Group’s business
and its strategy implementation, and the market for such persons
is highly competitive. The Group’s continued success is therefore
dependent upon its ability to retain and motivate its personnel
and to strategically recruit new talented professionals.

In particular, the Group depends on the efforts, skill, reputations
and business contacts of its executive management and other
key senior team members and the information and deal flow
they generate.

Mitigation
‘The Group has competitive reward schemes in place for all
employees, with rewards weighted towards performance and
long-term alignment with fund investors, driving value for the
Group. For senior management, these include a blend of short
and long-term incentives.

‘The Group performs ongoing succession planning and invests
in leadership development.

72


===== page 75 =====
Bridgepoint ~ 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Information technology and cyber security

Description

The Group relies on the secure processing, storage and
transmission of confidential and other information in Bridgepoint
computer systems and networks. Cyber-security incidents and
cyber-attacks have been occurring globally at a more frequent
and severe level and will likely continue to increase in frequency
in the furure. As an increasingly global business, the Group faces
various cyber-security threats on a regular basis, including
ongoing cyber-security threats to, and attacks on, information
technology infrastructure that are intended to gain access to.
proprietary information, destroy data or disable or degrade or
sabotage systems

Cyber-security failures, technology failures or data security
breaches could result in the confidentiality, integrity or
availability of data being negatively affected, causing disruption
or damage to the Group's business.

poo

| Third-party service providers

Description

Certain of the Group's funds and Group activities depend on the
services of third-party service providers, including those
providing banking and foreign exchange, professional advisory
services, information technology, insurance broking, depository
and alternative investment management services. The Group

is subject to the risk of errors, failure, or regulatory non-
compliance by such persons, which may be attributed to the
Group and subject it or the Bridgepoint funds to reputational
damage, business disruption, penalties or losses.

Change in risk during FY23

Mitigation
The Group has in place an internal vulnerability management
programme, as well as critical asset processes to patch critical
vulnerabilities. Phishing testing is performed at least quarterly,
and penetration testing is undertaken annually.

‘The Group has a disaster recovery plan in place, and all key systems
are hosted in the cloud, providing an inherent level of resilience.

nal Change in isk during FY23 @®

Mitigation :

‘The Group ensures appropriate due diligence is undertaken in
respect of third-party service providers prior to appointment,
and appropriate monitoring and oversight of appointed third-
party service providers is undertaken on a periodic basis.

73


===== page 76 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

TCFD disdlosures

We are committed to supporting the transition to a low carbon economy
and journey to net zero in line with the Paris Agreement and reporting
our progress transparently in line with the Task Force on Climate-related
Financial Disclosures (“TCFD”) recommendations.

Compliance statement

In this report we set out our climate-related financial disclosures. In accordance with the requirements of Listing Rule 9.8.6(8),
Bridgepoint Group plc has included climate-related financial disclosures consistent with the TCFD recommendations within this Annual
Report. At the time of publication, the Company is compliant with the following disclosures:

- Governance (all recommended disclosures);
- Strategy (all recommended disclosures);
- Risk management (all recommended disclosures); and

= Metrics and targets (recommended disclosures a) and b) only, with work ongoing to define an intermediate target and associated KPIs
for disclosure ¢)).

In 2024 we plan to continue our progress in reporting against all four pillars of the recommendations.

Governance

a) ‘The Board, assisted by the ESG Committee and the Audit and Risk Committee, is accountable for the Group's
Board oversight responsible investment strategy in which, climate-related risks and opportunities are factored. The Board is updated at
of climate- every meeting by the chairs of the ESG and Audit and Risk Committee and will periodically have deeper discussions

related risks and CoVering specific ESG related projects, performance and initiatives.

opportunities The ESG Committee ensures that sustainability considerations, including climate concerns, are integrated into the
(See more on Company's strategic and financial planning and monitors ESG performance across the Group and portfolio. Updates
Governance on on ESG matters, including as relevant to climate change, are provided to the ESG and Audit and Risk Committees via
pages 86 to. 90 management in addition to the regular updates provided by the Chief Executive in his Board briefing.

and the ESG

committee

report on

page 99)

b) Adam Jones (CFO) is the Board-level executive sponsor for sustainability matters, whilst our Chief Investment
Management's Officer (CIO), Xavier Robert, is responsible for sustainability matters at the Executive Committee level.

role in ‘The Executive Committee meets regularly and implements the Group's sustainability strategy, sets priorities, agrees
assessing and sustainability targets and oversees responsible investment procedures and policies. Following the year-end, the
managing Executive Committee has been replaced by the Group Management Committee and Group Operating Committee,
climate-related that will take on the same role.

risks and

‘The responsibility for identifying, assessing, and managing climate-related risks impacting Bridgepoint's operations
ona day-to-day basis is led by the Sustainability team whose responsibilities include managing risks associated with
the Company's investment activities. The Sustainability team, with support from the Legal and Compliance team
and input from relevant business units, is responsible for developing a register of climate-related risks and
opportunities as well as devising suitable mitigation strategies for any material risks identified. In addition, the
Sustainability team provides support to the Board, its committees, and the Executive Committee (now the Group
Management Committee and Group Operating Committee) in carrying out their responsibilities and assists in the
development and implementation of the Group's sustainability strategy. The Sustainability team reports directly to
the CIO and the ESG Committee while the Legal and Compliance team provides regular updates to the Audit and
Risk Committee on risk-related matters.

opportunities

14


===== page 77 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

Strategy

Identifying
climate-related
risks and
opportunities
over the short,
medium, and
long-term

The climate-related risk for the Group is low.

Tn 2023 we conducted a climate scenario analysis covering 100% of our private equity portfolio and 58% of our
private debt AUM focusing on our most recent funds and those with the greatest management influence. The
analysis used three different climate scenarios, which are aligned to the Financial Conduct Authority's (FCA) ESG
Sourcebook:

~ 2°C orderly: aligned with Representative Concentration Pathway (RCP) 2.6 and assumes a temperarure rise of
<2°C by 2100 :

~ 2°C disorderly: aligned with RCP 2.6 and assumes a temperature rise of <2°C by 2100, assuming that this is
achieved through a period of inaction followed by more significant decarbonisation policies implemented from
2030 onwards

~ 4°C “hot house”: aligned with RCP 8.5 and assumes a temperature rise of c.4°C by 2100
~ These scenarios have been assessed across three distinct timeframes:

~ Short-term: 2025

~ Medium-term: 2030

~ Longer-term: 2050

To understand the potential transition risks and opportunities (policy and legal, technology and market) for
Bridgepoint, the assessment used an integrated assessment model (IAM) scenario analysis tool, which comprises a
computable general equilibrium (CGE) model, an energy transitions model, and an emissions projections model
(namely, the Model for the Assessment of Greenhouse Gas Induced Climate Change, MAGICC).

Physical risk analysis leveraged climate modelling data from meteorological data specialists, the Cross Dependency
Initiative (XDI) and to quantify potential exposure to physical risks, a “productivity loss” metric was applied that
utilises damage curves similar to those used in the insurance industry. The productivity loss metric quantified the
potential lost revenue due to operational disruption resulting from climate change.

‘The assessment concluded that, overall, our private equity and credit portfolio is exposed to relatively low climate
risk and therefore, the earnings of portfolio companies are not modelled to be significantly impacted under 2°C and
49C degree scenarios (more detailed results can be found in the metrics and targets section). We are committed to
repeating this exercise regularly, covering both the Group and portfolio companies as both develop and change.

We have used the Implied Temperature Rise (I'TR) measure to help understand the key barriers to achieving
Bridgepoint’s net zero target. The ITR analysis pointed out that Bridgepoint’s private equity and credit portfolios are
currently marginally misaligned to 2°C or 1.5°C pathways, and indicated a need to accelerate the implementation of
our climate programme which will help tackle portfolio emissions. (More detailed results on ITR is available in the
metrics and targets section below).

The above assessment has been carried out for our existing portfolio. However, pre-investment ESG due diligence is
perhaps the most important stage in our investment cycle for identifying climate related risks. For example, during
the due diligence process for private equity, our investment teams, in collaboration with external sustainability
advisers, identify material risks, including climate-related risks, and develop recommendations for suitable control
measures. The due diligence process accounts for both physical and transitional climate-related risks, including but
not limited to climate regulations mandating measurement and reduction of scope 1, 2 and 3 Greenhouse Gas
(GHG) emissions, compliance obligations related to country-specific emission trading schemes, risk of flooding to
key operational locations and associated impacts on supply chains.

75


===== page 78 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

TCFD disclosures continued

Strategy continued

Impact of
climate-related
risks and
opportunities

The direct impact of climate-related risks on the Group's operations is considered to be limited. Therefore, while
climate-related impacts are considered within our risk management system, they are not a principal risk.

Based on the scenario analysis previously outlined, both physical and transition risks are likely to be limited for
Bridgepoint’s investment activities. This is largely driven by the geographic and sectoral composition of the
companies in which Bridgepoint invests:

~ Both credit and private equity portfolios are primarily comprised of European businesses. These markets have
typically set transition plans and clear NDC (Nationally Determined Contribution) iargets and climate action is
therefore already incorporated in the baseline ‘BAU’ scenario. As such, the difference in outcomes between a “hot
house” and a 2°C scenario is slight.

- From a sector standpoint, Bridgepoint has limited exposure to heavy industry. As a result, most investments have
relatively limited barrier to change in relation to decarbonising their operations.

In terms of transition risks, given the relatively low carbon intensity of the portfolio, the financial impact to the
portfolio companies modelled is typically low and attributable to changes in revenues or costs of goods sold (as
opposed to high carbon costs). Physical risk exposure is also modelled to be low in the medium-term on the earnings
of companies in both the private equity and credit portfolios,

The resilience
of the
organisation
and strategy

‘Taking into account the climate scenario analysis previously described, the risks identified and the processes we
have established to manage them, we consider the Group to be reasonably resilient to the impact of climate change.
Moreover, relevant disaster recovery policies are in place to ensure the safe and continued operation of our offices
and IT infrastructure should a material climate change related event rake place.

‘Asa result of incorporating ESG due diligence into our pre investment screening processes the risk associated with our
portfolios is also limited. In aggregate portfolio risk is further reduced by diversification across geographies and sectors.

Risk management

Processes for
identifying
and assessing
climate-related
risks

(See more

on risk
management
on pages 68

to 73)

Identification of climate risks forms part of our overall approach to risk management.

The Legal and Compliance team, which reports to the Audit and Risk Committee and the Executive Committee,
periodically undertakes a process to identify the Group’s key risk exposures, including climate-related risks. As risks
are continually evolving, he Compliance and Sustainability teams regularly screen ESG regulatory matters that are
material to Bridgepoinr, including those related to climate risk and undertake horizon scanning to identify emerging
risks. Any material issues identified will be escalated to the Executive Committee, Audit and Risk Committee and
ESG Committee as appropriate.

We consider our biggest exposure to climate issues to be in our investment portfolio and this is where we continue
to focus our attention. As developed in the strategy section, in 2023 we have conducted a comprehensive climate-
related risk mapping exercise to develop a more granular overview of our climate related risks. The résults of this
assessment will be integrated into the Company's central risk register to ensure climate-related risks continue to be
considered in the Company's strategic and financial planning

76


===== page 79 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

Processes for
managing
climate-related
risks

(See more on
risk

Ac the Group level, sustainability and climate-related risks are included within the cenwral risk management system. All
enterprise risks are assigned an owner, to ensure oversight of the risk management process. Where specific technical or
legal expertise is required, the Group is supported by our extensive network of sustainability and legal advisers,
industry associations and working groups. Mitigation strategies, and control measures are identified for each risk, and
an evaluation is undertaken of the current control environment.

Whilst the direct environmental impact from Bridgepoint's own operations is considered to be limited, we are working

management _ on reducing our GHG footprint through the implementation of office emission reduction initiatives, supplemented by
on pages 68 to verified carbon credits.
73 and alist of across our investment strategies, we consider active engagement an essential component of Bridgepoint’s approach to
relevant sustainability risk management. Throughout the investment period, we support and collaborate with portfolio
i; oy 8 ous) nent pennoc we we vp
industry bodies companies’ management teams to implement best-practice sustainability processes, policies and risk management
and ESG systems. Within our private equity portfolio, we work with portfolio company management teams to ensure
integration into appropriate ESG governance is in place at both Board and executive team level. Furthermore, the team ensures
the investment _ portfolio companies establish appropriate sustainability and carbon reduction initiatives and uses specific sustainability
process is KPIs to monitor che companies’ progress. We also leverage our necwork of sustainability advisers to help portfolio
includedon _ CO™panies to identify and manage material sustainability related risks.
pages 42 to 47) In 2023, we enhanced the management of climate related risks through the implementation of our climate programme.
‘The programme enhances risk management through ensuring proper GHG accountability and science-based target
setting
Within our credit strategy, where possible, Bridgepoint provides portfolio companies wih financial incentives and
penalties in the form of ESG margin ratchets. The margin ratchets include specified sustainability targets relevant to the
business. Thereby, management of sustainability-related risks remains a focal point throughout our investment period.
Integration of — Climate-related risks are integrated into the Group's risk management framework, which is further detailed on pages 68
climate-related to 73.
risks into A similar risk management process is in place for our investment portfolio, monitored and managed by the Sustainability
overall risk and Investment teams with oversight from the ESG Committee. Any material climate risks identified over the course of
management _ pre investment due diligence are reviewed by the relevant investment committees, with our Investment teams

(See more on
risk
management
on pages 68 to
73)

supporting portfolio companies during investment to develop sustainability roadmaps, monitor KPIs and report on
progress. To encourage detailed disclosure on sustainability matters, all portfolio companies are required to provide at
Jeast annually a comprehensive account of their sustainability performance, including with respect to management of
climate-related risks. The climate programme described in the previous section, supports portfolio companies in gaining
a more granular understanding of their GHG foocprint and in developing credible emission reduction plans which
provide a degree of risk mitigation.

Where the climate programme at a portfolio company is in the early stages of implementation, we have estimated the
financed emissions of our private equity and credit portfolio using PCAF methodology. Please see our disclosure under
metrics and targets.

77


===== page 80 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

TCFD disclosures continued

Metrics and targets

Metrics used
to assess
climate-related
risks and
opportunities

Bridgepoine has been monitoring the Group’s scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions since 2019. We have disclosed the GHG
emissions related to our investment portfolio since 2022, calculating this in line with the GHG Accounting &
Reporting Standard for the Financial Industry, developed by PCAF.

To help enable portfolio companies to calculate their GHG footprint, in 2023 we launched a centralised Climate
Programme. The programme helps portfolio companies both in the calculation and verification of GHG emissions
and also the development of tailored GHG emission reduction plans. We believe that this programme will make a
material difference in the robustness of the reporting of our financed scope 3 emissions.

Alongside GHG emissions, we track a broad range of sustainability and climate-related metrics across our private
equity and credit investment activities.

In private equity portfolio companies, annual KPls include energy consumption, adoption of climate-related policies
and the implementation of appropriate governance and risk structures, as well as other company specific KPIs (e.g.
water consumption, hazardous and non-hazardous waste production, biodiversity and life-cycle assessment) that are
monitored throughout the investment period to ensure alignment to Bridgepoint’s sustainability standards.

In our private credit business, we have established an annual portfolio company scoring system, which enables us to
assess sustainability performance against over 30 KPls, including environmental metrics such as consumption of
renewable energy and GHG emissions reduction.

In terms of specific metrics used to assess climate related risks, we have also used both CVaR (Climate Value-at-Risk)
and ITR. Detailed below.

C’VaR is a forward-looking metric used to measure the climate-related risks and opportunities within an investment
portfolio.

~ In the mediuim-term (2030), the climate transition is modelled to have a low negative impact on the earnings of
the private equity portfolio of -0.2% and -0.1% under the 2°C disorderly and orderly scenario respectively, when
compared to a business as usual (BAU) “hot-house” scenario, Similar to private equity, the credit portfolio is
modelled to have earnings 0.6% lower and 1% lower in 2030 under the orderly and disorderly scenario
respectively relative to the BAU scenario.

In the longer-term (2050), earnings for the private equity portfolio are modelled to be 1% higher under the 2°C
scenarios compared to the BAU scenario. The credit portfolio is modelled to continue to experience a reduction in
potential earnings (compared to BAU) of 0.3% and 0.5% for the orderly and disorderly scenarios respectively.

ITR is a forward-looking metric that translates the output of longer-term scenario analysis into an estimated change
in temperature, expressed as a numeric degree rating,

~ For private equity, in the short and medium-term, the portfolio is projected to be marginally misaligned to a 2°C
scenario.

~ For private debr, the portfolio is projected to be marginally misaligned to a 2°C carbon scenario.

78


===== page 81 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

Bridgepoint
Group
emissions
and financed
emissions

‘The method used for calculating GHG emissions is in line with the GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and
Reporting Standard and ISO 14064-1. We have included all sites and activities which fall under our operational
control boundary.

The calculation includes:

Scope 1 emissions, which include an estimation of emissions from cooling systems within the offices Bridgepoint
occupies as well as mobile and stationary combustion.

Scope 2 emissions, which include purchased electricity as well as heat procured for our offices. They have been
calculated using the location-based approach as well as the market-based approach to illustrate our efforts to procure
renewable electricity since 2020.

Scope 3 emissions, which include:

~ Category 1 (purchased goods and services) based on a combination of the average-data and spend-based
methodologies. In previous years the calculation had primarily inchaded spend related to IT equipment, but in
2023 this has been extended to other categories such as advisory fees, catering services etc.

- Category 3 (fuel and energy) derived from the energy use in 2023.

= Category 6 (business travel) based on expenditure and distance travelled for air travel, rail travel, taxis, and rental
cars, and on the number of nights stayed or expenditure on hotels

~ Category 7 (commuting) based on mode of transport, distance travelled and number of days to the office collected
through’a survey conducted during 2023.

~ Category 15 (investments) based on calculations in line with PCAF methodology. These are shown separately in
the following section.

- Categories 2, 4, 8, 10, 11, 12,13,14 are either not relevant or not significant and have not been calculated.

Below are the Group's emissions (tCO;e):

Reporting year 2023 2022
Emissions Scope UK _Rest Of World Total UK Rest Of World Total
Total energy consumption (kWh) [434,361 855,391 1,289,752[584,954 861,498 1,446,452
Total energy from renewable sources (kWh) _|267,193 409,426 _676,6194 196,885 387,009 583,894
% of energy from renewable sources 62% 48% 52% 34% 45% 40%
Scope 1 (tCOze) 12 18 301-62 35 97
Scope 2 - location-based ((CO,e) 82 175 2581 104 165 269
Scope 2 - market-based (tCO,e) 30. (97 127 66 95 162
Total Scope 1+2 = location-based ((CO,e) 94 193-288] 166 200 366
Total Scope 1+2- market-based (tCO,e) «| «42 115 1571128 131 258
Emissions intensity for Scope 1+2 y

- locations- based (tCO,e/FTE) 0,41 1,26 0,75) 0,76 1,38 101
Emissions intensity for Scope 1+2

= market-based (tCO,e/FTE) 0,18 0,75 041] 0,59 090 071
Scope 3 emissions ((CO,e) N/A “N/A. 4,415] N/A N/A 1,713

79


===== page 82 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

TCFD disclosures continued

Metrics and targets continued

Bridgepoint
Group
emissions

and financed .
emissions
continued

Estimated emissions from financing activities.

We have estimated portfolio company emissions for our private equity portfolio and our selected credit funds (covering
58% of private debt AUM) using the PCAF methodology. For credit in 2022, BCO TV and BDL III were included and
in 2023, we have extended the scope to include BDL II and a number of SMAs. We also calculated the weighted average
carbon intensity (WAC), measuring tonnes of CO;e produced per million dollars of revenue.

2023 2022

‘Total emissions WACI (tCO;e/M$) Total emissions WACI (cCO;e/M$)
Strategy (eCOxe) (Scope 1, 2 and 3) (cCO;e) (Scope 1, 2 and 3)

Private Equity [1,630,824 464) 892,638 191
Private Credit i 340,488 190} 114,612 161

Comparisons with the previous reporting year

Our Scope 1 emissions represent 30 tCO,¢ in 2023 compared to 97 tCO,¢ in 2022. Whilst we have continued to
use the same externally managed service for calculating emissions, our approach continues to be refined and
improved and it was determined that the previous year’s figures associated with cooling were overestimated.

Scope 2 location and market-based emissions decreased by 4% and 21% respectively vs 2022. This was driven by
moving the London office to a new, BREEAM certified, more energy efficient building.

Scope 3 emissions represent 4,415 tCOze compared to 1,713 tCO,¢ in 2022. This is the result of enhancing our
approach to reporting, including the addition of new categories such as commuting and energy related activities and
extending the scope of other categories such as purchased goods and services. Our scope 3 emissions remained
primarily the result of business air travel which accounted for 67% of scope 3 emissions, whilst 26% was the result
of purchased goods and services.

For financed emissions (category 15), the GHG emissions account for 1,630,824 tCO,¢ in 2023 for private equity
relative to 892,638 tCO,e in 2022. This change is the result of improving the PCAF data quality used in the calculation:
in 2022, 100% of the financed emissions were estimated using sector and region-based emissions factors (PCAF data
quality score 4). In 2023, we have incorporated company reported GHG emissions, following the GHG protocol
standard for 12 companies, which represents approximately 25% of private equity AUM (PCAF data quality score 2)
For private credit, GHG emissions accounted for 340,488 tCOze in 2023 vs 114,612 tCO,e in 2022 as the result of the
inclusion of additional funds in the calculation and the use of reported scope 1 and 2 emissions for 31 credit portfolio
companies. In 2024 and beyond we aim to increase the use of reported emissions and calculate our financed emissions
with data quality score 1 and 2 to continue improving the accuracy of the portfolio data we disclose.

Targets,
performance,
and key
priorities

‘Ata Group level we aim to achieve the following:

Procure 100% of the Group's office electricity from renewable sources, either through ‘green’ electricity tariffs or through
the purchase of energy attribute certificates. We are pleased to report that we have satisfied this target since 2020.

Offset our residual emissions by purchasing carbon credits in certified nature-based investment schemes which are in
line with the “beyond value chain mitigation” recommendations from the Science-Based Targets initiative as part of
their Net-Zero standard.

Reduce our emissions through initiatives such as our UK employees benefiting from electric vehicle lease and cycle to
work schemes as part of their benefits package, and moving the London office to building BREEAM rated ‘Excellent’

At portfolio level, we have set a long-term ambitious target of achieving net zero emissions in our portfolio by 2040.

We recognise that this is an ambitious agenda, and we will take into consideration the maturity of our portfolio
companies’ sustainabilicy strategies, offering them the necessary level of support as they work towards improving
their sustainability performance.

Further demonstrating our drive to invest responsibly, we have committed to aligning all our new private equity and
private debr funds to Article 8 of the SFDR. BE VII, BDC V and BG I! are aligned to Article 8 and have dedicated
climate objectives. Within the credit business, BDL Il], BDL IV and BCO IV are also aligned to Article 8.

80


===== page 83 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Non-financial and sustainability information statement

The Group complies with the non-financial reporting requirements
contained in sections 414CA and 414CB of the Companies Act
2006. Details of our business model are included on pages 24 to
31 and our principal risks and how we manage those risks are
inchided on pages 68 t0 73.

Employee matters

At Bridgepoint we firmly believe that our people are our greatest asset
From the recruitment of diverse and talented professionals

who exhibit a passion for performance and drive, to the development
of staff through hands-on learning and extensive training, we strive to
foster a collaborative and inclusive environment. We are committed
to being an equal opportunities employer and oppose all forms of
unlawful discrimination. As such, we ensure our overall levels of
remuneration are without gender bias and are designed to attract,
develop and retain talented employees.

Employee diversity

As at 31 December 2023, the Group had 391 permanent
employees. Of those that provided data, 212 were male, and 177
were female. There are efforts to increase the pipeline of furure
female leaders at the firm, such as a 50:50 International Associate
Programme target split of men and women, and a targeted increase
in the number of women in the investment team to 30% by 2025.

For more information on DEIB see the People section on pages 32
to 35.

Human rights

We are committed to preventing any form of slavery and human
trafficking. We seek to ensure there are no such practices in our
business and supply chain, Periodically, Bridgepoint reinforces
policies against modern slavery and human trafficking through
firm-wide training.

Our latest statement on modern slavery can be found on the
Company’s website.

Whistleblowing

The Group has a whistleblowing policy that encourages colleagues to
report suspected wrongdoing as soon as possible, and an externally
managed whistleblowing reporting system is in place that allows
colleagues to raise concerns in confidence. Whistleblowing matters
raised are escalated as appropriate to the Audit and Risk Commitee.

Anti-bribery and corruption

We are committed to ethical business practices across all our
operations and investments. Our policy is never to offer, request or
receive bribes, and to refuse any request to pay them. We report any
instances of bribery or corruption we discover to relevant regulators
and authorities as appropriate. Our investment approach includes a
detailed review of bribery and corruption matters to ensure we do not
invest in companies or projects that engage in corruption or appear to
have a high risk of such behaviour. We investigate and deal with all
reported or identified cases of corruption in line with our policy,
which applies to all entities within the Group wherever we do
business.

Environmental matters

‘The Group's disclosures in accordance with the Streamlined
Energy and Carbon Reporting requirements are set within the
TCFD section out on pages 74 to 80.

81


===== page 84 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Board of Directors

William Jackson

Chairman

Appointment
Appointed Managing Partner in 2003 and Chairman in June 2021

Skills and experience
William has worked extensively on private equity transactions across
Europe over a 30-year career and has served on numerous boards.

William is also a Non-Executive Director of Berkeley Group, the
FTSE 100 property company. He is a graduate of Oxford University.

Other significant appointments
- Non-Executive Director, The Berkeley Group Holdings ple

82

Raoul Hughes

Chief Executive

Appointment
Appointed Vice Chair in 2016 and Chief Executive
in October 2023

Skills and experience

Raoul joined Bridgepoint in 1988 and has over 30 years of
experience within the alternative assets market and has been
extensively involved in private equity investments across Europe.
Raoul is Chair of Bridgepoint’s Group Management Committee
and Group Operating Committee.

Raoul has a degree in Business Administration from the University
of Bath where he also supports a number of PhD programmes.


===== page 85 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Key

Audit and Risk Committee
Nomination Committee
Remuneration Committee
ESG Committee

1 Commitee Chair

Archie Norman

Senior Independent Director

Appointment
Appointed in June 2021

Skills and experience
Archie has a breadth of business experience and an extensive track
record in business change, having led the transformation of a
number of major UK businesses. He has served on the board of a
number of publicly listed companies in the UK and internationally.

He is currently Chairman of Marks and Spencer ple and of Signal
Al and has served as Chairman of ITV ple and of Lazard UK. He
has also served as Lead Non-Executive Director at the Department
of Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy. Amongst other
positions he has held during his career, Archie has previously
served as Chief Executive and Chairman of ASDA ple and Finance
Director of Kingfisher ple. He has served as a Non-Executive
Director on the Board of British Rail, Railtrack and Geest, and has
also served as a Member of Parliament in the House of Commons
of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for eight years.

Other significant appointments
~ Chairman, Marks and Spencer ple

Adam Jones

Chief Financial Officer
and Chief Operating Officer

Appointment
Joined the Group in 2018 and appointed in June 2021

Skills and experience

Prior to Bridgepoint Adam held a number of global CFO roles,
including most recently at Pret A Manger and previously
All3Media, NBC News in New York and Universal Studios.

‘Adam started his career with leading accounting and professional
services firm PwC and then spent nine years at IMG, the global
sports management group, in a number of roles up to Senior
International Vice President,

Adam has an Honours degree in Accounting from the University
of Birmingham.

83


===== page 86 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Board of Directors continued

Angeles Garcia-Poveda

Independent Non-Executive Director

N®

Appointment
Appointed in June 2021

Skills and experience
Angeles is an international executive with extensive experience
in governance.

Angeles is an international executive with extensive experience in
governance. She is currently Chairperson of the Board of Legrand
SA, the CAC 40 global specialist in electrical and digital building
infrastruccure, where she has been lead independent director and
chaired the Nominations, Governance and Remuneration committees.
She is an independent director at Edenred, listed in the French CAC
40 index, and sits on the Board of Directors of Puig and the French
Institute for Sustainable Finance. She also spent 14 years with the
Boston Consulting Group, where she worked as a consultant in Madrid
and Paris prior to another 15 years with Spencer Stuart where she
‘was part of the global Management Team and served as a Director.

Other significant appointments
~ Chairperson of the Board, Legrand SA

~ Non-Executive Director, Edenred SE

84

Carolyn McCall DBE

Independent Non-Executive Director

BNE

Appointment
Appointed in July 2021

Skills and experience
Carolyn is a seasoned chief executive with a strong track record
in value creation and business transformation.

She is currently Chief Executive of ITV ple, having been Chief
Executive of easyJet for nearly eight years. She has also held
various commercial and management roles at the Guardian Media
Group, including CEO of the Guardian and Observer before
becoming Group CEO in 2006. She has served on the Boards of a
number of publicly listed global companies, including New Look,
Tesco, Lloyds Bank Group and Burberry, where she was the SID.

She has also served as a Director of the Department of Business,
Energy and Industrial Strategy and has been a Trustee of the Royal
Academy of Arts for 8 years.

Other significant appointments
~ Chief Executive, ITV ple


===== page 87 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Key

Audit and Risk Committee
Nomination Committee
Oy Remuneration Committee
ESG Committee

0 Committee Chair

Tim Score

Independent Non-Executive Director

IES] N

Appointment
Appointed in June 2021

Skills and experience

Tim has significant experience in the rapidly evolving global
technology landscape as well as many years of engagement with
both mature economies and emerging markets.

He is Chairman of British Land, having been a Non-Executive
Director since 2014 and previously serving as Chair of its Audit
Committee. He is the Deputy Chair, Senior Independent Director
and Chair of the Nomination Committee at Pearson ple and is
Non-Executive Director at the Football Association. Tim was
formerly a Non-Executive Director of HM Treasury and CFO of
ARM Holdings ple for 13 years and held senior financial positions
at Rebus Group Limited, William Baird ple, LucasVarity ple and
BTR plc. From 2005 to 2014, he was a Non-Executive Director
and Chair of the Audit Committee at National Express Group
PLC, including time as interim chairman and six years as senior
independent director.

Other significant appointments
- Chairman, The British Land Company plc

- Non-Executive Director, Pearson ple

Cyrus Taraporevala

Independent Non-Executive Director

LAT NTR]

Appointment
Appointed in January 2023

Skills and experience

Cyrus is a highly respected industry leader in asset management
with more than 30 years of experience, having successfully led and
grown global businesses of scale.

He is currently a Non-Executive Director of Shell ple and
previously he was President and Chief Executive Officer of State
Street Global Advisors from 2017 to 2022. Prior to joining State
Street, Cyrus held numerous leadership roles in asset management
including at Fidelity, BNY Mellon, Legg Mason and Citigroup.
Earlier in his career, Cyrus was a partner at McKinsey & Company,
based in New York and Copenhagen,

Cyrus was a founding member of the New York Exchange Board
Advisory Council, which proactively addresses the critical need for
inclusive leadership on corporate boards by connecting diverse
candidates with companies seeking new directors. He serves as a
Board member of two non-profits: the Trustees of Reservations, a
Massachusetts-based conservation organisation, and GBH, a public
media producer, distributor, broadcaster and content creator.

Other significant appointments
- Non-Executive Director, Shell ple

85


===== page 88 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Senior Independent
Director’s governance
review

>
Archie Norman
Senior Independent Director

On behalf of the Board, I am pleased
to present the Group’s governance
report for 2023.

In 2023 the Board conducted a series of in-depth reviews of business
strategy and performance. A key area of focus was delivery of the plan
to extend into new asset classes and in particular the ECP transaction,
which will add infrastructure investing to the Bridgepoint platform and
will drive a material increase in AUM, This represents the first step in
the delivery of the strategy announced at the time of the IPO in 2021.

In addition, the Board discussed the financing arrangements for the
Group and detailed updates on the Private Equity and Credit
businesses. The Board seeks to engage with colleagues across the Group,
and one of the Board meetings was held in Bridgepoint’s Frankfurt
office, where a presentation on DACH operations and strategy was
given.

Board composition

On 1 October 2023 the roles of Chair and Chief Executive were
split, with Raoul Hughes becoming Chief Executive and joining
the Board, and William Jackson continuing as Chairman.
Following announcement of the ECP transaction, the Board
concluded that it was timely to evolve the governance of the
Group, reflecting the increased scale of the business. No Non-
Executive Directors were appointed during 2023, although efforts
to identify candidates that would naturally add to the Board’s
expertise and breadth of thinking are continuing. It is expected
that at least one additional Non-Executive Director will be
appointed during 2024. In making this appointment, the focus
remains on ensuring that the relevant candidate contributes to the
overall diversity of viewpoints within the Board, as well as the mix
of skills and knowledge. Further details are contained in the
Nomination Committee report.

86

Stakeholder engagement

A full review of stakeholder engagement can be found in the
Strategic Report on pages 36 to 41.

Corporate Governance Code compliance

The governance report explains the key features of the

Group’s governance framework. The Board remains committed
to maintaining high standards of corporate governance, and the
Group complies with substantially all of the provisions of the
Corporate Governance Code. Further details are set out on
page 90.

Board evaluation

In accordance with the Corporate Governance Code, the 2023
Board evaluation was externally facilitated. The Board evaluation
concluded that the Board and its committees were operating
effectively and a number of opportunities to enhance operations
were identified. Further details are contained in the Nomination
Committee report.

Annual General Meeting

The Company's AGM will take place on Wednesday, 15 May
2024 and the notice of meeting and related explanatory notes
will be distributed to shareholders in due course.

rd La

Archie Norman
Senior Independent Director

> Find out more: bridgepoint.eu


===== page 89 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Corporate governance report

1. Our governance framework
Below is a summary of the Group’s governance structure.

Board Responsible for providing leadership, including ‘A fall schedule of matters reserved for the Board
setting the Group’s purpose, strategy and values, . ‘lable at bridgepoinceu
and promoting its long-term sustainable success. 1S avaliable ar bridgepoine
Committees The Board has established the following committees _ The terms of reference for the Audit and Risk,
to assist it. Remuneration, Nomination and ESG Committees
are available at
> bridgepoint.eu
Audit and Risk Committee Remuneration Committee
The Audit and Risk Committee oversees external The Remuneration Committee determines the policy
and internal audits, and the Group’s financial for Director remuneration and sets the remuneration
reporting and disclosure. It also oversees the Group’s _ of Executive Directors and senior management.
risk management framework and system of internal
controls.
Nomination Committee ESG Committee
The Nomination Commitee evaluates the The ESG Committee assists the Board in its oversight
composition and performance of the Board and of environmental, social and governance matters.
senior executive team. It ensures that plans are in
place for orderly succession for appointments to the
Board and senior management, and considers
candidates for Board positions. H
Disclosure Committee
The Disclosure Committee evaluates the need for
announcements to the market and signs off and
approves the release of RNS announcements
relating to financial results or other material
information. The Disclosure Committee comprises
Raoul Hughes, William Jackson, Adam Jones and
Archie Norman.
Chief Executive, The Board delegates day-to-day responsibility for running the Group to the Chief Executive. The Chief
Group Executive is assisted in this by the Group Management Committee, which oversees implementation of the
Management overall strategy of the Group as determined by the Board, and the Group Operating Committee, which
Committee & manages day-to-day operations and the Group's professional services. Prior to 1 January 2024, the Chief
Group Operating Executive was assisted in these responsibilities by the Executive Committee which was replaced by the
Committee Group Management Committee and the Group Operating Committee described above.

87


===== page 90 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Governance

Corporate governance report continued

2. Board roles and responsibilities

‘The Board provides entrepreneurial leadership and direction to Bridgepoint. The Board promotes the long-term sustainable success
of Bridgepoint, generating value for shareholders and contributing to wider society. The Board is also responsible for oversight
of the Group’s governance and internal control. A full schedule of matters reserved for the Board is available at bridgepoint.eu

Broadly, key executive and non-executive responsibilities are divided as follows:

Chairman ~ Leads the Board and is responsible for the overall effectiveness of the Board and its committees
~ Sets the Board’s agenda, approving strategy, monitoring financial and operational performance
~ Ensures good governance

- Promotes.a culture of openness and debate on the Board, facilitating effective contribution from Non-
Executive Directors

~ Ensures the Board as a whole has a clear understanding of the views of the Company’s shareholders

Chief Executive - Runs the Group on a day-to-day basis and implements the Board’s decisions

~ Develops strategies for consideration by the Board, alongside the Group Chief Financial Officer and
executive management

~ Leads the Group Management Committee and Group Operating Committee
~ Along with the Group Chief Financial Officer, represents the Group to external stakeholders

Group Chief ~ Provides strategic financial leadership to the Group and runs the finance function on a day-to-day basis
Financial er P ¥ y
Officer and ~ Manages the operating platform of the Group
Chief Operating - Develops strategies for consideration by the Board, alongside the Chief Executive and executive management
Officer ~ In conjunction with the Chief Executive, represents the Group to external stakeholders

~ Leads the development of annual budgets for Board approval

88


===== page 91 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Board roles and responsibilities continued

Senior
Independent
Director

- Acts as a sounding board for the Chairman

- Is available to shareholders if they have concerns about contact with the Chairman, Chief Executive or
Group Chief Financial Officer through normal channels, or if such contact has failed to resolve the
relevant issues .

= Leads meetings of the Non-Executive Directors at least annually to appraise the Chairman's performance

Non-Executive

~ Bring special expertise to the Board

Directors ~ Constructively challenge and hold to account the Executive Directors against agreed performance objectives
- Monitor the delivery of the strategy within the risk and control framework set by the Board
- Monitor the integrity and effectiveness of the Group's financial reporting, internal controls and risk
management systems
Company ~ Responsible for advising, in conjunction with the Group General Counsel, on legal, governance and listing
Secretary matters at the Board level and assisting the Board in all governance-related matters

- Provides support to the Board and its committees, ensuring that it has the resources required
to operate effectively

- Maintains the books and records of the Group, and prepares minutes of Board meetings

3. Board activities
During 2023, the Board met eight times and among other areas discussed:

~ the ECP transaction, including integration topics;

updates on the performance of each of the Group's strategies and funds, as well as the fundraising process for funds

currently in the market;

entry into a new revolving credit facility;

engagement with the Company’s shareholders;

Bridgepoint’s DACH strategy and operations;

the implications of generative Al;

~ the establishment of the share buyback programmes;

~ financial reporting mateers and approval of the Group's 2022 Annual Report and 2023 interim results;

~ the 2024 budger, and progress against the 2023 budget;

- shareholder and proxy adviser feedback; and

~ legal and governance updates.

Board meetings have standing agenda items which ensures that key aspects of the business are given due consideration.

89


===== page 92 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Governance

Corporate governance report continued

‘The attendance at Board and Commitcee meetings in 2023 is set out below, along with the number of meetings attended by individual
Directors, and the total meetings that they were entitled to attend.

Name Board ‘Audit and Risk Remuneration Nomination ESG
William Jackson, U7 - - 4/4 -
Raoul Hughes a ~ = = =
Adam Jones WT = - = =
Angeles Garcia-Poveda UT - 6/6 4/4 2/2
Archie Norman WT 5/6 5/6 4/4 -
Cyrus Taraporevala UT 6/6 6/6 - -
Dame Carolyn McCall UT 6/6 = 4/4 2/2.
Tim Score VT 6/6 = 4/4 -
* Raoul joined the Board on 1 October 2023.

4. Culture

‘The Group’s core values of ‘We do what we say’, ‘We do the right thing’ and ‘We act with intelligence and humility’ underpin a strong,
professional and inclusive culture. The Board had a number of opportunities to monitor and review the Group's culture throughout the
year including holding Board meetings in several Bridgepoint offices around the network, the employee engagement survey and ad hoc
meetings between colleagues and Directors. The Board recognises the contribution of Bridgepoint’s unique culture to the success of the
business and is satisfied that it is aligned with the Company's purpose, values and strategy. No specific corrective action was requested
of management during the year.

5. Conflicts of interest

In accordance with the Company’s Articles the Board has a formal system in place for Directors to declare conflicts of interest and for
such conflicts to be considered for authorisation.

In circumstances where a potential conflict arises, the Board (excluding the Director concerned) will consider the situation and either
authorise the arrangement in accordance with the Companies Act 2006 and the Company's Articles or take other appropriate action.

All potential conflicts authorised by the Board are recorded in a register, which is maintained by the Company Secretary. Directors have
a continuing duty to update the Board with any changes to their conflicts of interest.

6. Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code _

The Company is subject to the 2018 Corporate Governance Code for the year ended 31 December 2023, which is publicly available
at www.frc.org.uk. The Company has, during 2023, applied the principles of, and complied with the provisions of, the Corporate
Governance Code, subject to one exception.

Provision 9 of the Corporate Governance Code recommends that, on appointment, the Chair of a company should be independent
when assessed against the circumstances set out in provision 10, and that the roles of the Chair and Chief Executive should not be
exercised by the same individual. In October 2023, Raoul Hughes became Chief Executive with William Jackson continuing as Chairman.
William was not independent on appointment. The Nomination Committee determined that William continuing as the Group's Chairman
would be in the best interests of the Group. William has been engaged with the Group since 2000 and has been Managing Partner since
2003, and therefore provides stabilicy and continuity through his detailed understanding of the Group's operations and the sectors in
which it operates.

90


===== page 93 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Nomination
Committee report

=
Archie Norman
Chair of the Nomination Committee

During 2023, the Nomination Committee
oversaw the Chief Executive succession
and appointment of Raoul Hughes as
Chief Executive. There has also been a
focus on planning longer-term succession,
both to the Board and leadership team.
The Committee continued the search for
further Non-Executive Directors with
complementary skills and experience.

Board composition and appointments

On 1 January 2023, Cyrus Taraporevala was appointed as an
independent Non-Executive Director following an extensive
process overseen by the Nomination Committee. Cyrus’ significant
experience in the asset management sector has been an asset for
the Board, and Cyrus has contributed substantially to the Audit
and Risk Committee and Remuneration Committee. In December,
Cyrus was appointed as a member of the Nomination Committee.

Although Cyrus’ appointment resulted in the Parker Review target
being satisfied through 2023, there are only two women on the
Board out of eight Directors. The Committee is in active
discussions to bring on board a further female Director. During
2024 itis intended that there will be at least one further Non-
Executive Director appointment, with a focus on further
complementing the calibre, breadth of expertise and diversity of
thinking amongst Board members.

In September, the Company announced a separation of the Chair
and Chief Executive roles with effect from 1 October, with Raoul
Hughes becoming Chief Executive and joining the Board, and
William Jackson remaining in the Chair role and focusing his
continuing role in the core PE business. Raoul was an architect of
both the EQT Credit acquisition and the ECP transaction, and was
central to the establishment of the Group’s North American
business. Having worked at Bridgepoint for over 30 years, he has a
deep understanding of Bridgepoint and its culture and values. The
Committee believes that continuity and retaining deep investment
expertise is critical to the success of the existing business. The
announcement of the ECP transaction was a natural time to evolve
the governance of the Group, while enabling the business to
continue to benefit from William and Raoul’s expertise.

Succession planning

The separation of the Chair and Chief Executive roles was an
important evolution in Bridgepoint’s governance, increasing the
executive expertise on the Board. During the year the Committee
reviewed and discussed long-term succession planning for executives
and other members of senior management, as well as the influx
of talent that will follow the ECP acquisition.

Board evaluation

In 2023 The Effective Board LLP facilitated the evaluation of the
Board and each of its committees. The Effective Board LLP has
no connection to the Group or individual Directors.

The Board evaluation concluded that the Board and its committees
were operating effectively, but a number of opportunities to
enhance operations were identified, including:

~ holding a longer Board-level strategy day during 2024 to review
and refine the Group’s strategy following the ECP transaction;

- continued scheduling of deep-dive presentations from business
units to the Board; and

~ the development of a dashboard of key KPls to help the Board
to quickly understand the performance of the Group.

Senior management and direct reports

As at 31 December 2023, of the 12 members of the Executive
Committee, one was a woman, and of the 56 direct reports to
members of the Executive Committee, 13 were women. There is a
continuing focus on improving female representation in senior
levels of the business, including through initiatives such as a
women’s leadership development programme.

‘Asa longer-term project, itis our intention to continue to increase
the pipeline of potential future female leaders, such as through a
50:50 International Associate Programme gender split target, and a
targeted increase in the number of women in the investment team
t0 40% by 2025.

Jee Mo

Archie Norman
Chair of the Nomination Committee

> Find out more: bridgepoint.ew

91


===== page 94 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Audit and Risk
Committee report

=
Tim Score
Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee

The purpose of the Audit and Risk
Committee is to assist the Board in
fulfilling its oversight responsibilities
relating to financial reporting and the
internal controls and risk management of
the business. I am pleased to present the
report of the Committee for the year
ended 31 December 2023. This report
outlines how the Committee discharged
the responsibilities delegated to it by the
Board during the year, and the key topics
it considered in doing so.

‘The principal responsibilities of the Committee can be summarised as:

- Financial reporting - monitoring the integrity and quality of
the financial statements of the Company, including any formal
announcement relating to financial performance, and reviewing
and challenging where necessary major issues regarding accounting
principles, policies, practices, judgements and presentation.

External audit - oversight of the external auditor, reviewing the
effectiveness of the external audit process, making recommendations
to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment and removal
of the external auditor, and developing policy on the engagement
of the external auditor to supply non-audit services.

Internal audit - oversight of the internal auditor, reviewing the
work performed by the internal auditor, and reviewing the
effectiveness of internal audit, including its plans and resources
and making recommendations to the Board on the appointment,
re-appointment and removal of the internal auditor.

Risk management and internal controls - monitoring the
adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s internal controls
and risk management systems.

92

Details on activities undertaken by the Committee in relation to
each of these areas are contained in the Committee report on the
following pages. The primary areas of focus during the year included:

~ Reviewing the content and integrity of the full-year and
half-year financial reporting and the Annual Report.

~ Receiving updates from the internal auditor and management in
respect of internal controls, including, cyber security risk, data
management and governance, ESG and private equity and credit
investment governance.

Reviewing the work undertaken to support the disclosures in
relation to the ECP transaction within the shareholder circular
for the transaction, and also the work being undertaken in
relation to the integration of ECP with the Group.

Lastly, I wish to thank my fellow members of the Committee for
their contributions during the year and I look forward to
continuing our work in 2024.

yn Bos

Tim Score
Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee

~ Find out more: bridgepoin.cu


===== page 95 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Committee governance

Meetings

‘The Committee meets regularly, at least three times a year. In
carrying out its duties, the Committee is authorised by the Board
to obtain any information it needs from any Director or employee
of the Group. The Committee met six times during 2023 and has
met twice since the end of the year prior to the publication of the
Annual Report.

Composition

‘The Committee possesses a good balance of skills and knowledge,
including financial sector experience. In 2023, the Audit and Risk
Committee comprised four independent Non-Executive Directors,
all of whom have financial or related business experience due to
the senior positions they hold or have held in other listed or
publicly traded companies or similar large organisations.

‘The Chair of the Commitee, Tim Score, is the Group's designated
financial expert, having recent and relevant financial experience as
former Audit Committee Chair for the British Land Company ple,
and being an Associate Chartered Accountant. The qualifications
and relevant experience of the other Committee members are
detailed on pages 82 to 85.

The Group CFO is not a member of the Committee but attends
meetings at the invitation of the Chair of the Committee. Mazars
LLP, as external auditor, and members of the Group’s Finance
team also regularly atcend meetings. Deloitte, who are the internal
auditors, are also invited to attend each meeting.

‘The Committee will meet separately with the external auditor at
least twice a year to ensure that they are receiving full cooperation
from management and are obtaining all the information they
require. The external auditor is able to raise matters directly with
the Audit and Risk Committee if they consider that it is desirable
to do so. In addition, the Chair of the Committee meets with the
external auditor and members of the Finance team separately, as
appropriate, throughout the year.

Terms of reference
The Committee has formal terms of reference which can be
accessed on our website at bridgepoint.eu

‘The terms of reference are reviewed by the Board on a regular basis.

Effectiveness

The operations of the Audit and Risk Committee were reviewed as
part of the externally facilitated Board evaluation undertaken in
2023. The Committee was found to be operating effectively, and
more details on the Board effectiveness review more generally can
be found on page 91.

93


===== page 96 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Audit and Risk Committee report continued

Areas of focus in relation to financial reporting

Areas of focus considered by the Committee in relation to financial reporting for the year ended 31 December 2023, and the actions in

respect of these matters, are set out in the following table:

Matter

Work undertaken

Alternative performance measures
‘The Group uses a number of alternative performance measures,
including, but not limited to:

- EBITDA;

~ Underlying EBITDA;

- Underlying EBITDA margin;

- PRE;

~ Underlying FRE;

~ Underlying FRE margin;

~ Underlying profit before tax; and

- Underlying profit before tax margin.

A full list can be found on pages 50 to 53.

The Committee discussed the alternative performance measures
with the Executive Directors, considering their appropriateness.

The Committee was satisfied that the alternative performance
measures selected provide useful information to stakeholders,
and do not detract from the IFRS measures.

Exceptional items

‘The Group’s income statement includes exceptional items which
are separately disclosed. The identification of exceptional items
involves judgement.

The Committee reviewed the items selected by management for
treatment as exceptional items in the financial statements, which
for the year ended 31 December 2023 principally related to the
acquisitions EQT Credit and ECP, and costs incurred in relation
to other potential acquisitions.

‘The Committee was satisfied that the treatment was appropriate
and in line with the Group's accounting policies.

Consolidation

The Group holds investments in a number of funds, carried
interest partnerships and CLOs which it manages. Judgement is
required to be exercised in terms of assessing whether these
investments are controlled by the Group and therefore need to
be consolidated into the Group’s financial statements.

The Committee reviewed management's assessment of
investments that the Group is deemed to control in accordance
with IFRS 10 “Consolidated Financial Statements”, and their
treatment within the financial statements, which for the year
ended 31 December 2023 included consideration of the
treatment of CLO 5 and 6.

The Committee concluded that it was satisfied with
management's assessment.

Revenue recognition

Revenue recognition for the Group’s management fees is not
complex. The recognition of carried interest and investment income
revenue is more complex, and involves estimates and judgement.

The Committee reviewed the recognition of management fees,
carried interest and investment income. In particular, during the
year the Committee reconsidered the methodology applied for
the recognition of carried interest income, including the
discounts applied to the fair value of unrealised investments and
how it was applied ro funds depending upon the stage and
maturity profile of each fund.

The Committee concluded ic was satisfied that revenue had been
properly recognised in the financial statements.

94


===== page 97 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Matter

Work undertaken

Investment valuation

The Group’s co-investments represent a significant portion of the
consolidated balance sheet. As these are mainly unquoted and
illiquid, considerable professional judgement is required in
determining their valuation.

‘The Committee reviewed the methodologies used to value the
Group’s investments in private equity and credit funds, the
process and governance over the valuations and the outcome of
that process as at 31 December 2023.

Specifically, during 2023, the Committee:

~ reviewed how multiples are selected for application in
the valuation of private equity investments and the more
significant changes during the year (increases and decreases);

reviewed changes to the disclosures of estimates used in
investment valuation within the financial statements;

understood how ESG factors are considered in portfolio
company valuations; and

1

reviewed the inputs used within the discounted cash
flow model in respect of the CLO notes.

Having challenged the approach to valuation taken by
management, the Committee was satisfied with the approach
taken as at 31 December 2023 and the disclosures made within
the financial statements.

Effective tax rate

The Group is subject to normal full tax rates in the jurisdictions
in which it operates. However, its current effective tax rate is
lower than the UK statutory tax rate. This is because of timing
differences in when the Group’s income is taxed and the Group
has significant tax losses carried forward in the UK. Taken
together these are key drivers in the difference in the rate.

‘The Committee reviewed the way in which the tax charge for the
year had been determined, including the recognition and
utilisation of tax losses carried forward and the reconciliation of
the effective tax rate to the UK statutory rate.

The Committee also understood how the acquisition of ECP will
impact the effective tax rate of the Group going forwards.

‘The Committee concluded that it was satisfied with
management's approach to the calculation of tax.

Disclosures relating to the acquisition of ECP

Material subsequent events such as an acquisition are required to
be disclosed within the financial statements, including the impact
on the balance sheet, which includes the fair valuation of
identifiable assets and assumed liabilities at the acquisition date
along with any goodwill and intangible assets.

The Committee reviewed disclosures included within the
financial statements relating to the pending ECP transaction.

The Committee understood how the prospective opening
balance sheet will be derived, including the fair value of acquired
assets and liabilities assumed and the recognition of assets and
liabilities that have not been previously reported in the acquiree’s
financial statements, such as intangible assets.

The Committee reviewed the proposed disclosure which is now
included in the financial statements.

95


===== page 98 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Audit and Risk Committee report continued

Matter

Work undertaken

Viability statement and going concern

The appropriateness of preparing the Group financial statements
on a going concern basis, and whether the assessment undertaken
by management regarding the Group’s long-term viability
appropriately reflects the prospects of the Group and covers an
appropriate period of time.

The Committee considered whether management’s viability
statement assessment adequately reflected the Group’s key risks
as disclosed on pages 70 to 73, whether the period covered by
the statement was reasonable given the strategy of the Group, the
risk scenarios selected by management and the environment in
which the Group operates, along with the impact of the ECP
transaction.

Asa result of the assessment undertaken, the Committee was
satisfied with the approach taken for the viability assessment and
that the going concern basis of preparation is appropriate.

Climate-related financial disclosures

‘The Group is required to make certain disclosures in relation to
the TCFD recommendations and makes additional recommended
disclosures within the Annual Report on how the Group
integrates climate risks and opportunities into business and
investment decisions, and data on direct greenhouse gas
emissions.

The Committee reviewed the way in which the Group's ESG
strategy has been articulated within the Annual Report, including
TCFD disclosures.

The Committee concluded that it was satisfied with the
disclosures included.

2023 Annual Report

Under the Corporate Governance Code, the Board should
establish arrangements to ensure that the Annual Report presents
a fair, balanced and understandable assessment of the Group’s
position and prospects.

The Committee was provided with drafts of the Annual Report
and provided feedback on areas where further clarity or
information was required to provide a complete picture of the
Group’s performance.

The Committee members were also provided with the final draft
for review as part of the final sign-off.

96


===== page 99 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Risk management and internal controls

Details of the Group’s risk management process and the management and mitigation of key risks can be found on pages 70 to 73.

‘The Board, through the Committee, has carried out a review of the principal risks facing the Group and agreed with how they have been

represented within the Annual Report.

Areas of focus considered by the Committee in relation to risk management and internal controls, and the actions in respect of these

matters, are set out in the following table:

Matter

Work undertaken

Acquisition of ECP

The Committee received a number of papers which set out
the integration risks that management had identified in respect
of the transaction in relation to finance, tax, treasury, legal,
compliance and IT matters, along with progress updates on

the status of work ongoing.

A paper which summarised the Group’s pro forma exposure to
foreign exchange risk following the transaction and the mitigating
risk management techniques was also reviewed by the Committee.

Risk management framework

An update was provided to the Committee on revisions to the
Group’s enterprise risk management framework.

Compliance monitoring plan

‘The Committee received a paper which.set out details of the
Group's compliance monitoring plan. This had been
recommended as part of the internal audit review of this topic.

The paper provided derail of the geographic coverage of the plan,
the alignment with enterprise risk management, the systems and
tools used and the approach adopted to testing and reporting,

Cyber security risk

The Committee received a paper which updated it on the status
of the results of a cyber crisis management exercise which was
performed during the year, along with the proposed actions in
response to recommendations. The paper also provided details of
how cyber risks are monitored within the investment portfolio.

Data management and governance

The Commitee received papers from internal audit and
management during the year that summarised the progress of
data management and governance

‘The paper from internal audit benchmarked the Group against
the Deloitte Data and Control Framework and provided
recommendations to enhance and develop the data platform in
line with good practices.

In addition to providing an update and response to the
recommendations from internal audit, management's paper set
out the Group’s data strategy. This included detail of how
standards and frameworks, data collection, management, quality
control and self-service reporting were being developed across
different functional areas, and how newer technologies such as
GenAl and ChatGPT were being trialled and appraised.

97


===== page 100 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Audit and Risk Committee report continued

External and internal audit

External audit

Mazars LLP were appointed as the Group’s external auditor for the
financial year ended 31 December 2023. They have now served
for three years as appointed auditor.

The Committee’s responsibilities include making a
recommendation on the appointment, re-appointment and
removal of the external auditor and overseeing their effectiveness
and independence.

‘The Committee discussed and agreed the scope of the audit prior
to it commencing. This included a review of the:

audit scope and approach, including the entities that would be in
the scope of the audit for the consolidated financial statements;

timeline for the audit, including the audit of subsidiary companies;

external auditor's view of significant and enhanced risks of
misstatement in the financial statements;

materiality levels used to plan and perform audit cesting;

key audit matters and other judgement areas within the
financial statements; and

engagement terms, including the proposed audit fees.

‘The Committee subsequently reviewed reports from the external
auditor setting out the status of:

interim audit testing, including a review of technical accounting
matters and areas of estimates and judgements;

final audic testing, including conclusions in respect of the
adequacy of disclosures within the financial statements;

unadjusted misstatements that they had found in the course of
their work, which were immaterial; and

work performed over the Directors’ viability and going
concern statements.

In order to assess the quality and effectiveness of the external audit,
the Committee has reviewed the audit process and the quality and
experience of the audit team engaged in the audit, including the
extent to which they had demonstrated competence, objectivity
and professional scepticism. The Committee noted the receipt of
quality reports with derailed information on the scope and results
of their work, including challenges to management judgements

Non-audit services provided by the external auditor
Mazars LLP are primarily engaged to carry out statutory audit
work. There may be other services where the external auditor is
considered to be the most suitable supplier by reference to its skills
and experience. A policy is in place for the provision of non-audit
services by the external auditor, to ensure that the provision of
such services does not impair the external auditor’s independence
or objectivity, in accordance with the FRC’s Revised Ethical Standard.

98

Total fees for non-audie services amounted to £0.5 million, which
represents 36 per cent of the total fees for audit services for the
year ended 31 December 2023. Details of all fees charged by the
external auditor during the year are set out on page 152.

The Statutory Audit Services for Large Companies
Market Investigation (Mandatory Use of Competitive
Tender Processes and Audit Committee Responsibilities)
Order 2014 (the “Order”)

Mazars LLP were first appointed as statutory auditor of the
Company following a competitive tender process, and the
Company confirms its compliance with the Order. Any
recommendation by the Audit and Risk Committee in relation to
the (re-appointment of the statutory auditors will take account of
the statutory auditor's skills, éxperience and performance and the
value for money offered.

Internal audit

Deloitte LLP were appointed in 2022. They are accountable to the
Audit and Risk Committee and use a risk-based approach to
provide independent assurance over the adequacy and
effectiveness of the control environment.

Following their appointment, Deloitte developed an audit plan for
a three-year period, which envisaged approximately four audits

per year across the Group's various business units, and was subject
to review and challenge by the Committee before being approved.

Bach review evaluates the design and operational effectiveness of
the controls in place to address the risks identified.

During the year Deloitze completed the first of their annual plans
for the 2022-23 period, which included:

- credit investment governance;
= a review of data management and governance; and
~ areview of the Group’s compliance monitoring programme.

In addition, Deloitte commenced audits from their 2023-24 plan,
which included the completion of a review of ESG, cyber security
and private equity investment governance, and the
commencement of a review of the Group's risk management
framework and Luxembourg regulatory compliance, which have
not yet concluded.

Progress of management action plans is reported to the Committee
at each meeting.


===== page 101 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

ESG Committee
report

>

Carolyn McCall DBE
Chair of the ESG Committee

The ESG Committee was set up in March
2023 and I was very pleased to be asked to
take the Chair role, given the increased
attention and focus on ESG matters
industry-wide and as ECP joins the
Bridgepoint Group. I hope to bring my
experience of a variety of different
organisations to add value to what we are
already doing. In its first year, the
Committee has focused on developing an
understanding of Bridgepoint’s ESG and
DEIB activities and initiating a review of
Bridgepoint’s sustainability strategy.

Committee establishment

‘The Bridgepoint Group plc ESG Committee replaced a previous
executive level committee. The Committee’s purpose is to oversee
the implementation of the Group's ESG and DEIB policies, and
more generally help the Board to fulfil its oversight responsibilities
in relation to ESG matters. It also monitors sustainability
performance and risk indicators across the Group and the
investment portfolio. It aims to provide useful input and challenge
into the overall ambitions in respect of ESG and DEIB matters as
well as the management activities that support these ambitions.

The ESG Committee comprises two independent Non-Executive
Directors, being myself and Angeles Garcia-Poveda. Angeles is a
member of the advisory board of the Climate Governance
Initiative, a global initiative in collaboration with the World
Economic Forum, which aims to enable effective climate corporate
governance and mobilise boards to act. Her expertise and
involvement in the ESG Committee will help ensure that the
Board stays up to date on industry best performance.

The Committee is supported by Edward Woods, who is a longtime
partner at Bridgepoint with executive responsibility for ESG
matters and Emma Warford, a partner and co-head of the UK
private equity team who has overall responsibility for DEIB.

Work of the ESG Committee in 2023

In the Committee's inaugural year, its focus was on undertaking
a review of the ESG and DEIB activities of Bridgepoint,

and understanding how ESG and DEIB considerations are
integrated into decision making (both within the Group, and
within the portfolio). In addition, the Committee discussed the
ESG and DEIB priorities for the Group, the charitable giving
strategy as well as the Group's DEIB strategy (which you can
read more about in the People section of this Annual Report.)

Priorities for 2024

For 2024, our focus will continue to be on the ongoing application
of our responsible investment practices across the life-cycle of each
investment and on continuing to achieve a high level of ESG
performance at a Group level.

In relation to DEIB, in 2024 we will formalise an initiative focused
on senior female representation, with the ultimate aim of ensuring
we have female representation in key decision-making forums
across the Group. We will also complete a diversity census to
better understand the diversity profile of our organisation today.
We will use the results of this survey to conclude on the next steps
of our programme outside of gender. See people report on pages
34 and 35 for more information on our DEIB targets.

During 2024 we also intend to undertake a Bridgepoint materiality
assessment which will inform our strategy for subsequent years.

Finally, the closing of the ECP transaction will mean that
Bridgepoine will be able co leverage ECP’s expertise in energy
transition to the benefit of the Group's approach to sustainability.

Cres

Carolyn McCall DBE
Chair of the ESG Committee

> Find out more: bridgepoint.eu

99


===== page 102 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Remuneration
Committee report

>

Angeles Garcia-Poveda
Chair of the Remuneration Committee

As Chair of the Bridgepoint Remuneration
Committee, I am pleased to present on
behalf of the Remuneration Committee
the Directors’ Remuneration Report for
the year ended 31 December 2023.

Remuneration philosophy

‘At Bridgepoint, we firmly believe that our people are our greatest
asset. This is reflected in the way that we conduct our business and
also in how we value and reward our employees. We recruit
diverse and talented professionals who exhibit a passion for
performance and drive, we offer development opportunities to our
colleagues through hands-on learning and extensive training, and
we strive to foster a collaborative and inclusive environment.

Since Bridgepoint’s inception, our differentiated culture has always
been reflected in our incentive and remuneration structures which
recognise and reward performance whilst providing strong
alignment with the interests of our external stakeholders. Discretionary
bonus structures reflect individual and company performance and
are paid in addition to market competitive salaries and benefits.
Employee share ownership is a key part of Bridgepoint’s culture
and currently employees and former employees (as well as certain
related persons) hold over 50% of our issued share capital. Over
65% of our current permanent employees are shareholders.

Our Directors’ Remuneration Policy (the “Remuneration Policy”),
which was approved by shareholders at the 2022 AGM with over
99% support, aims to reflect our internal culcure of share
ownership, rewards for strong performance (a partnership ethos),
and alignment with our fand investors as well as our shareholders.
Ie reflects best practice within our regulatory framework.

Our Executive Directors have a simple remuneration structure
operated within the Remuneration Policy. In each case, their
remuneration structure has been adapted to take account of their
individual roles within Bridgepoint.

As a Committee, we are pleased to confirm that during 2023,
remuneration arrangements both for Executive Directors and the
wider workforce have continued to operate in line with the
Bridgepoint remuneration policy and philosophy.

100

Financial performance

Business performance in year ended 31 December 2023 has
been strong, with underlying EBITDA and underlying profit
before tax increasing by 7% and 12% to £149 million and
£134 million respectively, translating to underlying earnings
per share of 15 pence.

In 2023, Bridgepoint announced that ECP will be joining the
Bridgepoint platform as detailed earlier in the Report. This is a
significant step forward in delivering Bridgepoint’s stated strategy
of scaling through both product and geographical diversification.

Governance evolution
In September, the Company announced that Raoul Hughes would

become Chief Executive and a Director of the Company with
William Jackson continuing in his role as Chairman.

‘The remuneration payable to Raoul Hughes in relation to 2023 is
set out on page 103 of this report. When setting his remuneration
arrangements the Committee had regard to internal relativities, his
pay as Group Managing Partner and market benchmarks. His,
annual base salary was set at £850,000, but no bonus or grants
under the Restricted Share Plan (“RSP”) have been made in respect
of his time as Chief Executive in 2023. In 2024, he will be eligible
to receive an annual bonus, with a maximum bonus opportunity of
200% of salary and a restricted share award of 100% of salary.

Remuneration payable in respect of 2023

The base salary of the Group Chief Financial Officer and Chief
Operating Officer (“CFO”) remained unchanged from that set at
the time of the IPO. During the year, the CFO received his second
grant under the RSP which equated to 50% of his salary. This will
vest after three years subject to continued employment and
achievement of the underpin as set out in the Remuneration Policy.

When considering the annual bonus outcome for the CFO,
Bridgepoint uses a scorecard of measures that reflect the Group's
business strategy, and which align with the interests of our
stakeholders. In 2023, the annual bonus outcome was measured
against FRE, PRE and cash conversion as well as other strategic
performance and capital measures and ESG criteria.


===== page 103 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts.

Governance

Annual report on remuneration

Our CFO has performed well in relation to both the strategic and
financial objectives we set for the year, with FRE and PRE
delivering around the mid-point for the range of targets set by the
Committee and cash conversion delivering at stretch. The
announcement of the ECP transaction and our continued focus on
ESG has resulted in a bonus of approximately 35% of his salary
being earned in total. Further details of his performance against
financial and non-financial performance measures can be found on
pages 104 to 105.

The Committee reviewed the formulaic result and considered
whether any discretion should be applied to adjust the bonus
outcome. Based on the performance achieved against targets, the
experience of the stakeholders and wider assessment of
performance during the year, the Committee was comfortable that
the outcome was appropriate and should not be adjusted.

Approach to remuneration for 2024

A number of factors were considered including performance,

the increased size and complexity of the business following the
completion of the ECP transaction, the market environment, the
wider stakeholder context, and the position of Executive Director
remuneration relative to the market.

Base salary
The base salary of the Chairman, Chief Executive and CFO will
remain unchanged in 2024.

Variable pay

In line with the Remuneration Policy, the CFO will be eligible
to receive an annual bonus for 2024, with his maximum bonus
opportunity remaining at 50% of salary. The Chief Executive
will also be eligible to receive a bonus with a maximum bonus
opportunity of 200% of salary.

‘The Committee has reviewed the ongoing appropriateness and
balance of metrics used for the 2023 bonus award and determined
that both the Chief Executive and CFO should be aligned to the same
metrics focussing on FRE, PRE and cash conversion which provide
a view of underlying business performance to our stakeholders as
well as key strategic and ESG measures. The weighting of these
measures has been adjusted to reflect the priorities and drivers

of each role, with strategic measures including capital measures
and ESG having a weighting of 30% for the CFO and 40% for

the Chief Executive

An RSP award will be made to the Chief Executive and CFO
following the announcement of annual results. ‘The award will
be valued at 100% and 50% of salary respectively and will vest
after three years subject to continued employment and the
performance underpin.

‘The Committee has been closely monitoring recent share price and
market movements. We will keep this under review in the lead up
to the grant of shares under the RSP and will have discretion at the
time of vesting to adjust the outcomes if we feel that management
have benefited from factors outside of their control, creating a
windfall gain and meaning that the vesting of the award does not
reflect the performance achieved over the period.

William Jackson will not receive an RSP award or an annual bonus.

Remuneration arrangements elsewhere

in the Group

During 2023 we launched our latest employee engagement survey,
maintaining high levels of engagement with a participation rate of
over 80% and a strong overall engagement score. We continue to
monitor this survey which enables colleagues, on a confidential
basis, to provide feedback on a full range of employment issues,
including remuneration. An average salary increase of 4.6% was
approved for the wider workforce.

Conclusion

‘The Committee has satisfied itself that the remuneration outcomes
for 2023 are appropriate and that the Remuneration Policy has
operated as intended.

On behalf of the Committee thank you for reading this report and
we look forward to receiving your support at the AGM on 15 May
2024 in relation to the approval of the Directors’ Remuneration
Report for 2023.

[rape F Pook

Angeles Garcia-Poveda
Chair of the Remuneration Committee

> Find out more: bridgepoint.eu

101


===== page 104 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Governance

Annual report on remuneration continued

Remuneration at a glance
Executive remuneration framework and Policy summary

Single figure remuneration

William Jackson
Max

William Jackson
Actual

Adam Jones
Max

‘Adam Jones
Actual

0 £0.5m £1.0m £1.5m
HM Salary MM Benefits MJ Pension J Annual Bonus [J LTIPs(nil) [J Other (nil)

‘The above chart includes all those undertaking the role of Executive Director for the full year of 2023.

Component Operation under Maximum opportunity Outcomes for Operation
& purpose the Policy under the Policy 2023 in 2024
Base Salary Reviewed annually with any In considering increases, the ‘The Chairman and CFO's The salary of the Chairman,
To help recruit, reward and changes normally effective Committee assesses the _salary remained unchanged the Chief Executive and the
retain the calibre of talent from the beginning of the _increases applyingtothe during 2023. From CFO will remain unchanged.
required to deliver financial year. wider workforce as well as. appointment, the Chief
Bridgepoint's strategy. . local market leveis. Executive received a salary
of £850,000.

Benefits Benefits currently received The opportunity is sec at the There have been no changes Benefits to operate in line
To provide market competitive by Executive Directors cost of providing the to the Executive Directors’ _ with the Remuneration
benefits and to support che include life assurance, benefits described. benefit provision this year. Policy and align co those
health and wellbeing of private medical insurance available to UK colleagues.
Executive Directors and income protection.
Pension Accontribution to the Group A pension contribution rate The pension contribution _ Pension to operate in line
To provide market: Pension Plan or a cash in line with the rate rate is currently 10% of with the Remuneration
competitive retirement allowance in lieu of pension. applicable to the majority of salary up toa notional salary Policy and align to those
benefits. the workforce in the of £112,500. There have available to UK colleagues.

appropriate country. been no changes this year.
Annual Bonus The annual bonus is ‘The overall maximum The annual bonus payable to Annual bonus opportunity
To encourage the improved determined after the annual bonus opportunity the CFO was £176,675 of __ for the CFO remains
financial and non-financial year-end based on under the policy is 200% which £25,838 was deferred unchanged from 2023 at
performance of the business performance against cargets of salary under the cerms of the 50% of salary. The Chief
and to provide alignment during the year. Deferred Bonus Plan. The Executive will have a bonus
with shareholders through Chairman does not receive opportunity of 200% of salary.
the partial deferral of variable compensation, The

‘The Chairman will continue

payment into shares. Chief Executive received no
to not receive variable

annual bonus in relation to

his time in this role. compensation
Restricted Share Plan An annual award of The overall maximum ‘The annual award made to Annual award opportunity
Provides alignment of the __Bridgepoint shares which are annual award level is 100% the CFO was 50% of salary. for the CFO remains
Executive Directors to subject to performance of salary. ‘The Chairman does not unchanged from 2023. The
shareholders by increasing _ underpin. Shares normally receive variable Chief Executive will receive
share ownership and vest after 3 years and are compensation. The Chief a grant of 100% of salary
promoting long-term subject toa further 2 year Executive did not receive a 1. Ch aicman will continue
value creation. holding period granc in relation to his time

to not receive variable

in this role. -
compensation.

102


===== page 105 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Remuneration Policy

During 2023, we operated under the Directors’ Remuneration Policy approved at the AGM on 12 May 2022. The full Remuneration
Policy can be found on our corporate website bridgepoint.eu.

Audited information

Total remuneration payable for the year to 31 December 2023

The following table sets out the total remuneration for the Executive Directors and the Non-Executive Directors for the year ended

31 December 2023.

yearended Salary and Taxable Total Fixed Total Variable
All figures shown in £000 31 December fees Benefits* Pension’ Bonus RSP_Remuneration Remuneration Total
2023 800.0 8.6 99 = = 818.5 - 818.5
William Jackson 2022 860.0 68 98 = = 876.6 = 876.6
2023 212.5 17 25 - - 216.7 - 216.7
Raoul Hughes! 2022 nla nla n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a
2023 500.0 5.3 99 176.7 = 515.2 176.7 6919
Adam Jones 2022 500.0 3.0 98 124.9 = 512.8 124.9 637.7
2023 108.4 - = = = 108.4 = 108.4
Angeles Garcia-Poveda 2022 95.0 = = = - 95.0 = 95.0
2023 2210 = = = - 221.0 - 221.0
Archie Norman 2022 200.0 - - - = 200.0 = 200.0
2023 107.3 - - = = 107.3 - 107.3
Dame Carolyn McCall 2022 75.0 = - = - 75.0 = 75.0
2023 102.0 - - = = 102.0 - 102.0
Tim Score 2022 95.0 - - = = 95.0 = 95.0
2023 89.0 - - = = 89.0 = 89.0
Cyrus Taraporevala 2022 n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a

Notes to the table

1, Remuneration is shown from the date of appointment as a Director.
2. Executive Directors receive family private medical insurance, life assurance and income protection. William Jackson and Raoul Hughes also participate in a legacy

spouses pension arrangement.

3, Executive Directors have elected to receive a cash allowance in lieu of pension. No Executive Director panicipates in a defined benefit pension arrangement.

Annual bonus plan

Raoul Hughes received a bonus in relation to his performance in 2023 prior to becoming Chief Executive in line with, normal practice.

He received no bonus in relation to his time as Chief Executive during 2023.

Details of the 2023 bonus calculation for Adam Jones are set out on pages 104 to 105.

Restricted Share Plan (“RSP”) vesting during the year

‘There are no awards under the RSP which vested during the year or are due to vest based on performance to 31 December 2023.

103


===== page 106 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts, a Governance

Annual report on remuneration continued

Awards in respect of annual performance -

‘Threshold (20% Intermediate Stretch (100%
Measure % Weighting vesting) _ (50% vesting) vesting) Achievement Outcome as a % of max
Underlying FRE 45% £80.0m £94.0m __£106.0m £95.0m 24.4%
PRE 10% £40.0m £60.0m £75.0m £55.3m. 4.3%
Cash Conversion 15% 50% 70% 95% 124% 15.0%
See tables below for a detailed summary
Employee Engagement, Diversity & ESG 15% __ of performance achieved against objectives 90% of max 13.5%
set by the Committee for the performance” —=—=S=S~S*~S~<S
Business Strategy 15% period. 90% of max 13.5%
Total Outcome 70.7%
‘Amount payable £176,675

The annual bonus payable to the CFO is £176,675 of which £25,838 will be deferred under the terms of the Deferred Bonus Plan.

The Committee determines the annual bonus award for the CFO using a balanced scorecard. At the beginning of 2023, measures that
were 70% financial and 30% non-financial were selected, aligned to the Group’s KPIs and APMs, see pages 50 to 53 for further details.

The Board has reviewed the commercial sensitivity of capital raised targets in respect of 2022. Upon review the Board remains of the
view that these targets remain commercially sensitive given the business’ current strategy.

Underlying FRE - Bridgepoint generated management fees of £265 million in 2023, a 10% increase from 2022. This was driven by a
11% increase in fee paying AUM benefiting from further fundraising in BE VII, the launch of two new CLOs and deployment in the
direct lending and credit opportunities funds. Combined with careful cost control, Bridgepoint was able to deliver a 28% increase in
underlying FRE to £95m, ahead of market expectations.

PRE - Bridgepoint delivered PRE of £55 million for the full year following a step up in activity in H2 (2022: £65 million), with the latest
vintage of fully invested funds in private equity ahead of plan whilst deployment activity was also strong with BE VII now 31% of
primary capital deployed based on the target fund size and BDC TV 79% of primary capital deployed.

Cash Conversion - The normal cycle for cash flow from operations includes periodic invoicing and receipt of management fees and
monthly payment of personnel related costs and operating expenses as they fall due, with variable compensation typically paid annually.
As such, FRE should largely convert to cash over the financial year. In 2023, excluding exceptional costs relating to the ECP transaction
and the receipt of deferred proceeds from the sale of Bridgepoint’s stake in the BC II fund, the Group achieved a cash conversion ratio of
124%, inchading the receipt of certain receivables relating to 2022 in 2023.

Non-financial objectives

Developing and engaging with the Group’s workforce through ESG, diversity and employee engagement initiatives:
ESG - A new Bridgepoint Group plc ESG Committee, comprising Non-Executive Directors Carolyn McCall (Chair) and Angeles
Garcia- Poveda, was set up in early 2023, replacing a previous executive committee. The Committee's purpose is to oversee the
implementation of the Group's ESG and DEIB policies, and assist the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities in relation to ESG
matters. It also monitors sustainability performance and risk indicators across the Group and the investment portfolio. During the year,
the Sustainability team continued to progress with supporting the investment teams to incorporate climate risk into due diligence
processes and support portfolio companies in addressing ESG matters.

104


===== page 107 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts. . Governance

Diversity - In 2023 Bridgepoint has maintained its focus on gender diversity, raising its targets for investment and non-investment
teams. In addition, the Group has agreed its first sustainability linked loan facility with margins related to improving performance in
gender diversity and implementation of emissions reduction strategies.

Employee Engagement - During 2023 we launched our latest employee engagement survey, maintaining high levels of engagement
with a participation rate of over 80% and a strong overall engagement score. Management have enhanced internal communications over
the course of the year and along with the continued development of other engagement forums such as our Town Hall meetings, we have
been well placed to ensure that we receive regular employee feedback to inform decisions at Board level and guide our efforts to retain
and attract top talent.

The Committee weighted these objectives equally and assessed that the CFO's performance in advancing these three core objectives
warranted a 90% of maximum score.

Support the growth and development of the business through strategic and operational initiatives:

Operational Initiatives - Throughout 2023 Bridgepoint has maintained its focus on building out post IPO operational capabilities. A
number of systems projects across the specialist functions have been completed to timescale and budget which are delivering an
improved platform for investor information and real time access to our fund and portfolio performance information, enhancing our
investor communications.

Business Development - As noted previously during 2023 Bridgepoint announced that ECP will be joining the Bridgepoint platform.
Once completed, the addition of ECP to the Group represents a major step forward in implementing the strategy set out at IPO of scaling
through product and geographical diversification.

The Committee assessed that the CFO’s performance in relation to advancing these operational initiatives and business development
warranted a 90% of maximum score.

Combining the financial and non-financial results gives a total bonus outcome of 70.7% of maximum bonus opportunity for the CFO.
‘The Committee has determined thar the balanced scorecard outcome appropriately reflects the financial and strategic performance delivered.

Incentive awards granted during the year
The following table provides details of the incentive awards granted during the year ended 31 December 2023:

Director Award Award Date Vesting Date Face Value at Grant_Number of Shares Awarded
Adam Jones Restricted Share Plan_ 31 Mar 2023 31 Mar 2026 £250,000 114,953

‘The Company closely monitored the share price in advance of granting this incentive award and will have discretion at the time of
vesting to adjust the outcomes if it is felt that management have benefited from factors outside of their control and that vesting of the
award does not reflect performance achieved over the period.

‘Awards under the Restricted Share Plan will vest subject to the achievement of suitable financial and non-financial performance against
the performance underpin as detailed in the Directors’ Remuneration Policy.

‘The Company's share plans comply with the Investment Association guidance on dilution limits and awards issued will not exceed a
limit of 5% in any ten years under all executive share plans and 10% in any ten years under all share plans.

Payments to former Directors and for loss of office
No payments were made to former Directors of the Company ot in relation to loss of office during the year.

105


===== page 108 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Governance

Annual report on remuneration continued

Directors’ interests
The interests of the Directors and their connected persons in the shares in the Company as at 31 December 2023 are set out below.

Unvested shares Shareholding
Shares held outright at Vested shares subjectto subject toholding —_—_requirement (% of
Director 31 December 2023 holding period period salary) Requirement met’
William Jackson? 822,856 10,630,980 5,488,194 300% Yes
Raoul Hughes* 400,000 10,630,982 4,708,193 300% Yes
Adam Jones* 189,143 4,133,851 300% Yes
Angeles Garcia-Poveda 94,286
Dame Carolyn McCall 75,714
Archie Norman 275,000
Tim Score 75,714
Cyrus Taraporevala 100,000

1. Based on closing share price on 31 December 2023 of £2.79 per share.
2, Including shares held by connected persons, but excluding shares held by Burgundy Investments Holdings LP

‘Adam Jones vested 2,648,775 shares on 31 January 2024 which remain subject to a holding period. Otherwise, between 31 December
2023 and 20 March 2024, being the latest practicable date before publication of this Annual Report, there have been no changes in the
Directors’ interest in shares, or those of their connected persons. Raoul Hughes, William Jackson and Adam Jones acquired shares under
legacy share purchase arrangements in June 2021 which will normally have to be sold for nominal consideration if they leave
employment prior to various dates that end in July 2026.

During employment, Executive Directors are required to build and maintain a shareholding equivalent to 300% of their base salary.
The shareholdings of the Chief Executive, Chairman and CFO exceed this requirement significantly. Post-cessation of employment,
Executive Directors must retain shares to the value of 300% of salary (or the number of shares held at cessation if lower than 300%) for a
period of two years in accordance with the Remuneration Policy.

Performance graph and table

Bridgepoint Group ple shares began unconditional trading on the London Stock Exchange’s main market on 26 July 2021. The chart
below shows the Total Shareholder Return performance of £100 invested in Bridgepoint from 26 July 2021 to 31 December 2023
against the FTSE 250 index. The FTSE 250 index is considered an appropriate comparison as Bridgepoint is a constituent of the index.

23 July 31 December 31 December 31 December
2021 2021 2022 2023
— Bridgepoint — FTSE 250 .
12022 i *2023 2023
Lead Executive single figure total remuneration (£0003) 876.6 | 818.5 216.7]
Bonus as a % of maximum opportunity N/A | N/A N/A}
Long-term incentive vesting (as % of maximum opportunity) N/A | N/A N/A}

Figures reflect remuneration to 31 December 2023. No long-term incentives have been granted or bonuses awarded to the Chairman
under the Directors’ Remuneration Policy to date.

* William Jackson “* Raoul Hughes

106


===== page 109 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Governance

Percentage change in remuneration of Directors

‘The table below shows the percentage change in each Director's salary/fees, taxable benefits and annual bonus between 2022 and 2023
compared with the average percentage change in each of those components of pay for the employees of Bridgepoint as a whole. The
information in this table will build up to show a five-year history as required under the reporting regulations.

2022/2023
5% Change Salaries/fees Taxable Benefits Short-Term Incentives
Raoul Hughes N/A” N/A N/A
William Jackson -7.0% 26.9% N/A
Adam Jones 0.0% 74.0% 41.5%
Archie Norman, 10.5% N/A N/A
Angeles Garcia-Poveda 14.1% N/A N/A
Dame Carolyn McCall 43.1% N/A N/A
Tim Score 74% N/A N/A
Cyrus Taraporevala N/A N/A N/A
Allemployees 4.6% 16.3% 15%

‘The year-on-year increase in fees for the NEDs reflects various movements in roles in addition to underlying fee rate changes. Further
details on fees paid to NEDs can be found on page 109. Significant increases in taxable benefits are due to changes in coverage levels and
premiums for medical insurance, whilst movements in short-term incentives are reflective of demographic and performance changes.

Chief Executive pay ratio

UK regulations require companies with more than 250 UK employees to publish the ratio of the Chief Executive versus that of the
Group's UK employees. Whilst Bridgepoint does not yet have more than 250 employees in the UK, we have elected to calculate this
ratio. In the calculation, we have used Option A because this is the most statistically accurate approach.

Financial year Method Lower Quartile Median Upper Quartile
2023 A 8:1 4:1 21
2022 A 81 51 3:
‘The pay for the Chairman/Chief Executive and the employees at the requisite percentiles are set out below:
‘Chairman/Chief

Figures shown in £000s Executive Lower Quartile Median __ Upper Quartile
Base salary 8125 688 95.0 165.8
Total pa 822.4 103.4 1883 3618

The Chairman/Chief Executive pay figures were calculated by reference to William Jackson until 1 October 2023 and Raoul Hughes
thereafter. The employee pay figures were calculated by reference to the year to 31 December 2023, which is consistent with the period
used for the Single Total Figure of Remuneration for the Directors. The total pay and taxable benefits were determined for all UK
permanent and fixed term employees as at 31 December 2023. No components have been omitted in calculating toral pay and taxable
benefits on a single total figure of remuneration (STFR) basis. Necessary adjustments were made in determining full time pay and
benefits so that salaries, cash bonuses, share awards, taxable benefits and pensions were annualised for employees who have not been
with the Company for the full financial year or grossed up on a full-time equivalent basis for employees who work on a part time basis.

‘The Committee is comfortable that the pay ratio shown above is consistent with our pay, reward and progression policies for the
Company's UK employees as a whole

Relative importance of the spend on pay

‘The table below shows the Company's expendirure on employee pay compared to distributions to shareholders in the year ended
31 December 2022 and 2023.

2022 2023

£m £m % Change

Distributions to shareholders 62.8 128.2 104%
Aggregate personnel expenses 126.9 132.5 4%

107


===== page 110 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts . Governance

Implementation of policy in 2024

Executive Director remuneration

Base salary
Base salary levels will be as follows:

- Chairman: £800,000
- Chief Executive £850,000
- Chief Financial Officer: £500,000

Pension and benefits

Executive Directors are eligible to participate in benefirs in line with all other UK employees. They will receive a pension contribution of
10% of salary (up to a salary cap of £112,500) in line with the rate applying to the rest of the UK employees. Other benefits include
family private health cover, life assurance and group income protection. William Jackson and Raoul Hughes also participate in the group
spouses pension scheme which is a legacy benefit provided to other employees of similar tenure.

Annual bonus plan

‘Adam Jones, the Chief Financial Officer, and Raoul Hughes, the Chief Executive, will be eligible to participate in the annual bonus plan
for 2024. The Chairman will not receive a bonus. The maximum bonus opportunity for Adam Jones will be 50% of salary and for Raoul
Hughes ic will be 200% of salary.

Performance will be based‘on a mix of financial and non-financial metrics, weighted at 70% and 30% of the bonus opportunity
respectively for the CFO and 60% and 40% respectively for the Chief Executive. These metrics take account of the key business
priorities focussing on FRE, PRE and a cash measure. Part of the variable pay will be based on strategic and operational metrics
including ESG measures.

‘The Committee considers the prospective disclosure of target ranges to be commercially sensitive, but there will be retrospective
disclosure in next year’s Annual Report. The Remuneration Committee has the discretion to adjust the formulaic annual bonus outcome
ot waive specific metrics and replace them in determining the annual outcome if it believes that pursuing such metrics would not be in
the best interests of the business based on the prevailing circumstances during the year.

50% of any bonus earned in excess of 25% of salary will be deferred into shares under the Deferred Bonus Plan. Deferred bonus shares
will vest after three years subject to continued employment.

Malus and clawback provisions apply in line with the Remuneration Policy, available on our corporate website Bridgepoint.eu.

108


===== page 111 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Restricted share awards

A restricted share award will be made to Adam Jones and Raoul Hughes following the announcement of the annual results. The award
will be valued at 50% of salary for Adam Jones and 100% of salary for Raoul Hughes and will vest after three years subject to continued

employment and the underpin contained in the Remuneration Policy.

William Jackson will not be eligible to receive a restricted share award.

Non-Executive Director remuneration
A summary of the Non-Executive Directors’ fees is shown below:

Non-Executive Director 2023 Fee [2024 Fee|
Senior Independent Director's fee £125,000 | £125,000
Non-Executive Director base fee £75,000 | £75,000{
Audit and Risk Committee Chair’s fee £20,000 £20,000 |
ESG Committee Chair’s fee £20,000 £20,000
Remuneration Committee Chait’s fee £20,000 £20,000
Committee membership fee £7,000 £7,000
Directors’ service contracts and letters of appointment

Notice from the,
Name Date of appointment __Date of current contract_ Notice from Company individual
William Jackson 25 June 2021 __5 September 2023 12 months 12 months
Raoul Hughes 1 October 2023 _5 September 2023 12 months 12 months
Adam Jones 25 June 2021 21 June 2021 12 months 12 months
Angeles Garcia-Poveda 25 June 2021 21 June 2021 3 months 3 months
Dame Carolyn McCall 12 July 2021 22 June 2021 3 months 3 months
Archie Norman 25 June 2021 21 June 2021 3 months 3 months
Tim Score 25 June 2021 21 June 2021 3 months 3 months
Cyrus Taraporevala 1 January 2023 23 November 2022 3 months 3 months

Further details regarding the above can be found in the Directors’ Remuneration Policy.

109


===== page 112 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Governance

Governance of remuneration

Roles and responsibility

The role of the Remuneration Committee is to determine and establish a remuneration policy for the Executive Directors and Executive
Committee and to oversee the remuneration packages for those individuals (including all material risk takers). When determining
remuneration arrangements, the Committee must review remuneration across the whole Group and the alignment of incentives and
rewards with culture and take these into account when determining remuneration of the Executive Directors and Executive Committee.
Further details on the roles and responsibilities of the Committee are disclosed in the Terms of Reference which can be found on the
Company's corporate website bridgepointeu.

The Remuneration Committee is responsible for:

~ determining and developing the remuneration policy which applies to the Chairman of the Board, other Executive Directors, members
of senior management, and any other employee of the Group who the Committee is required by regulations to oversee;

~ determining the individual remuneration packages of the Directors and relevant senior employees within the terms of the agreed
Remuneration Policy;

= monitoring the remuneration structures and overall levels of remuneration of the Group’s senior management and making
recommendations to the Board where appropriate;

~ overseeing the remuneration of the wider Bridgepoint team and ensuring that our policy for the senior team is consistently structured; and

~ overseeing the operation of the Group’s employee share schemes,

Remuneration Committee members and meetings

During 2023 the Committee comprised of the three independent Non-Executive Directors listed below. The Remuneration Committee
Chair, Angeles Garcia-Poveda, has nine years’ experience chairing other remuneration committees. The Committee will meet at least
three times a year.

‘The membership of the Committee changed in January 2023 when Cyrus Taraporevala joined the Commitee. Dame Carolyn McCall
stood down from the Committee from 1 January 2023.

Committee Chair Angeles Garcia-Poveda
Committee member Archie Norman
Committee member Cyrus Taraporevala

110


===== page 113 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Governance

Key activities during the year

During the year, the Committee has carried out the following activities:

~ set the KPls for the Executive Directors;

- determined Executive Director awards and reviewed awards payable to all material risk takers and control staff;

= reviewed annual bonus metrics ahead of 2024 to ensure they appropriately align with business strategy and promote the correct behaviours;
~ received and debated briefings on the operation of remuneration arrangements throughout the Group; and

~ planned the cycle of work for 2024. :

In addition, the members of the Committee held a number of meetings with key members of the firm as well as office visits.

The Policy has been designed to encourage long-term, sustainable growth and provide Executive Directors with competitive overall
remuneration for the achievement of stretching performance targets aligned co delivering the business strategy.

The Policy has been tested against the six factors listed in Provision 40 of the Corporate Governance Code:
~ Clarity: the policy is as clear as possible and full details are described in straightforward concise terms to shareholders and the workforce.

~ Simplicity: remuneration structures are as simple as possible and are market typical, whilst at the same time incorporating the
necessary structural features to ensure a strong alignment to performance and strategy and minimising the risk of rewarding failure.

~ Risk: the remuneration policy has been shaped to discourage inappropriate risk taking.

~ Predictability: elements of the policy are subject to caps and dilution limits. The Remuneration Committee may exercise its discretion
to adjust Directors’ remuneration if a formula-driven incentive pay-out is inappropriate in the circumstances.

= Proportionality: there is a sensible balance between fixed pay and variable pay, and incentive pay is weighted to sustainable long-
term performance. Incentive plans are subject to performance conditions that consider both financial and non-financial performance
linked to strategy, and outcomes will not reward poor performance.

~ Alignment to culture: the Remuneration Committee will consider company culture and wider workforce policies when shaping and
developing Executive Director remuneration policies to ensure that there is coherence across the organisation. There will be a strong
emphasis on the fairness of remuneration outcomes across the workforce.

Effectiveness

‘The operations of the Committee were reviewed as part of an externally facilitated Board evaluation with The Effective Board LLP
during 2023; the Committee was found to be operating effectively. For more details of this exercise, please see page 91.

External advisers

The Remuneration Committee receives independent advice from Korn Ferry, Executive Pay & Governance division, who were
appointed pre-IPO in 2021 following a tender process. Korn Ferry is a signatory to the Remuneration Consultants’ Code of Conduct and
has confirmed to the Committee that it adheres in all respects to the terms of the code. The fees for the advice provided during 2023
were £68,210. Other than Remuneration Consultancy, Korn Ferry provided no other advice or services to the Company during the year.

Total votes cast

(excluding
Resolution Votes for % Votes against % withheld votes) __Votes withheld
Directors’ Remuneration Report for 2022 (2023 AGM) 658,932,317 100% 29,412 0.00% 658,961,729 129,191,512
Directors’ Remuneration Policy (2022 AGM) 747,619,996 99.74% 1,975,439 0.26% 749,595,435 59,712,930

m1


===== page 114 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Directors’ report and additional disclosures

The Directors present their report for the year ended 31 December 2023.

The Directors’ report comprises this report and the entire Governance section.

In accordance with the FCA’s Listing Rules, the information to be included in the
2023 Annual Report, where applicable, under LR 9.8.4, is set out in this Directors’
report. Particular information that is relevant to this report, and which is incorporated

by reference, can be located as follows:

Information Section in Annual Report Page numbers
Likely future developments of the business of the Group Strategic Report 22-29
Stakeholder engagement (including employee engagement) Strategic Report 36-41 ,
Dividends Strategic Report 9

Carbon and greenhouse gas emissions Strategic Report 74-80

Risk management Strategic Report 68-73

Board of Directors Governance 82-85
Corporate governance report Governance 87-90
Financial instruments - risk management objectives and policies Financial Statements 172-177
‘Acquisitions of own shares Financial Statements 181

Events after the reporting period Financial Statements

‘The Directors’ report, together with the Strategic Report on pages
2 to 81, represent the management report for the purposes of
compliance with Rule 4.1 of the FCA’s Disclosure Guidance and
‘Transparency Rules.

Directors’ liability insurance and indemnity
‘The Company has purchased and maintains Directors’ and
Officers’ insurance cover against certain legal liabilities and costs
for claims in connection with any act or omission by such
Directors and officers in the execution of their duties.

‘The Company has also indemnified each Director to the extent
permitted by law against any liability incurred in relation to acts or
omissions arising in the ordinary course of their duties. The
indemnity arrangements are qualifying third-party indemnity
provisions under section 234 of the Companies Act 2006. All
such indemnities were in force during 2023, other than that for
Raoul Hughes, which took effect upon his appointment.

112

193

Political donations

Ic is not the policy of the Company to make political donations
as contemplated by the Companies Act 2006 and, during 2023,
no donations were made to political parties or organisations, or
independent election candidates, and no political expenditure
was incurred.

DEIB

Iv’s our ambition to better reflect the communities in which we
operate by creating an environment where the best have an
opportunity to thrive, regardless of background. Our approach to
DEIB is about our diversity of thought and collective intelligence
and the impact they can bring on the quality of our decision-
making, outcomes and performance. It is not about tokenism or
ticking boxes.

We recognise that we still have a way to go but we're proud of what
we've achieved so far. We have a balanced team when it comes to
gender, with women representing close to half our collective
workforce and occupying half of the leadership roles in our specialist
teams. On the investment side, we've effected real change with
25% of our investment professionals now being women, a marked
development since 2016 when that figure was closer to 5%.

> Further details on our DEIB strategy are included in the people
section of the Strategic Report on pages 34 and 35.


===== page 115 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

‘The Group treats applicants and employees with disabilities fairly
and provides facilities, equipment and training to assist disabled
employees to do their jobs. Arrangements are made as necessary
to provide support to job applicants who happen to be disabled.
Should an employee become disabled during their employment,
efforts are made to retain them in their current employment or
to explore the opportunities for their retraining or redeployment
within the Group.

Numerical diversity data as at 31 December 2023

Financial support is also provided by the Group to support
disabled employees who are unable to work, as appropriate
to local market conditions.

The Group has clear grievance and disciplinary procedures
in place, and also has an employee assistance programme which
provides a confidential, free and independent counselling service
and is available to employees in a number of locations.

Gender identity and ethnicity diversity data in accordance with Listing Rule 9.8.6R(10) is set out below:

Number of senior positions Numberin Percentage of

Number of Percentage of onthe Board(CEO,CFO, executive executive

Gender identity Board members __ the Board SiDandChair) management management
Men 6 75% 4 11 91.7%
Women 2 25% ie} 1 8.3%
Not specified/prefer not to say = = = = =
Number of senior positions Number Percentage

Number of Percentage of onthe Board (CEO, CFO, —_inexecutive of executive

Ethnic background Board members __the Board SiDand Chair) management management
White British or other White (including minority-White groups) 7 87.5% 4 st 92%
Mixed/Multiple Ethnic Groups - - - - -
Asian/Asian British 1 12.5% ie} - -
Black/A frican/Caribbean/Black British = = - - =
Other ethnic group, including Arab = = = = =
Not specified/prefer not to say - = = 1 8%
Following the appointment of Cyrus Taraporevala to the Board, Number of Percentage of
the Company has satisfied the Parker Review target and the target _ Shareholder ordinary shares _roral voting rights

set by Listing Rule 9.8.6(9)(a)(iii). However, there are only two
women on the Board out of eight directors, which does not meet
the target set by Listing Rule 9.8.6(9)(a)(i). The Company is in
active discussions to appoint a further female Director. The
positions of Chair, Chief Executive, Senior Independent Director
and CFO are all currently filled by men, which does not meet the
target set by Listing Rule 9.8.6(9)(a)(i), but following any vacancy
the need for appropriate diversity would be taken into account.

Share capital

As at 20 March 2024, the issued share capital was 793,733,543
ordinary shares of £0.00005 each, 500 deferred shares of £81
each, 1 deferred share of £1, and 1 deferred share of £0.01.

Significant shareholdings

As at 31 December 2023, the Company had been notified
pursuant to DTR 5 or otherwise was aware at the time of the IPO
of the following interests representing 3% or more of the voting
rights of the Company's ordinary shares:

Blue Owl GP Stakes IV (C) LP
(formerly Dyal Capital Partners IV

(CLP) 124,531,939 15.69%
Burgundy Investments Holdings LP__78,424,917 9.88%
T-Rowe Price Associates, Inc. 45,130,992 5.69%
‘The Capital Group Companies, Inc. 41,939,868 5.28%

Between 31 December 2023 and 20 March 2024, being the latest
practicable date before the publication of this Annual Report, the
Company received no further notifications under DTR 5.

Rights and restrictions attaching to

ordinary shares

Holders of ordinary shares are entitled to attend, speak and vote
at general meetings and to appoint proxies and, in the case

of corporations, corporate representatives are entitled to attend,
speak and vote at such meetings on their behalf.

To attend and vote at a general meeting a shareholder must be
entered on the register of members at such time (not being earlier
than 48 hours before the meeting) as stated in the notice of general
meeting, All resolutions at a general meeting are voted on by poll,
with holders of ordinary shares having one vote for each share held.

113


===== page 116 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Directors’ report and additional disclosures continued

Where a shareholder has been duly served notice under section
793 of the Companies Act 2006 (which confers upon public
companies the right to require information with respect to interests
in their voting shares) and the shareholder is in default of the
notice for a period of 14 days, unless the Directors determine
otherwise the shareholder (and any transferee) will not be entitled
to attend or vote at a general meeting. Where the relevant shares
represent 0.25% or more of the issued ordinary shares, the
Directors may direct that no transfer of shares that are the subject
of the default be registered until the default is remedied, provided
that where the shares are in uncertificated form, the Directors may
only exercise their discretion not to register a transfer if permitted
to do so by applicable legislation.

Ordinary shares have attached to them full dividend and capital
distribution (including on winding up) rights, but do not confer
any rights of redemption.

Holders of deferred shares shall not be entitled to vote or receive
any notice convening a general meeting of the Company, and shall
not be entitled to receive any dividends or other distributions ot to
participate in any return of capital (other than to receive the
nominal value of such shares in a liquidation after all other shares
have received £1 million per share). They do not confer any rights
of redemption.

All issued share capital of the Company at the date of this Annual
Report is fully paid.

‘The Articles of the Company do not contain any restrictions on
the transfer of shares in the capital of the Company, other than an
ability of the Directors to refuse to register a transfer:

- of shares that are not fully paid;

in respect of more than one class of shares;

which is not accompanied by the relevant share certificate (or,
where requested, other evidence of right to transfer is not
provided);

which is not duly stamped in circumstances where a duly
stamped instrument is required (or where requested, evidence
that the transfer is not subject to stamp duty is not provided);

of shares over which the Company has a lien; or

in favour of more than four persons jointly.

Certain restrictions may from time to time be imposed by laws and
regulations (for example, insider trading laws and the UK Takeover
Code) and requirements of the Company's share dealing code
whereby the Directors and employees of the Group require prior
clearance to deal in the Company's securities.

114

In the event the Company is deemed to be an investment
company as defined in the Investment Company Act or the
Company's assets may be considered “plan assets” within the
meaning of the US Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974 (as amended), the Directors may restrict ownership in the
Company by: (i) “U.S. persons” (as defined in Regulation S under
the U.S. Securities Act) that are not a “qualified purchaser” (as
defined under the Investment Company Act); or (ii) a person that
isa benefit plan investor (including directly or through or as a
nominee). In such circumstances, the Articles give the Directors
the power to require a transfer of shares by ineligible persons.

Pursuant to a reorganisation agreement entered into by, among
others, Burgundy Ai Nominees Limited, Burgundy A2 Nominees
Limited, Burgundy A3 Nominees Limited, Burgundy A4
Nominees Limited, Burgundy AS Nominees Limited, Burgundy
B1 Nominees Limited, Burgundy B2 Nominees Limited, Burgundy
C Nominees Limited (the foregoing being the “Nominee
Companies”), the Company and various pre-IPO shareholders
(being current or former employees of the Group or certain related
persons of such persons) (the “Management Shareholders”), the
Nominee Companies hold shares in the Company on behalf of the
Management Shareholders. Pursuant to the terms of the
agreement, the Management Shareholders are subject to
restrictions on their ability to dispose of their underlying shares for
a period of up to five years from the IPO.

As at 31 December 2023, below is the schedule for the remaining
Feleases of shares from the IPO lock-up restrictions:

Date Shares released from lock-up
July 2024 81,329,463
July 2025 81,329,463
July 2026 186,891,591

Pursuant to the Company's Long-Term Incentive Plan and the
relevant terms of grant, Company shares granted to Executive
Directors on vesting of existing awards are subject to a holding
period of two years.

Save as described above and within this Directors’ report, the
Company is not aware of any agreements between holders of its
securities that may restrict the transfer of shares or exercise of
voting rights.

Authority to purchase own shares

At the annual general meeting held on 18 May 2023, shareholders
passed a special resolution to authorise the Company, subject to
certain conditions, to purchase on the market a maximum of
81,999,850 ordinary shares, representing approximately 10%

of the Company's issued ordinary share capital. As at 20 March
2024, 19,439,178 shares have been purchased under this
authority, and the authority will expire at the conclusion of the
2024 AGM or, if earlier, at the close of business on 31 July 2024.
The Directors are seeking the renewal of this authority at the
2024 AGM.


===== page 117 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Employee benefit trust

The Company has established an employee benefit trust (“EBT”)
to hold and acquire shares for the potential benefit of employees.
Pursuant to the terms of the EBT, the trustee is required to refrain
from exercising any voting rights attached to shares held by it,
unless the Company directs otherwise.

Dividend waiver

A dividend waiver is in place from the trustee of the EBT in
respect of all dividends payable by the Company on shares which
it holds in trust.

Powers of Directors and Director appointments

‘The Directors manage the business and affairs of the Company
and may exercise all powers of the Company other than those that
are required by applicable legislation or by the Articles to be
exercised by the Company in general meeting.

‘The appointment and replacement of Directors is governed by the
Company’s Articles, the Companies Act 2006 and other applicable
legislation. The Directors may appoint any person to be a Director
so long as the total number of Directors does not exceed the limit
prescribed in the Articles (the maximum number of Directors
under the Articles is 20, save that the Company may vary this
maximum from time to time by ordinary resolution).

The Articles provide that the Company may, by ordinary
resolution at a general meeting, appoint any person to act as

a Director, provided that such person is recommended by the
Directors, or the Company has received from the person
confirmation in writing, no later than seven days before the
relevant general meeting, of that person’s willingness to be elected
as a,Director.

‘The Company may, by ordinary resolution (of which special notice
has been given), remove any Director from office. The Articles
also set out the circumstances in which a person shall cease

to be a Director.

The Articles require that at each annual general meeting each
person who is then a Director shall retire from office. A Director
who retires at an annual general meeting shall be eligible for
re-election by shareholders.

‘The Board considers all Directors to be effective and committed

to their roles, and to have sufficient time to perform their duties.

All Directors are required to seek the prior approval of the Board
before taking on any significant external appointments.

Articles

The Articles may only be amended by special resolution at a
general meeting of shareholders.

Change of control

‘There are no significant agreements to which the Group is a party
that take effect, alter or terminate upon a change of control of the
Group, other than the following:

~ the governing documents of various Bridgepoint funds
(including the flagship Bridgepoint Europe funds) include
change of control provisions triggered by Bridgepoint
personnel/former personnel (and their related parties) ceasing to
control certain Group members. In such circumstances, there is a
consultation process, and following the change of control
investors holding a majority of the commitments in the fund
may suspend the investment period, prohibiting the drawdown
of commitments. If such suspension is not lifted within a
6-12 month period (varying by fund), the investment period will
be permanently terminated;

the revolving facilities agreements entered into by the Group
include change of control provisions whereby on a change of
control each lender shall be entitled to issue a prepayment notice
requiring prepayment by the Company to such lender of any
amounts payable under such agreements and the cancellation of
any undrawn commitments provided by such lender;

awards under the Group's Deferred Annual Bonus Plan
generally vest in full (co the extent not already vested) on a
change of control of the Company; and

awards under the Group’s Long-Term Incentive Plan and All
Employee Share Plan generally vest upon a change of control,
subject to the extent to which the performance conditions have
been satisfied at the time and time pro-rating unless and to the
extent that the Remuneration Committee disapplies or reduces
time pro-rating.

‘There are no agreements between the Group and its Directors or
employees providing for compensation for loss of office or
employment that occurs because of a takeover bid, apart from the
usual provisions for payment in lieu of notice.

By order of the Board:
David Plant
Group Company Secretary

Bridgepoint Group ple
Company number: 11443992

115


===== page 118 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities

‘The Directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report
and the financial statements in accordance with applicable law
and regulations.

Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial
statements for each financial year. Under that law, the Directors
have prepared the Group and Company financial statements in
accordance with international accounting standards in conformity
with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Additionally, the FCA’s Disclosure Guidance and Transparency
Rules require the Directors to prepare the Group financial
statements in accordance with international financial reporting
standards adopted in the United Kingdom.

Under company law, the Directors must not approve the financial
statements unless they are satisfied chat they give a true and fair
view of the state of affairs of the Group and Company and of the
profit or loss of the Group and Company for that period. In
preparing the financial statements, the Directors are required to:

select suitable accounting policies and then apply them
consistently;

make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable,
relevant, reliable and prudent;

for the Group financial statements, state whether they have been
prepared in accordance with international accounting standards
in conformity with the requirements of the Companies Act
2006 and International Financial Reporting Standards as
adopted in the United Kingdom;

for the Company financial statements, state whether applicable
UK accounting standards have been followed, subject to any
material departures disclosed and explained in the Company
financial statements;

assess the Group and Company’s ability to continue as a going
concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
concern; and

~ use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either
intend to liquidate the Group or the Company or to cease
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

‘The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting
records that are sufficient to show and explain the Company's
transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the
financial position of the Company and enable them to ensure that
the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006.

The Directors are also responsible for safeguarding the assets of the
Company and for taking reasonable steps for the prevention and
detection of fraud and other irregularities.

116

The Directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity
of the Company's website. Legislation in the United Kingdom
governing the preparation and dissemination of financial
statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.

The Directors consider that the Annual Report, taken as a whole, is
fair, balanced and understandable and provides the information
necessary for shareholders to assess the Group

and the Company’s position and performance, business model

and strategy.

Each of the Directors, whose namés and functions are listed
on pages 82 to 85, confirm that, to the best of their knowledge:

~ the financial statements, prepared in accordance with the
applicable set of accounting standards, give a true and fair view
of the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit or loss of the
Company and the undertakings included in the consolidated
Group taken as a whole; and

~ the Strategic Report includes a fair review of the development
and performance of the business and the position of the
Company and the undertakings included in the consolidated
Group taken as a whole, together with a description of the
principal risks and uncertainties that they face.

In accordance with Section 418 of the Companies Act 2006, the
Directors confirm that, so far as they are each aware, there is no
relevant audit information of which the Company's auditor is
unaware; and the Directors have taken all steps that they ought to
have taken as a Director in order to make themselves aware of any
relevant audit information and to establish that the Company's
auditor is aware of that information.

The Board has conducted a review of the effectiveness of the
Group’s systems of risk management and internal controls
including financial, operational and compliance controls, for the
year ended 31 December 2023.

In the opinion of the Board, the Company has complied with the
internal control requirements of the Corporate Governance Code
throughout the year, maintaining an ongoing process for
identifying, evaluating and minimising risk.

By order of the Board

Whe

Adam Jones
Group Chief Financial Officer
and Chief Operating Officer


===== page 119 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial statements

Independent auditor's report to the members of

Bridgepoint Group plc

Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of Bridgepoint Group pic
(the “Parent Company”) and its subsidiaries (together the “Group”)
for the year ended 31 December 2023 which comprise the
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss, the Consolidated
Statement of Comprehensive Income, the Consolidated and
Company Statement of Financial Position, the Consolidated and
Company Statement of Changes in Equity, the Consolidated and
Company Statement of Cash Flows, and notes 1 to 30 to the
financial statements, including material accounting policy
information.

‘The financial reporting framework that has been applied in their
preparation is applicable law and UK-adopted international
accounting standards and, as regards the Parent Company financial
statements, in accordance with the provisions of the Companies
Act 2006.

In our opinion, the financial statements:

~ give a true and fair view of the state of the Group's and of the
Parent Company’s affairs as at 31 December 2023 and of the
Group's profit for the year then ended;

~ have been properly prepared in accordance with UK-adopted
international accounting standards and, as regards the Parent
Company financial statements, as applied in accordance with the
provisions of the Companies Act 2006; and

~ have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the
Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International
Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)") and applicable law. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the
“Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
section” of our report. We are independent of the Group and the
Parent Company in accordance with the ethical requirements that
are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in the UK,
including the FRC’s Ethical Standard as applied to listed entities
and public interest entities, and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe
that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Conclusions relating to going concern

In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the
Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the
preparation of the financial statements is appropriate.

Our audit procedures to evaluate the Directors’ assessment of the
Group's and the Parent Company's ability to continue to adopt the
going concern basis of accounting included but were not limited to:

undertaking an initial assessment at the planning stage of the
audit to identify events or conditions that may cast significant
doubr on the Group's and the Parent Company's ability to
continue as a going concern;

obtaining an understanding of the relevant controls relating to
the Directors’ going concern assessment;

making enquiries of the Directors to understand the period of
assessment considered by them, the assumptions they considered
and the implication of those when assessing the Group’s and the
Parent Company’s future financial performance;

identifying and testing key assumptions within the going concern
assessment, considering in particular the impact of the
anticipated acquisition of Energy Capital Partners;

testing the mechanical and arithmetical accuracy of the model
used to prepare the Group’s cash flow forecasts;

~ considering the consistency of Management's forecasts with
other areas of the audit;

obtaining an understanding of the financing facilities available to
the Group and reviewing the compliance with related covenants;

assessing the sensitivity of the forecasts and conclusions to key
assumptions including critically reviewing stressed scenarios; and

assessing the appropriateness of risk factors disclosed in the
Group’s going concern statement by comparison to the
understanding gained in our audit procedures.

Based on the work we have performed, we have not identified any
material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that,
individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the
Group’s and the Parent Company's ability to continue as a going
concern for a period of at least twelve months from when the
financial statements are authorised for issue.

Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the Directors with
respect to going concern are described in the relevant sections of
this report.

In relation to Bridgepoint Group ple’s reporting on how it has applied
the UK Corporate Governance Code, we have nothing material to
add or draw attention to in relation to the Directors’ statement in
the financial statements about whether the Directors considered it
appropriate to adopt the going concern basis of accounting.

117


===== page 120 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial statements

Independent auditor's report to the members of
Bridgepoint Group plc continued

Key audit matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements
of the current period and include the most significant assessed risks of material misstatement (whether or not due to fraud) we identified,
including those which had the greatest effect on: the overall audic strategy; the allocation of resources in the audit; and directing the
efforts of the engagement team. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in
forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

‘We summarise below the key audit matters in forming our opinion above, together with an overview of the principal audit procedures
performed to address each matter and our key observations arising from those procedures.

These matters, together with our findings, were communicated to those charged with governance through our Audit Completion Report.

Key Audit Matter

How our scope addressed this matter

Recognition of revenue arising from management and
other fees

In the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss,
management and other fees total £265.3 million
(2022: £241.5 million).

Refer to the accounting policies (page 136); and Note 5
of the Financial Statements (page 149).

The Group is entitled to management and other fees
arising from its performance of investment management
and related services to Bridgepoint funds and third
parties, Management fees are based on an agreed
percentage of either commited or invested capital,
depending on the fund and its life stage. Other fees
include fees and commissions relating to services
provided to third parties.

Auditing standards presume there is a risk of fraud
associated to revenue recognition. We have concluded
that due to the manual nature of the process, that risk is
associated to the incorrect calculation of management
and other fees,

Our audit procedures included, but were not limited to:

~ performing walkthroughs to develop an understanding of the procedures
associated with revenue recognition and evaluating the design and
implementation of the relevant controls in place;

selecting a sample of funds and:

agreeing the fee terms used in the calculation to the relevant legal
agreements;

validating key inputs such as committed capital or investment cost to
supporting evidence;

testing the arithmetical accuracy of the calculations prepared by
Management or the third-party administrator by performing
independent recalculations; and

tracing management fees received during the year to bank statements.

The sample selected represent 89% of the management and other fee
balances for the year.

~ assessing the appropriateness of the accounting policy associated with
the recognition of management and other fees.

Our observations

Our audit procedures did not identify any material matters regarding the
calculation and recognition of management and other fees. Management
and other fees have been recorded in accordance with UK-adopted
international accounting standards.

118


===== page 121 =====
Bridgepoint = 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

_ Financial statements

Key Audit Matter

How our scope addressed this matter

Valuation of private equity
and credit funds

In the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position, the
fair value of fund investments, excluding
unconsolidated CLOs, is £286.2 million

(2022: £257.9 million).

Refer to the accounting policies (pages 140-141); and
Notes 3, 16 and 19 of the Financial Statements (pages
146, 158-159 and pages 167-171),

‘The Group holds investments in private equity and
credit funds. These are measured at fair value based on
the net asset value determined by Bridgepoint, acting as
the manager of the underlying funds.

The valuation techniques used to determine the fair
value of investments held by the funds involve a high
degree of estimation uncertainty, including the impact
of climate change. Therefore, there is a risk of error in
the determination of the fair value of these investments
that could lead to a misstatement in the fair value of the
investments in those funds.

Our audit procedures included, but were not limited to:

~ performing walkthroughs to develop an understanding of the procedures
and controls associated with valuation of investments and evaluating the
design and implementation of the relevant controls in place. This
included inquiry of Management regarding the valuation governance
structure and their oversight of the valuation process, including
evidencing the oversight from the Audit and Risk Committee and the
relevant Valuation Committees;

for a sample of investments in funds, agreeing the balance to capital
statements and reconciling the capital statements to audited financial
statements of the funds; and

for a sample of underlying portfolio companies held by the funds
(look-through procedures), with the assistance of our valuation
specialists:

~ evaluating the appropriateness of the valuation methodology used and
obtaining an understanding of the key assumptions (including the
impact of climate change);

~ agreeing key inputs into the valuation models to source data; and
= assessing the mathematical accuracy of the valuation models.

Our observations
For the sample of valuations subject to our audit procedures, we concluded
that the methodology applied in the valuations and the assumptions
adopted therein are in line with IPEV guidelines and generally accepted
valuation practices and comply with the fair value principles outlined in
IFRS 13 “Fair Value Measurement” (“IFRS 13”)

119


===== page 122 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial statements

Independent auditor's report to the members of
Bridgepoint Group plc continued

Key Audit Matter

How our scope addressed this matter

Valuation of financial liabilities at fair value arising
from the consolidated CLOs

In the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position, the
fair value of consolidated CLO liabilities is

£1,152.0 million (2022: £597.5 million).

Refer to the accounting policies (page 142); and Notes
3, 17 and 19 of the Financial Statements (pages
146-147, 162-165 and pages 167-171).

The Group consolidates its investment in certain CLO
vehicles. As a result, the CLO notes held by third parties
are consolidated as financial liabilities at fair value
through profit or loss. The valuation techniques used
involve a higher degree of estimation uncertainty,
which we assessed has a risk of material error. The
Group applies the'residual valuation approach to
account for the inherent asymmetry between the assets
and liabilities resulting from the consolidation of the
CLO notes.

Our audit procedures included, but were not limited to:
= performing walkthroughs to develop an understanding of the procedures
and controls associated with the valuation of CLO notes and evaluating
the design and implementation of the relevant controls in place. This

included inquiry of Management about the valuation governance
structure and their oversight of the valuation process, including
evidencing oversight from the Audit and Risk Committee and the
relevant Valuation Committee;

~ with the assistance of our valuation specialists, challenging the valuations of
the CLO notes held by the Group, through a series of vests which included:
~ assessing the methodology used in determining fair value;

~ comparing Management's cash flow modelling with one of the market
standard tools set up based on CLO documentation and trustee
reports; and

~ assessing the assumptions used in Management's model (recovery rate,
prepayments, default and yield).

assessing whether Management has consistently applied the residual
value approach in valuing the CLO Notes; and

verifying the inputs in the residual value approach to the audit work
performed on the consolidated CLO assets and liabilities.

Our observations

Based on the results of audit work performed, we concluded that the
valuation of the financial liabilities arising from the consolidated CLOs is
materially in accordance with the fair value principles outlined in IFRS 13.

120


===== page 123 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial statements

Key Audit Matter

How our scope addressed this matter

Recognition of carried interest income and
measurement of carried interest receivable

In the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss, carried
interest income totals £30.0 million

(2022: £242 million). In the Consolidated Statement of
Financial Position, carried interest receivable amounts
to £67.3 million (2022: £42.0 million).

Refer to the accounting policies (page 136); and Notes
3, 5 and 15 of the Financial Statements (pages 145, 149
and 157).

‘The carried interest receivable represents the expected
income that the Group will receive from those funds
where the fund performance has exceeded the relevant
thresholds based upon the net asset value of the
underlying fund. Carried interest is calculated as a
contractual percentage of a fund’s return, once a
specified hurdle rate is expected to be met. These
amounts are specified in the underlying contract
between the fund and the Group in its capacity as
investment manager. Carried interest is only received
when a triggering-event, such as a realisation of a fund’s
investment, occurs. In respect of carried interest, in
accordance with IFRS 15 “Revenue from Contracts
with Customers” (“IFRS 15”), Management must apply
judgment to determine whether it is highly probable
that the performance above the hurdle of each fund will
not reverse after the reporting date.

During the year, Management has updated its
estimation process to align the discounts applied to the
different levels of uncertainty associated to the different
stages of life of each fund.

‘The following are identified as the key risks or judgments
in respect to the recognition of carried interest:

inappropriate judgments are made by Management in
the calculations, including whether an appropriate
discount is applied;

errors made in complex manual calculation models;
and

inappropriate inputs used by Management in the
calculations.

‘The accuracy and recognition of revenue is important
to the Group’s financial statements. Stakeholder
expectations may place pressure on Management to
influence the recognition of revenue. This may result in
overstatement or deferral of revenue to assist in meeting
current or future revenue targets or expectations.

Our audit procedures included, but were not limited to:

~ performing walkthroughs to develop an understanding of the procedures
associated with recognition and measurement of carried interest and
evaluating the design and implementation of the relevant controls;

assessing the appropriateness of the accounting policy associated with
the recognition of carried interest;

assessing the appropriateness of the underlying updated methodology
applied in determining the discount of each fund and the related disclosures;

for a sample of managed funds:

~ agreeing the inputs used in the carried interest calculations to supporting
evidence, including legal agreements, verifying the applicable hurdle and
riggers for the contractual right to carried interest;

~ recalculating the value of the carried interest receivable; and

~ inquiring about any ongoing negotiations on investment exits and
assessing their impact on the discount applied for the recognition of
related carried interest accruals.

ensuring Management included a|
significant assumptions and sens‘

ropriate disclosures in relation to

Our observations
Based on the results of audit procedures performed we concluded the
recognition of carried interest is materially in accordance with IFRS 15.

121


===== page 124 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

Independent auditor’s report to the members of
Bridgepoint Group plc continued

Our application of materiality and an overview of the scope of our audit

‘The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality. We set certain quantitative thresholds for materiality. These,
together with qualitative considerations, helped us to determine the scope of our audit and the nature, timing and extent of our audit
procedures on the individual financial statement line items and disclosures and in evaluating the effect of misstatements, both
individually and on the financial statements as a whole. Based on our professional judgement, we determined materiality for the financial
statements as a whole as follows:

Group materiality

Overall materiality £6.4 million

How we determined it 5% of profit before tax excluding exceptional income and expenses, as reported in the Consolidated
Statement of Profit or Loss

Rationale for We have considered that the profitability of the business is the key focus of the users of the financial

benchmark applied statements, and as such, we have based our materiality around this benchmark.

Performance Performance materiality is set to reduce to an appropriately low level the probability that the aggregate of

materiality uncorrected and undetected misstatements in the financial statements exceeds materiality for the financial
statements as a whole.
Having considered the knowledge of the Group’s operations and controls in the prior year’s audit, we set
performance materiality at £3.8 million, which represents 60% of overall materiality.

Reporting threshold We agreed with the Directors that we would report to them misstatements identified during our audit

above £0.2 million, as well as misstatements below that amount that, in our view, warranted reporting for
qualitative reasons.

‘The range of overall materiality across significant components, audited to the lower of statutory audit materiality and materiality set for
Group audit purposes, was between £0.1 million and £5.1 million, all being below the level of overall materiality that was set for the Group.

Parent Company materiality

Overall materiality £6.4 million

How we 196 of total assets (capped at 0.54% so as not to exceed Group materiality)
determined it

Rationale for We have considered that total assets is the most appropriate benchmark as the Parent Company is a
benchmark applied holding entity with no material liabilities.

Performance Performance materiality is set to reduce to an appropriately low level the probability that the aggregate of
materiality uncorrected and undetected misstatements in the financial statements exceeds materiality for the financial _

statements as a whole.

Based on our risk assessment, together with our assessment of the overall control environment, our
performance materiality is set at £3.8 million, which represents 60% of overall materiality.

Reporting threshold We agreed with the Directors that we would report to them misstatements identified during our audit
above £0.2 million, as well as misstatements below that amount that, in our view, warranted reporting for
qualitative reasons.

122


===== page 125 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts.

Financial statements

As part of designing our audit, we assessed the risk of material
misstatement in the financial statements, whether due to fraud or
error, and then designed and performed audit procedures
responsive to those risks. In particular, we looked at where the
Directors made subjective judgements, such as assumptions on
significant accounting estimates.

We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we performed
sufficient work to be able to give an opinion on the financial
statements as a whole. We used the outputs of our risk assessment,
our understanding of the Group and the Parent Company, their
environment, controls, and critical business processes, to consider
qualitative factors to ensure that we obtained sufficient coverage
across all financial statement line items.

Our Group audit scope included an audit of the Group and the
Parent Company financial statements, Based on our risk
assessment, Bridgepoint Advisers Holdings, Bridgepoint Credit
Holdings Limited, Bridgepoint Advisers Limited, Bridgepoint
Advisers II Limited, Bridgepoint Advisers UK Limited, Bridgepoint
Credit Advisers UK Limited, Bridgepoint Direct Lending II GP S.a
rl, Bridgepoint Direct Lending III GP $.a r., BCLO Credit
Investments I S.a rl., BP Credit Opportunities IV GP Sar,
Bridgepoint CLO 1 DAC, Bridgepoint CLO 3 DAC, Bridgepoint
CLO IV DAG, Bridgepoint CLO V DAC, Bridgepoint CLO VI
DAC and the Parent Company, Bridgepoint Group ple, were
subject to a full scope audit performed by the Group audit team. In
addition, Mazars component auditors performed a full scope audit
of Bridgepoint SAS, and specified scope procedures on
Bridgepoint LLC.

Ac the Parent Company level, the Group audit team also tested the
consolidation process and carried out analytical procedures to
confirm our conclusion that there were no significant risks of
material misstatement of the aggregated financial information.

Other information

‘The other information comprises the information included in the
Annual Report other than the financial statements and our
auditor’s report thereon. The Directors are responsible for the
other information. Our opinion on the financial statements does
not cover the other information and, except to the extent
otherwise explicitly stated in our report, we do not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so,
consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent
with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the
course of audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If
we identify such material inconsistencies or apparent material
misstatements, we are required to determine whether this gives rise
toa material misstatement in the financial statements themselves.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there
is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
required to report that fact.

We have nothing to report in this regard.

Opinions on other matters prescribed
by the Companies Act 2006

In our opinion, the part of the Directors’ remuneration report to.
be audited has been properly prepared in accordance with the
Companies Act 2006.

In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course
of the audit:

- the information given in the Strategic Report and the Directors’
Report for the financial year for which the financial statements
are prepared is consistent with the financial statements and
those reports have been prepared in accordance with applicable
legal requirements;

the information about internal control and risk management
systems in relation to financial reporting processes and about
share capital structures, given in compliance with rules 7.2.5 and
7.2.6 in the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules
sourcebook made by the Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA
Rules), is consistent with the financial statements and has been
prepared in accordance with applicable legal requirements; and

information about the Parent Company's corporate governance
code and practices and about its administrative, management
and supervisory bodies and their committees complies with rules
7.2.2, 7.2.3 and 7.2.7 of the FCA Rules.

Matters on which we are required
to report by exception
In light of the knowledge and understanding of the Group and the

Parent Company and their environment obtained in the course of
the audit, we have not identified material misstatements in the:

~ Strategic Report or the Directors’ Report; or

~ information about internal control and risk management systems
in relation to financial reporting processes and about share
capital structures given in compliance with rules 7.2.5 and 7.2.6
of the FCA Rules.

We have nothing to report in respect of the following matters in
relation to which the Companies Act 2006 requires us to report to
you if, in our opinion:

- adequate accounting records have not been kept by the Parent
Company, or returns adequate for our audit have not been
received from branches not visited by us; or

- the Parent Company financial statements and the part of the
Directors’ remuneration report to be audited are not in
agreement with the accounting records and returns; or

~ certain disclosures of Directors’ remuneration specified by law
are not made; or

= we have not received all the information and explanations we
require for our audit; or

- a corporate governance statement has not been prepared by the

Parent Company.
123


===== page 126 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial statements

Independent auditor's report to the members of

Bridgepoint Group plc continued

Corporate governance statement

The Listing Rules require us to review the Directors’ statement in
relation to going concern, longer-term viabiliry and that part of the
Corporate Governance Statement relating to Bridgepoint Group
plc's compliance with the provisions of the UK Corporate
Governance Statement specified for our review.

Based on the work undertaken as part of our audit, we have
concluded that each of the following elements of the Corporate
Governance Statement is materially consistent with the financial
statements or our knowledge obtained during the audit:

~ Directors’ statement with regards the appropriateness of
adopting the going concern basis of accounting and any material
uncertainties identified, set out on page 67;

Directors’ explanation as to its assessment of the entity’s
prospects, the period this assessment covers and why they
period is appropriate, set out on pages 65-67;

Directors’ statement on fair, balanced and understandable, set
out on page 116;

Board’s confirmation that it has carried out a robust assessment
of the emerging and principal risks, set out on page 97;

the section of the Annual Report that describes the review of
effectiveness of risk management and internal control systems,
set out on page 97; and

the section describing the work of the Audit and Risk
Committee, set out on pages 92-98.

Responsibilities of Directors

As explained more fully in the Statement of Directors’
Responsibilities set out on page 116, the Directors are responsible
for the preparation of the financial statements and for being
satisfied that they give a true and fair view, and for such internal
control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the
preparation of financial statements that are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, the Directors are responsible
for assessing the Group’s and the Parent Company's ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters
related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the
Group or the Parent Company or to cease operations, or have no
realistic alternative but to do so.

124

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements as a whole are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an
auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is
a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit
conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a
material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from
fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial
statements.

The extent to which our procedures are capable of detectirig
irregularities, including fraud is detailed below.

Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance
with laws and regulations, We design procedures in line with our
responsibilities, outlined above, to detect material misstatements in
respect of irregularities, including fraud.

Based on our understanding of the Group and the Parent
Company and their industry, we considered that non-compliance
with the following laws and regulations might have a material
effect on the financial statements: UK Bribery Act, UK Corporate
Governance Code, Financial Services and Markers Act,
Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting, tax legislation and
anti-money laundering regulation.

To help us identify instances of non-compliance with these laws
and regulations, and in identifying and assessing the risks of
material misstatement in respect to non-compliance, our
procedures included, but were not limited to:

~ gaining an understanding of the legal and regulatory framework
applicable to the Group and the Parent Company, the industry
in which they operate, and the structure of the Group, and
considering the risk of acts by the Group and the Parent
Company which were contrary to the applicable laws and
regulations, including fraud;

inquiring of the Directors, Management and, where appropriate,
those charged with governance, as to whether the Group and the
Parent Company are in compliance with laws and regulations,
and discussing their policies and procedures regarding
compliance with laws and regulations;

inspecting correspondence with relevant licensing or regulatory
authorities including the Financial Conduct Authority;

reviewing minutes of Directors’ meetings in the year; and

discussing amongst the engagement team the laws and
regulations listed above, and remaining alert to any indications
of non-compliance.

We also considered those laws and regulations that have a direct
effect on the preparation of the financial statements, such as the
Companies Act 2006.


===== page 127 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial statements

In addition, we evaluated the Directors’ and Management's
incentives and opportunities for fraudulent manipulation of the
financial statements, including the risk of management override of
controls, and determined that the principal risks related to
manipulating accounting records and preparing fraudulent financial
statements by overriding controls that otherwise appear to be
operating effectively. Due to the unpredictable way in which such
override could occur there is a risk of material misstatement due to
fraud on all audits.

Our procedures in relation to fraud included but were not limited to:

~ making enquiries of the Directors and Management on whether
they had knowledge of any actual, suspected or alleged fraud;

~ gaining an understanding of the internal controls established to
mitigate risks related to fraud;

discussing amongst the engagement team the risks of fraud;

addressing the risks of fraud through management override of
controls by performing journal entry testing;

critically assessing accounting estimates impacting amounts
included in the financial statements for evidence of management
bias;

considering significant transactions outside of the normal course
of business. Our approach included Management inquiry,
review of the Board minutes, review of correspondences with
regulators and analytical review to identify significant
movements on transactions and balances and substantively
testing the transaction and related disclosure, where applicable;

reviewing the journal entry process to evaluate its effectiveness
and appropriateness, including an assessment of the level of
segregation of duties and a risk-based selection of journals based
on what we considered as high-risk criteria using a data analytics
tool and testing these against supporting documentation and
obtaining Management explanations; and

obtaining an understanding of the rationale for and testing
related party transactions and balances.

‘The primary responsibility for the prevention and detection of
irregularities, including fraud, rests with both those charged with
governance and Management. As with any audit, there remained a
risk of non-detection of irregularities, as these may involve
collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations or the
override of internal controls.

The risks of material misstatement that had the greatest effect on
our audit are discussed in the “Key audit matters” section of this

report.

A further description of our responsibilities is available on the
Financial Reporting Council’s website at www.frc.org.uk/
auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms part of our
auditor's report.

Other matters which we are required to address
Following the recommendation of the Audit and Risk Committee,
we were appointed by Bridgepoint Group ple on 4 October 2021
to audit the financial statements for the year ending 31 December
2021 and subsequent financial periods. The period of total
uninterrupted engagement is three years, covering the years ended
31 December 2021 to 31 December 2023.

The non-audit services prohibited by the FRC’s Ethical Standard
were not provided to the Group or the Parent Company and we
remain independent of the Group and the Parent Company in
conducting our audit.

Our audit opinion is consistent with our additional report to the
Audit and Risk Committee.

Use of the audit report

This report is made solely to the Parent Company’s members as a
body in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies
Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might
state to the Parent Company's members those matters we are
required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no other
purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept
or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Parent
Company and the Parent Company's members as a body for our
audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

‘As required by the Financial Conduct Authority Disclosure
Guidance and Transparency Rule 4.1.14R, these financial
statements form part of the ESEF-prepared Annual Financial
Report filed on the National Storage Mechanism of the Financial
Conduct Authority in accordance with the ESEF Regulatory
Technical Standard (“ESEF RTS”). This auditor's report provides
no assurancé over whether the Annual Financial Report has been
prepared using the single electronic format specified in the ESEF RTS.

David Herbinet (Senior Statutory Auditor)
for and on behalf of Mazars LLP

Chartered Accountants and Statutory Auditor

30 Old Bailey
London
EC4M 7AU

20 March 2024

125


===== page 128 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

for the year ended 31 December

(Restated)

2023 2022"*

: Note fm =m
Management and other fees 5 265.3 2415
Carried interest 5 30.0 24.2
Fair value remeasurement of investments 5 25.3 40.7
Other operating income 1.0 10
Total operating income 321.6 3074
Personnel expenses 6 (132.5), (126.9)
Other operating expenses 7 (92.0); (44.5)
EBITDA* 97.1 136.0
Depreciation and amortisation expense 9 (18.7) (18.3)
Finance and other income 10 16.7 17.6
Finance and other expenses 10 (9.1) (7.9)
Profit before tax* 86.0 127.4
Tax i (15.3)) (6.8)
Profit after tax 70.7: 120.6

Attributable to:

Equity holders of the parent 70.7, 120.6
£ £

Basic and diluted earnings per share 12] 0.094 0.15

+ Exceptional expenses of £47.7m (2022: £3.2m) are included in EBITDA. Profit before tax includes exceptional expenses of £47.7m (2022: £3.2m) and exceptional income of £6.9m.
(2022: £13.6m). Details of exceptional items are inchided in note 8 on page 152.

** ‘The Group has changed the presentation of the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss for the year ended 31 December 2022 to reclassify foreign exchange gains and losses from
EBITDA to finance and other income and expenses with nil impact in profit before tax or profit after tax. Further details are provided in note 1 on page 134.

The notes to the accounts form an integral part of these financial statements.

126


===== page 129 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive. Income

for the year ended 31 December

es
Profit after tax - 70.7 120.6
Items that may be reclassified to the statement of profit or loss in subsequent years: -
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (5.8) 113
Change in the fair value of hedging instruments 20(b)} ... 86 (10.5)
Change in the time value of foreign exchange options 20 (b) 01 -
Reclassifications to the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss 20(o)}* 1.3 (5.9)
Total tax on components of other comprehensive income 11) (2.2) 33
Other comprehensive income/(loss) net of tax 2.0 (8)
Total comprehensive income net of tax 72.7 1188
Total comprehensive income attributable to: :
Equity holders of the parent 72.7 118.8

The notes to the accounts form an integral part of these financial statements.

. 127


===== page 130 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

as at 31 December

[2023] 2022

Note =m Em
Assets :
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment 13 * 737 85.5
Goodwill and intangible assets . 14 116.6 119.6
Carried interest receivable 15 673 42.0
Fair value of fund investments 16 (a), (6) 3014 273.0
Trade and other receivables 16 (@), (0 23:2 19.9
Total non-current assets } 582.21 540.0
Current assets
Consolidated CLO assets* 16(a),(d) |. 1,348.8 7413
Trade and other feceivables - 16 (@), () 118.2 184.9
Derivative financial assets 16 (2), (e) 62 1.0
Other investments 16@),@} ° 75 -
Cash and cash equivalents 16), @ 238.8 196.0
Term deposits with original maturities of more than three months 16 (g) - 100.0
Consolidated CLO cash" 16 (@),(@) 76.0 24.6
Total current assets 1,795.51 1,247.8
Total assets 2,377.71 1,787.8
Liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Trade and other payables 17), (b) 13.1 13.6
Other financial liabilities 17 (a),(d) 50.1 49.5
Fair value of consolidated CLO liabilities* 17(@),(e)| 1,152.0 597.5
Lease liabilities 17(a)18|-. 69.7 7A
Deferred tax liabilities 22 33.9 19.4
Total non-current liabilities 1,318.8 757.1
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables 17), (b) 132.5 115.5
Lease liabilities 17 (@),18 119 61
Derivative financial liabilities 17@,@ 16 13.2
Consolidated CLO liabilities* 17€@),(©) 14.9 26
Consolidated CLO purchases awaiting settlement* 17a), 176.8 120.6
Total current liabilities 337.74 258.0
Total liabilities : 1,656.5} 1,015.1
Net assets | 721.21 7727
Equity
Share capital 21,23 (@) 01 01
Share premium 21,23 @) 289.8 289.8
Retained earnings 418.7 473.7
Other reserves** 21,23 (0) 12.6 91
Total equity 1 721.24 772.7

+ Deails of the Group's interest in consolidated Collateralised Loan Obligations ("CLOs") are included in note 16 (d). The equity holders’ exposure in the consolidated CLOs is €81.1m at
31 December 2023 (2022: £45.2m). The Group's investment in CLOs which are not consolidated is £15.2m (2022: £15.1m) and are included within fair value of fund investments. A
rnon-scarutory Consolidated Statement of Financial Position, excluding consolidated CLOs is presented on page 194.

** The Group has changed the presentation of equity to aggregate other reserves. A breakdown of other reserves is included in note 23 (¢).

‘The financial statements of Bridgepoint Group ple (company registration number: 11443992), which include the notes,
were approved and authorised by the Board of Directors on 20 March 2024 and were signed on its behalf by:

Ws AM Jones
My, Director

128 .


===== page 131 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial statements

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

for the year ended 31 December

Share ‘Share ‘Other Retained ‘Total

capital premium reserves” earnings equity

Note £m £m £m £m £m

At 1 January 2023 01 289.8 91 473.7 772.7
Profit for the year - - - 70.7 70.7
Other comprehensive income - - 42 (2.2) 2.0
Total comprehensive income a = 42 68.5 72.7
Vested share-based payments 23 (c) - - (4.7) 47 -
Share-based payments 64) - - 40 - 4.0
Share buyback 23 (c) - - - (60.2) (60.2)
Dividends 24 - - - 68.0) __ (68.0)
‘At 31 December 2023 O21 289.8 12.6 418.7 721.21
Share ‘Share ‘Other Retained ‘Total

capital premium reserves" earnings equity

Note fm fm £m £m £m

At 1 January 2022 01 289.8 138 412.6 7163
Profit for the year - - - 120.6 1206
Other comprehensive loss - - (5.1) 33 (1.8)
Total comprehensive income = > (5.1) 123.9 1188
Share-based payments 6a) - - 04 - 04
Dividends 24 - - (62.8) (62.8)
‘At 31 December 2022 O1 289.8 94 473.7 772.7

* The Group has changed the presentation of equity to aggregate other reserves. A breakdown of other reserves is included in note 23 (c).

‘The notes to the accounts form an integral part of these financial statements.

129


===== page 132 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

for the year ended 31 December

2023 2022
Note tm fm
Cash flows from operating activities
Cash generated from operations 25 (a) 99.7 35.6
Tax paid (4.7) (7)
Net cash inflow from operating activities 1 95.01 33.9
Cash flows from investing activities
Investment in term deposits with original maturities of more than three months 16) 100.0 (100.0)
Receipts from investments (non-CLO) 83.6 743
Purchase of investments (non-CLO) (46.9): (41.2)
Purchase of other investments (non-CLO) 160) (7.5) -
Interest received (non-CLO) 85 33
Payment for foreign exchange option premium (3.8); -
Investments in non-consolidated CLOs - (8.7)
Cash acquired on consolidation of intermediate fund holding entities - 12
Receipts from investments (consolidated CLOs) 302.0 156.9
Purchase of investments (consolidated CLOs) (751.9), (166.1)
Cash movements from the consolidated CLOs - 45.6
Payments for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 13 (4.0), (22.6)
Net cash outflow from investing activities (320.0) (57.3)
Cash flows from financing activities
IPO costs - (18)
Dividends paid to shareholders of the Company 24 (68.0) (62.8)
Share buyback 23 (0) (60.2) -
Drawings from related party investors in intermediate fund holding entities 12 38
Principal elements of lease payments (6.6) (4)
Drawn funding (consolidated CLOs) 148.7 -
Repayment of CLO borrowings (consolidated CLOs) (258.5) (15.3)
Cash from/{paid to) CLO investors (consolidated CLOs) . 576.2 (17)
Interest paid (non-CLO) (7.2), (4.7)
Net cash inflow/(outflow) from financing activities 325.61 (86.6)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 100.6 (110.0)
Total cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 220.6 3273
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (6.4) 33
Total cash and cash equivalents at the end of year 314.8 2206
Cash and cash equivalents (for use within the Group) 16(g) 238.8 196.0
Consolidated CLO cash (restricted for use within relevant CLO) 16%) 76.0 24.6
Total cash and cash equivalents at the end of year 314.8] 220.6

1. The Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows includes the cash flows of consolidated CLOs. A non-statutory Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows excluding the impact of
consolidating CLOs, which has not been audited, is included on page 195.

‘The notes to the accounts form an integral part of these financial statements.

130


===== page 133 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts , Financial statements

Company Statement of Financial Position

as at 31 December

es
Assets
Non-current assets .
Investments in subsidiaries and other Group affiliates 28} 1,026.9} 1,023.0
Deferred tax assets 22 - 04
Total non-current assets y F 1,026.91 1,023.4
Current assets
‘Trade and other receivables 16 @),(f) 84 20.3
Cash and cash equivalents 16 (a), @ 139.7 114.0
Derivative financial assets : 16 (a),(e) 3.9 -
Term deposits with original maturities of more than three months 16 (a), (g) = 50.0
Total current assets 152.0 184.3
Total assets 1,178.94 1,207.7
Liabilities
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables _ 17 (a),(b) 131.7 11
Total liabilities 131.71 11
Net assets 11,047.21 1,206.6
Equity
Share capital 23 (a) 01 Ol
Share premium 23 (a) 289.8 289.8
Retained earnings 182.9 341.7
Other reserves" 230) 574.4 575.0
Total equity {1,047.21 1,206.6

* The Company has changed the presentation of equity to aggregate other reserves. A breakdown of other reserves is included in note 23 (c).

‘The Company's total loss for the year was £35.3m (2022: profit of £2.9m), reflecting the exceptional transaction costs associated with

the ECP acquisition. Details of exceptional items are included in note 8 on page 152.

The notes to the accounts form an integral part of these financial statements.

131


===== page 134 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial statements

Company Statement of Changes in Equity.

for the year ended 31 December

Share Share ‘Other Retained Total

capital premium reserves" earnings ‘equity

: Note £m £m £m £m £m

At 1 January 2023 04 289.8 575.0 341.7 1,206.6
Loss for the year - - co - (35.3) (35.3)

Other comprehensive income 20(b) - - o1 - o1
Total comprehensive loss - = O41 (35.3) (35.2)

Share-based payments 6(@) - - 4.0 - 4.0

Vested share-based payments 23 (0) - - (4.7) 47 -
Share buyback 2310) - - - (60.2) (60.2)
Dividends 24 - - - (68.0) (68.0)
At31 December 2023 01 289.8 S744 182.9 1,047.24

Share Share Other Retained Total

apical premium reserves" ‘earings ‘equity

Note £m £m £m £m £m

At 1 January 2022 01 289.8 574.6 4016 1,266.1

Profit for the year . - - - 29 29

Other comprehensive income - - - - -

Total comprehensive income = - - 29 29
Share-based payments 6 (a) - - 04 - 04
Dividends 24 - - - (62.8) (62.8)

‘At31 December 2022 01 289.8 575.0 341.7 1,206.6

* ‘The Company has changed the presentation of equity to aggregate other reserves. A breakdown of other reserves is included in note 23 (¢)

‘The notes to the accounts form an integral part of these financial statements

132


===== page 135 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

Company Statement of Cash Flows

for the year ended 31 December

ot 2023 2022

Note £m im
Cash flows from operating activities
Cash generated from operations 25 107.2 66.3
Net cash inflow from operating activities - 107.24 66.3
Cash flows from investing activities
Investment in term deposits with original maturities of more than three months 16@ 50.0 (50.0)
Interest received (non-CLO) 47 15
Payment for foreign exchange option premium (3.8), -
Net cash inflow/(outflow) from investing activities 50.9t (48.5)
Cash flows from financing activities |
Dividends paid to shareholders of the Company 24 (68.0); (62.8)
Share buy-back 23()| - (60.2) -
Interest paid (1.0)
Net cash (outflow) from financing activities (129.2)) (62.8)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 28.9 (45.0)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 114.0 159.0
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (3.2) <
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of year le@b 139.71 114.0

‘The notes to the accounts form an integral part of these financial statements.

133


===== page 136 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements.

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements

1. General information and basis of preparation

General information
Bridgepoint Group ple (the “Company’) is a public company limited by shares, incorporated, domiciled and registered in England and
Wales. The Company’s registration number is 11443992 and the address of its registered office is 5 Marble Arch, London, W1H 7EJ.

‘The principal activity of the Company and entities controlled by the Company (collectively, the “Group”) is to act as a private equity and
credit fund manager. The Strategic Report sets out further details of the Group's activities.

Basis of preparation
The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 comprise the financial statements of the Group and the
Company.

‘The consolidated financial statements of the Group and the Company’s financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
UK-adopted international accounting standards and in conformity with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006, as applicable to
companies reporting under those standards. The financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for financial
instruments measured at fair value through profit and loss.

The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of the financial statements are set out within note 2. These policies have
been consistently applied to all the periods presented, unless otherwise stated.

‘The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with international accounting standards requires the use of certain critical
accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise judgement in the process of applying the Group's accounting policies. Details
of the critical judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty are set out in note 3. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

‘The financial statements are presented in pound sterling and all values are rounded to the nearest £0.1m except where otherwise indicated.

Adoption of new and amended standards and interpretations
Standards, interpretations and amendments to published standards effective for the year ended 31 December 2023
The following new and amended standards do not have a material impact on the Group or Company's financial statements:

International accounting standards and interpretations Effective date
Amendments to IAS 1 “Presentation of Financial Statements” and IFRS Practice Statement 2 “Disclosure of

Accounting Policies” 1 January 2023
Amendments to IAS 8 “Definition of Accounting Estimates” 1 January 2023
IFRS 17 “Insurance Contracts” 1 January 2023
Amendments to IAS 12 “Deferred Tax Related to Assets and Liabilities Arising from a Single Transaction” 1 January 2023
International Tax Reform - Pillar Two Model Rules - Amendments to IAS 12 23 May 2023

Standards, interpretations and amendments to published standards which are not yet effective

New and amended standards that have been issued, but are not yet effective, up to the date of the Group's financial statements are
disclosed below. The Group plans to adopt these, if applicable, when they become effective. The following do not have a material impact
on the Group or Company's financial statements: .

International accounting standards and interpretations Effective date
Amendments to IFRS 16 “Leases”: lease liability in a sale and leaseback 1 January 2024
Amendments to IAS 1: non-current liabilities with covenants and classification of liabilities as current or

non-current 1 January 2024

Changes to comparative period financial information

‘The presentation of foreign exchange gains and losses has been changed in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss as it primarily
relates to non-operating activities. As a result, the comparative information for the affected line items for the year ended 31 December
2022 has been restated to reclassify foreign exchange gains of £1.1m into finance and other income. The restatement also impacts the
comparative period EBITDA and FRE metrics throughout the annual report. There is no impact on net profit in either year.

Going concern

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis. The Directors have a reasonable expectation that
the Group and Company have adequate resources to continue in operational existence for a period of at least 12 months from the date
of issue of these financial statements. In forming this conclusion the Directors have assessed the business risks, financial position and
resources of both the Group and Company. Further detail is set out within the viability and going concern statement on pages 65 to 67.

134


===== page 137 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

Company financial statements

As permitted by section 408 of the Companies Act 2006, the Company Statement of Profit or Loss and the Statement of
Comprehensive Income are not presented as part of these financial ‘statements. The Company's loss for the year amounted to £35.3m
(2022: profit of £2.9m).

2 Accounting policies

(a) Consolidation

The consolidated financial statements include the comprehensive gains or losses, the financial position and the cash flows of the
Company, its subsidiaries and the entities that the Group is deemed to control, drawn up to the end of the relevant period, which
includes elimination of all intra-group transactions. Uniform accounting policies have been adopted across the Group.

Assessment of control
The Group controls an investee (entity) if, and only if, the Group has all of the following:

~ power over the investee (Le. existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee);
~ exposure, or rights, to variable rerurns from its involvement with the investee; and

= ability co use its power over the investee to affect its returns.

The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more
of the three elements of control listed above.

When the Group holds less than a majority of the voting rights of an investee, it has power over the investee when the voting rights are
sufficient to give it the practical ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee unilaterally. The Group considers all relevant facts
and circumstances in assessing whether or not the Group’s voting rights in an investee are sufficient to give it power, including:

~ the size of the Group's holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holdings of the other vote holders;
= potential voting rights held by the Group, other vote holders or other parties;
~ rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and

~ any additional facts and circumstances that indicate that the Group has, or does not have, the current ability to direct the relevant
activities at the time when decisions need to be made, including voting patterns at previous shareholders’ meetings.

The assessment of control is based on all relevant facts and circumstances and the Group reassesses its conclusion if there is an indication
that there are changes in facts and circumstances.

Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the Group loses control over
the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the Consolidated
Statement of Comprehensive Income from the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.
All intra-group balances and transactions with subsidiaries are eliminated upon consolidation.

‘When the Group consolidates an entity which has an interest held by a third party, it assesses whether the third party’s interest represents
equity or a financial liability. To determine this classification, the substance of the contractual terms of the financial instrument is taken

as an indicator of whether the third party's interest is debt or equity. If a pre-agreed profit share percentage that is contractually defined
within relevant limited partnership agreements is present, the Group recognises a contractual obligation to settle in cash and, therefore,

the interest is classified as debt and fair valued through profit and loss. In the case where the contract results in a residual interest in the

assets of the investee after deducting all of the investee’s liabilities, a non-controlling interest is recognised within equity.

(b) Foreign currencies

Presentation currency

‘The financial statements are presented in pound sterling, which is the Company's functional currency and also the presentational
currency for the Company and Group.

Foreign currency transactions
Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the opening spot exchange rate for the month in which
the transaction occurs as an approximate for the actual rate at the date of the transaction.

Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions, and from the translation of monetary assets
and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at year end exchange rates, are generally recognised in profit or loss.

135


===== page 138 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are measured at fair value are translated to the functional
currency at the applicable foreign currency exchange rate on the date the fair value was determined. Non-monetary items in a foreign
currency that are measured in terms of historical cost are translated using the exchange rate on the date of the transaction.

Foreign operations
The results and financial position of foreign operations that have a functional currency different from the presentational currency
are translated into the presentational currency of the Group as follows:

~ assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the closing rate at the date of that statement
of financial position;

= income and expenses for each statement of profit or loss presented are translated at opening spot rate for the month; and

~ all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.

(c) Operating income

Operating income primarily comprises management and other fees, carried interest income and investment income from the
management of investment in private equity and credit fund partnerships, The parties to agreements for fund management services
comprise the Group and.the investors of each fund as a body. Accordingly, the group of investors of each fund are identified asa
customer for accounting purposes.

Income is measured based on the consideration specified in the contracts and exclude amounts collected on behalf of third parties,
discounts and value added taxes.

Management and other fees
‘The Group earns management fees from its provision of various investment management services to funds, which are treated as a single

performance obligation.

Management fees are recognised over the life of each fund, generally 10 to 12 years, occasionally subject to an’extension, if agreed with
the investors of that fund.

Management fees are based on an agreed percentage of either committed or invested capital, depending on the fund and its life stage.
Fees are billed in accordance with the relevant limited partnership agreement and are either billed semi-annually or quarterly in advance
or arrears.

Other fees may also comprise fees and commissions relating to provision of services to third parties.

Carried interest

‘The Group receives a share of fund profits through its holdings in founder partnerships as variable consideration dependent on the level

of fund returns. The entitlement to carried interest and the amount is determined by the level of accumulated profits exceeding an agreed
threshold (the “hurdle”) over the life-time of each fund. The carried interest income is only recognised to the extent it is highly probable that
there would not be a significant reversal of any accumulated revenue recognised on the completion of a fund. The reversal risk due to
uncertainty of future fund performance is managed through the application of discounts. This is explained further within note 3.

‘The carried interest receivable represents a contract asset under IFRS 15 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers”. Amounts are
typically presented as non-current assets unless they are expected to be received within the next 12 months

Investment income
Investment income consists primarily of fair value remeasurement of the Group’s investments in private equity and credit funds. Details
of the valuation of such investments is explained further within note 3.

Other operating income
Other operating income includes fees and commissions receivable by the Group's procurement consulting business, PEPCo Services LLP.

Iealso includes income earned from other investments including, but not limited to, loans made to fund portfolio companies. Interest
income is accrued on the principal amount of the loans based on the contractual interest rate.

Amounts are recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss on an accruals basis.

136


===== page 139 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

(d) Deferred acquisition costs

Professional costs, particularly legal and other adviser costs, are incurred when raising a new fund. The limited partnership agreement
of each fund dictates the aggregate expense that can be recharged to the fund investors on the close of a new fund. Costs in excess of
the cap and any fees paid co placement agents are capitalised as a current or non-current asset.

The benefit of the incurred costs for private equity funds is primarily considered to be attributable to the period when the primary fund
investment activity is carried out. Therefore, the useful life of the asset is aligned to the investment period of the fund which is between
three and five years for private equity funds.

For credit funds, the period of portfolio construction is typically longer, therefore a five-year useful life is used, which correlates with the
period over which the management fees build up to a maximum level.

Details are provided within note 16 (0).

(e) Personnel benefits

Short-term employee benefits

Short-term employee benefits, which include employee salaries and bonuses, are expensed as the related service is provided. A liability is
recognised for the amount expected to be paid if the Group has a present or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past
service provided by the employee and the obligation can be estimated reliably.

Accumulated holiday balances are accrued at each period end, if an employee’s entitlement is not used in full.

Long-term employee benefits

Long-term employce benefits, which are those that are not expected to be settled wholly before 12 months after the period end in which the
employee renders the service that gives rise to the benefit, include certain long-term bonuses. An expense is recognised over the period in
which the related service is provided. A liability is recognised for the amount expected to be paid if the Group has a present or constructive
obligation to pay this amount as a result of past service provided by the employee and the obligation can be estimated reliably.

Defined contribution pensions
‘Amounts payable in respect of employers’ contributions to the Group's defined contribution pension scheme are recognised as employee
expenses as incurred. The assets of the scheme are held separately from those of the Group in an independently administered fund.

Share-based payments
The Group enters into both equity-settled and cash-settled share-based payment arrangements with certain employees as compensation
for the provision of their services.

1) Equity-settled share-based payments
The cost of equity-settled share-based payments with employees is measured by reference to the fair value at the date at which the
awards are granted and is recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on an estimate of the number
of equity instruments that will eventually vest. A corresponding credit is made to the share-based payment reserve within equity.

In valuing equity-settled transactions, no account is taken of any non-market based vesting conditions and no expense or investment
is recognised for awards that do nor ultimately vest as a result of a failure to satisfy a non-market based vesting condition.

Ateach reporting date, the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest. The impact of the revision
of the original estimates, if any, is recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss such that the cumulative expense reflects
the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to equity.

Upon vesting of an equity instrument, the cumulative cost in the share-based payments reserve is reclassified to retained earnings in equity.

2) Cash-settled share-based payments
The cost of cash-settled transactions is measured at fair value. Fair value is estimated initially at che grant date and at each balance sheet
date thereafter until the awards are settled. Market based performance conditions are taken into account when determining fair value.
Ateach balance sheet date, the liability recognised is based on the fair value of outstanding awards (ignoring non-market based vesting
conditions), along with any employment tax to be incurred by the Group, at the balance sheet date, the period that fell prior to the
balance sheet date and management's estimate of the likelihood and extent of non-market based vesting conditions being achieved.

Changes in the carrying amount of the liability are recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss for the period.

137


===== page 140 =====
Bridgepoint ~ 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

(f) EBITDA

EBITDA means earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation. It is used to provide an overview of the profitability of the
Group’s business and segments, Underlying EBITDA is calculated by deducting from within EBITDA exceptional items and employee
share-based payments granted to a targeted group of employees to increase employee ownership in the Group post-IPO.

EBITDA and Underlying EBITDA are alternative performance measures and non-IFRS measures.

‘The Group uses Underlying EBITDA as exceptional income or expenditure could distort an understanding of the performance of the
Group. Details of exceptional expenses are set out in note 8.

(g) Leases

Group as lessee

‘The Group has applied IFRS 16 “Leases” where the Group has right-of-use of an asset under a lease contract for a period of more than
12 months. Such contracts represent leases of office premises where the Group is a tenant.

The lease liability is initially measured at the net present value of future lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date
discounted using the Group's incremental borrowing rate (“IBR’) as the discount rate as the implicit rate is not readily determinable for
the rented office premises. The IBR reflects the rate that the Group would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset
of similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment within similar terms, security and conditions.

The lease liability is subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Lease payments due within the next
12 months are recognised within current liabilities. Payments due after 12 months are recognised within non-current liabilities.

Right-of-use assets are recorded initially at cost and depreciated on a straight-line basis over the length of the contractual lease term.
Cost is defined as the lease liabilities recognised plus any initial costs and dilapidation provisions less any incentives received. Right-of-
use assets are included within property, plant and equipment in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position.

Group as lessor

Where the Group acts as an intermediate lessor by entering into a subletting agreement and has wansferred substantially all the risks and
rewards incidental to ownership of the underlying asset, the Group accounts for these subleases as finance leases under IFRS 16 “Leases”.
Such contracts represent subleases of office premises.

At commencement of the lease term, the Group derecognises the right-of-use asset relating to the head lease and recognises the net
investments in the sublease as a receivable. The difference between the right-of-use asset and the net investment in the sublease is
recognised in profit and loss. The Group uses the TBR used for the head lease to measure the net investment in the lease (adjusted for any
initial direct costs associated with the sublease). During the term of the sublease, the Group recognises both finance income on the
sublease and finance expense on the head lease.

Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

‘The Group has elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases that have a lease term of 12 months
or less and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises the lease payments associated with these leases as an expense on a straight-
line basis over the lease term within operating expenses.

(h) Finance and other income and expense

Finance and other income comprises interest earned on cash and term deposits, finance income on sublease agreements and amounts
receivable from related party investors, foreign exchange gains and the impact of the remeasurement of the deferred contingent
consideration.

Finance and other expenses comprise interest on interest-bearing liabilities, finance expenses on lease liabilities, foreign exchange losses
and amounts due to related party investors.

Interest income and expense is recognised using the effective interest rate method. Recurring fees and charges levied on committed bank
facilities are charged to the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss as accrued. Credit facility arrangement fees are capitalised and
amortised to the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss using the effective interest method over the term of the facility.

138


===== page 141 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

(i) Exceptional items

Items of income and expense that are material by size and/or nature and are not considered to be incurred in the normal course of
business are classified as ‘exceptional’ within the Consolidated and Company Statement of Profit or Loss and disclosed separately to give
a clearer presentation of the Group’s underlying financial performance. In considering the nature of an exceptional item, management's
assessment includes, both individually and collectively, each of the following:

~ whether the item is outside of the principal activities of the business;
~ the specific circumstances which have led to the item arising;
~ the likelihood of recurrence; and

~ if the item is likely to recur, whether the item is unusual by virtue of its size.

(j) Taxation
Taxation expense for the period comprises current and deferred tax recognised in the reporting period.

Current tax

Current tax is the amount of corporation tax payable in respect of the taxable profit for the current or prior reporting periods. Tax is
calculated on the basis of tax rates and laws that-have been enacted or substantively enacted by the period end. Current tax is recognised
in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income,
or directly in equity. In this case, current tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity accordingly.

Deferred tax
Deferred tax arises from temporary differences at the reporting date between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and the
amounts used for taxation purposes.

Deferred tax is not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or from the initial recognition of
other assets and liabilities in a transaction, other than a business combination, that affects neither the tax nor the accounting profit.

Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences.

Unrelieved tax losses and other deferred tax assets are only recognised when it is probable that they will be recovered against the reversal
of deferred tax liabilities or other future taxable profits will be available against which the deferred tax assets can be utilised.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to their respective period of realisation,
provided they are enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a
legally enforceable right of set off, when they relate to income taxes levied by the same tax authority and the Group intends to settle ona
net basis. Changes in deferred tax assets or liabilities are recognised as a component of tax expense in the Consolidated Statement of
Profit or Loss, except where they relate to items that are charged or credited in other comprehensive income or directly to equity, in
which case the related deferred tax is also charged or credited directly to equity, or to other comprehensive income.

Current or deferred taxation assets and liabilities are not discounted.

(k) Property, plant and equipment

Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any provision for impairment. The cost includes the
purchase price as well as expenditure directly attributable to put the asset in place and order to be used in accordance with the purpose
of the acquisition.

Assets are depreciated to a residual value on a straight-line basis, over their estimated useful lives as follows:

Asset class Useful life

Computers, furniture and other 310 6 years

Leasehold improvements Over the shorter of their useful economic life or the lease term
Property right-of-use assets Over the contractual lease term

The loss to reduce the carrying amount of any assets that are impaired is recognised within the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
and reversed if there are indications that the need for impairment is no longer present. The carrying amount of an item of property, plant
and equipment is derecognised from the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position at disposal or when no future economic benefits
are expected from the use or disposal of the asset.

‘The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of
any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

139


===== page 142 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

(1) Intangible assets

Customer relationship intangible assets

Customer relationship intangible assets acquired from a business combination are initially recognised at cost. The cost of intangible assets
acquired in a business combination is their fair value at the date of acquisition. Following the initial recognition, intangible assets are
carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses.

Intangible assets are annually assessed for impairment when there are indicators of impairment.

Amortisation is calculated using the straight-line method, to allocate the depreciable amount of the assets to their residual values over their
estimated useful lives up to 7 years. The amortisation is included within “Depreciation and amortisation expense” in the Consolidated
Statement of Profit or Loss.

Computer software
Acquired computer software licenses are capitalised on the basis of the costs incurred to acquire and bring to use the specific software.
Software recognised as an asset is carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses.

Software-as-a-Service ("SaaS") contracts are only classified as intangible assets when the recognition criteria are fulfilled; otherwise they
are classified as service contracts, for which costs are expensed as incurred.

Capitalised computer software is amortised over its estimated useful economic lives up to 5 years.

(m) Business combinations and goodwill

Business combinations are accounted for by applying the acquisition method. The cost of a business combination is the fair value of the
consideration given, liabilities incurred or assumed and of equity instruments issued. Costs attriburable to the business combination are
expensed in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.

On acquisition of a business, fair values are attributed to the identifiable assets, liabilities, and contingent liabilities. Intangible assets are
only recognised separately from goodwill where they are separable and arise from contractual or other legal rights. Where the fair value
of contingent liabilities cannot be reliably measured, they are disclosed on the same basis as other contingent liabilities.

Contingent consideration is recognised at the acquisition date. It is classified as a financial liability and subsequently remeasured to fair
value, with changes in fair value recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.

Goodwill recognised represents the excess of the fair value of the purchase consideration over the fair values to the Group's interest in
the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities acquired.

Goodwill is assessed for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate potential impairment
loss. Any identified impairment is charged to the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss. No reversals of impairment are recognised.
Impairment triggers could include the loss of a fund management contract or a failure to raise a new fund.

‘Third party interest arises when the Group’s interest only constitutes a poition of the total with the remaining portion being profit share
that the Group owes the other related parties. The profit share is calculated based on a contractually defined and pre-agreed percentage
which is set out within relevant limited partnership agreements. The Group has considered factors such as the substance of the legal
contractual agreement and the lack of discretion the Group has regarding the residual payments to third parties. Therefore, third party
interest is classified as a financial liability and measured at fair value through profit and loss with the corresponding assets being
measured at fair value.

(n) Financial instruments

Financial assets

The Group’s financial assets consist of fund investments, investments made by Collateralised Loan Obligations (“CLOs”) consolidated by
the Group, derivative financial instruments, other investments, accounts receivable and other receivables, and cash and cash equivalents.

‘The Company's financial assets consist of accounts receivable and other receivables, derivative financial instruments, cash and cash
equivalents.

140


===== page 143 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

1) Recognition and measurement
A financial asset is recognised when the Group or Company becomes party to the contractual provisions of the instrument, which is
generally on trade date.

The Group's financial assets are initially classified into one of three measurement categories. The classification depends on how the asset
is managed (business model) and the characteristics of the asset’s contractual cash flows. The measurement categories for financial assets
are as follows:

~ fair value through profit or loss;
- fair value through other comprehensive income; and
- amortised cost.

2) Fair value through profit or loss

‘The Group's fund investments and the majority of the consolidated CLO assets are measured at fair value through profit or loss as such
assets are held for investment returns. Gains or losses arising from changes in fair value are recognised through fair value remeasurement
of investments within the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss along with interest received on the consolidated CLO assets.
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are recognised when the Group enters into contracts with counterparties.

Derivative financial instruments are initially measured at fair value determined using independent third-party valuations or quoted
market prices on the date on which the derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently measured at fair value at each reporting
date. The accounting policy for derivative financial instruments is further discussed in the derivative instruments and hedge accounting
section below. Prior to their settlement, derivatives are carried as a financial asset when the fair value is positive and as a financial
liability when fair value is negative.

3) Amortised cost
Financial assets are measured at amortised cost only if both of the following criteria are met:

~ the asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect the contractual cash flows; and
~ the contractual terms give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

The Group's trade and other receivables are short-term receivables relating to non-financing transactions and are therefore subsequently
measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method. Receivables due in more than one year are initially discounted to
their present value using an equivalent rate of interest that would be due on borrowings. The discount is released over time to the
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.

Amounts receivable for sales of consolidated CLO assets awaiting settlement are measured at amortised cost and recognised at the point
at which the CLO has a contractual right to exchange cash.

The Group accounts for regular way amortised cost financial instruments using trade date accounting,
Cash and cash equivalents and term deposits with original maturities of more than three months are measured at amortised cost.

4) Impairment
Expected credit losses are calculated on financial assets measured at amortised cost and are recognised within the Consolidated
Statement of Profit or Loss. For trade and other receivables (including lease receivables) the Group and Company apply the simplified
approach and the practical expedient permitted by IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”. The allowance is based on historic experience of
collection rates over the expected life of trade receivables, adjusted for forward looking factors specific to each counterparty and the
economic environment at large, to create an expected loss matrix .

5) Derecognition

A financial asset is derecognised when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or when the Group or Company
transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash flows in a transaction in which substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of
the financial asset are transferred. On derecognition of a financial asset in its entirety, the difference between the asset's carrying value
amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.

141


===== page 144 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

Financial liabilities
1) Fair value through profit or loss
Derivative financial liabilities are initially recognised and subsequently measured at fair value at each reporting date.

‘The majority of liabilities of CLOs consolidated by the Group are designated as financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit
or loss. Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss related to CLOs are initially recognised and subsequently measured at fair
value on a recurring basis with gains or losses arising from changes in fair value recognised through the fair value remeasurement of
investments line within the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss along with interest paid on the CLO financial liabilities. The effect
of the Group's own credit risk on liabilities of the consolidated CLOs is not recognised in other comprehensive income as the effect
would create an accounting mismatch in profit or loss.

Deferred contingent consideration payable relating to business combinations is measured at fair value through profit or loss with gains or
losses from fair value remeasurement recognised in finance and other income.

CLO repurchase agreements and other amounts payable to related party investors which represent the residual profits due to third party
investors are held at fair value through profit and loss with the corresponding assets being measured at fair value.

2) Amortised cost
Borrowings are initially recognised as the amount of cash received from the lender, less separately incurred transaction costs. They are
subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method.

Amounts payable for purchases of consolidated CLO assets awaiting settlement are measured at amortised cost and recognised at the
point at which the CLO has a contractual obligation ro exchange cash.

3) Derecognition
‘The Group and Company derecognise financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group's or Company’s obligations are discharged,
cancelled or expire.

Derivative instruments and hedge accounting

For derivatives designated as a hedging instrument in cash flow hedges, during the hedging relationship the effective portion of the fair
value movements on the hedging instrument is recognised in other comprehensive income and within other reserves within equity. Any
ineffective portion is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a gain or loss within finance and other income or expenses. If the hedged
item does not lead to the recognition of a non-financial asset or liability, accumulated amounts recognised in equity are reclassified to
profit or loss when the hedged future cash flows affect profit or loss. If the hedged item subsequently results in the recognition of a
non-financial asset or liability, the accumulated amounts in equity are removed from equity and incorporated directly as a basis
adjustment to the carrying amount.

For derivatives that are not designated as cash flow hedges, all fair value movements are recognised in the Consolidated Statement of
Profit or Loss. Where a derivative relates to a hedge of investments in foreign currencies, the profit or loss on the revaluation of the
hedging instrument is recognised together with the investment returns in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.

(o) Investment in subsidiaries

Investments in subsidiaries in the Company Statement of Financial Position are recorded at cost less provision for impairments. All
transactions between the Company and its subsidiary undertakings are classified as related party transactions for the Company accounts
and are eliminated on consolidation for the Group.

(p) Investments in associates
Associates are entities such as funds or carried interest partnerships in which the Group has an investment and over which it has
significant influence, but not control, through participation in the financial and operating policy decisions.

‘The investments in associates are designated at fair value through profit or loss. The investments are recorded at fair value of fund
investment or carried interest receivable within the Group Consolidated Statement of Financial Position. Any gains or losses are
recognised within fair value remeasurement of investments in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.

142


===== page 145 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts. Financial statements

(q) Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash in hand and call deposits, and other short-term highly liquid investments including term
deposits with original maturities of three months or less and money market funds which are readily convertible to.a known amount of
cash and are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.

CLO cash is cash held by CLO vehicles consolidated by the Group and is not available for the Group's other operating activities. Term
deposits with original maturities of three months are not included in cash equivalents and are presented separately on the Consolidated
and Company Statement of Financial Position.

(x) Dividends

Dividends and other distributions to the Company's shareholders are recognised in the period in which the dividends and other
distributions are declared and, if relevant, approved by the shareholders. These amounts are recognised in the Statement of Changes in
Equity.

(s) Own shares

Own shares are recorded by the Group when ordinary shares are purchased through special purpose vehicles which have the purpose of
purchasing and holding shares of the Company from employees who have left the employment of the Group or for other reasons. The
special purpose vehicles include Atlantic SAV Limited, Atlantic SAV 2 Limited and the Bridgepoint Group plc Employee Benefit Trust.
‘These entities are aggregated together within the financial statements of the Company and are consolidated within the Group financial
statements.

Own shares are held at cost and their purchase reduces the Group's net assets by the amount spent. They are recognised as a deduction
from retained earnings.

‘When shares vest or are cancelled, they are transferred from own shares to the retained earnings reserve at their weighted average cost.

No gain or loss is recognised on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company’s own shares.

3 Critical judgements in the application of accounting policies and key sources of estimation

uncertainty

‘The judgements and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the reporting date, which may have a significant risk of causing a
material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are summarised below. The Group's
estimates and assumptions are based on historical experience and expectation of future events and are reviewed periodically. The actual
outcome may be materially different from that anticipated.

(a) Judgements

Consolidation of fund investments

The Directors have considered whether the Group should consolidate investments in funds into the results of the Group. Control is
determined by the extent of decision-making authority, rights held by other parties, remuneration and exposure to returns.

The Directors have assessed the legal nature of the relationships between the Group, the relevant fund and fund investors and have
determined that as the manager, the Group has the power to influence the returns generated by the fund, but that the Group's interests
typically represent only a small proportion of the total capital within each fund (c. 2% of commitments). The Directors have therefore
concluded that the Group acts as an agent which is primarily engaged to act on behalf, and for the benefit, of the fund investors rather
than act for its own benefit.

Bridgepoint funds are not consolidated into the results of the Group.

Consolidation of CLOs

‘The Group holds investments in the senior and subordinated notes of CLOs that it manages, predominantly driven by risk-retention
regulations. As the Group has power as the asset manager to impact the returns of the vehicles, the level of exposure to variable returns
from its involvement as an investor in the notes requires assessment to whether this indicates that the Group has a principal or agent
relationship and therefore whether the CLO should be consolidated under IFRS 10 “Consolidated Financial Statements”. The
subordinated notes of CLOs are the tranche that is most exposed to the risk of portfolio assets failing to pay as they are the first to absorb
any losses. As a result, the Group’s consideration of exposure to variable returns focuses on its interest in the equity tranches.

143


===== page 146 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

Notes to the. consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

‘The assets and liabilities of the CLO are held within separate legal entities and, as a result, the liabilities of the CLO are non-recourse to
the Group. The consolidation of the CLO results in a significant gross-up on the Group’s assets and liabilities, which is shown gross on
the face of the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position and Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows as separate lines but has no net
effect on the profit or loss or net assets. Details of the assets and liabilities are included in notes 16 and 17 and a non-statutory and
unaudited Consolidated Statement of Financial Position and Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows excluding the consolidation of CLOs
is included on pages 194 and 195 respectively.

Bridgepoine interest in Bridgepoint share
Name of CLOs the subordinated notes ‘efCLO Consolidation treatment at YE23_ Nature of the entity

Bridgepoint CLO 1 DAC 55.2% 5.0% Consolidated Subordinated notes in the residual class
Bridgepoint CLO 2 DAC 5.0% 5.0% Not consolidated Subordinated notes in the residual class
Bridgepoint CLO 3 DAC 51.0% 8.9% Consolidated Subordinated notes in the residual class
Bridgepoint CLO 1V DAC 61.0% 7.0% Consolidated Subordinated notes in the residual class
Bridgepoint CLO V DAC 51.8% 5.1% Consolidated Subordinated notes in the residual class
Bridgepoint CLO VI DAC 50.0% 50.0% Consolidated Warehouse entity

‘The Group consolidates Bridgepoint CLO 1 DAC (“CLO 1”), Bridgepoint CLO 3 DAC (“CLO 3”), Bridgepoint CLO IV DAC (“CLO 4”)
and Bridgepoint CLO V DAC ("CLO 5”) as the Group has exposure to variable returns as an investor in the subordinated notes. The
Group holds the majority of the subordinated notes in CLO 1, CLO 3, CLO 4 and CLO 5 and the Directors have therefore concluded
that the Group acts as principal and should consolidate. The construction of Bridgepoint CLO VI DAC (“CLO 6") commenced during
the year and remained in warehousing as at 31 December 2023. As the Group held a majority interest in the warehouse equity, the
Group also fully consolidates CLO 6.

Bridgepoint CLO 2 DAC (“CLO 2”) is not consolidated in the financial statements of the Group at 31 December 2023 as the Group's
exposure to variable returns is only 5% of the subordinated notes.

The Group designates the amounts attributable to the third-party investors as financial liabilities at fair value through profit and loss.

Consolidation of Carried Interest Partnerships

Asa fund manager to its private equity and credit funds, the Group participates in Carried Interest Partnerships (“CIP”), the participants
of which are the Group, certain Group employees and others connected to the underlying fund. These vehicles have two purposes: to.
facilitate payments of carried interest from the fund to carried interest participants, and to facilitate individual co-investment into the
funds.

The Directors have undertaken a control assessment of each CIP in accordance with IFRS 10 “Consolidated Financial Statements” to
consider whether they should consolidate the CIP.

‘The Directors have considered the contractual nature of the relationships between the relevant fund, the CIP and the CIP participants.
‘The purpose and design of the CIP and the carry rights in the fund are generally determined at the outset by the fund’s limited
partnership agreement (“LPA”) which requires investor agreement and incentivises individuals to enhance performance of the
underlying fund in line with investor expectations.

‘The Group has limited power over the Adjudication Committees of the CIP, which makes decisions about allocation of the carried
interest, but these powers do not give the Group control.

In addition, the Directors have also considered the variability of returns of the CIPs. The variable returns are shared between the carried
interest participants and the Group is exposed to limited variable recurns of below 50%.

The Directors concluded that the Group does not control the CIP because of the predetermined contractual nature of the CIP, the
Group's limited powers over the Adjudication Committees and limited exposure to the variable returns of the CIP. However, when the
Group has a share of 20% or more of the rights to the carried interest, the Group is considered to have significant influence and in this
case the CIP is accounted for as an associate. Details of the associates are set out within note 28 (d).

Consolidation of employee share partnership

On listing, the founder employee shareholders created a separate ring-fenced vehicle, Burgundy Investments Holdings LP (the
“Burgundy Parmership”). The Burgundy Partnership is a pool of assets, comprising the Company’s shares. The shares were contributed
by founder employee shareholders electing to donate a portion of their shares to the partnership. This pool is ring-fenced for allocation
to current and future partners in the business, as a means of allowing them to build a meaningful long-term shareholding in Bridgepoint
and reflect the opportunities that previous partners were offered.

144


===== page 147 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

The existing employee shareholders prior to listing, and certain employee partners, will wholly own the interest in the
Burgundy Partnership.

‘The Group does not have any direct economic interest in the Burgundy Partnership, and awards of new points to existing and furure
employees will be made by the Advisory Committee of the Burgundy Partnership, which is made up of some of the largest founder
employee shareholders. As such, the Group does not have power over the allocation of the points and to affect those returns through
its power.

The Directors have considered the requirements of IFRS 10 “Consolidated Financial Statements” to determine whether they should
consolidate the Burgundy Partnership. As the Group does not have power over the Burgundy Partnership and no exposure to variable
returns from its involvement with the Burgundy partnership, the Directors have concluded that the Burgundy Partnership should not be
consolidated.

(b) Estimates

Recognition and measurement of carried interest revenue

Carried interest revenue is only recognised to the extent it is highly probable that there would not be a significant reversal of any
accumulated revenue recognised on the completion of a fund.

In determining the amount of revenue to be recognised the Group is required to make assumptions and estimates when determining 1)
whether or not revenue should be recognised and 2) the timing and measurement of such amounts.

‘The Group bases its assessment on the best available information pertaining to the funds and the activity of the underlying assets within
that fund. This includes the current fund valuation and internal forecasts on the expected timing and disposal of fund assets.

For private equity funds, the constraints on estimating the revenue are incorporated through the application of discounts of 15% to 40%
(2022: 30% to 50%) to the unrealised fair values of investments where the cumulative value of the distributions to investors and
unrealised fair value of investments of a fund exceeds the relevant carried interest hurdle (being the contractual minimum return for
fand investors).

For credit funds, which are more sensitive to the performance of individual investments within the portfolio, only funds that have either
reached their hurdle or are expected to do so imminently are modelled on the same basis.

The discount applied for each fund depends on the stage and maturity profile of each fund, and therefore recognises the de-risking of the
income over time, taking into account diversity of assets, whether there has been a recent market correction (and whether this has been
already factored into the valuation of the fund) and the expected average remaining holding period. Reasons for a higher discount may
include where the fund has not yet completed its construction, has not yet returned its original capital commitments and there is the
potential for the hurdle to grow further, or there is a higher level of perceived risk (fund specific or macro-economic). Reasons for a lower
discount include where a fund has returned its capital commitments and the hurdle has stopped or where the fund has already started to
pay carry. The levels of discounts applied are reassessed annually.

‘The weighted average discount at 31 December 2023 to the notional carried interest due to the Group based on unrealised fair value of
investments in relevant funds is 51% (2022: 62%) resulting in a carried interest receivable of £67.3m (2022: £42.0m). If the same
weighted average discount of 62% from 2022 had been applied to the notional carried interest receivable at 31 December 2023, the
carried interest receivable asset would be £53.0m.

If the average discount was to increase by 10% this would reduce carried interest income by £13.2m. If the average discount was to
decrease by 10% this would increase carried interest income by £13.2m.

145


===== page 148 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

Valuation of fund investments at fair value
Fund investments at fair value consist of investments in private equity and credic funds. The investments are fair valued using the net
asset value of each fund, determined by the fund manager. These funds are invested into direct and indirect equity and debt investments.

Portfolio assets within each fund are stated at fair value as determined in good faith by the fund manager in accordance with the terms of
the LPA of each fund and the International Private Equity and Venture Capital Valuation Guidelines ("IPEV”) and are reviewed and
approved by the relevant Bridgepoint Valuation Committee. The valuations provided by the fund manager typically reflect the fair value
of the Group's proportionate share of the capital account balance of each investment as at the reporting date or the latest available date

‘The market approach is typically used for the valuation of the assets held by the funds. This comprises valuation techniques such as
market comparable companies and multiples. A market comparable approach uses quoted market prices or third-party quotes for similar
instruments to determine the fair value of a financial asset. A multiples approach can be used in the valuation of less liquid securities,
which typically form the majoricy of assets within a private equity or credit fund.

Comparable companies and multiples techniques assume that the valuation of unquoted direct investments can be assessed by
comparing performance measure multiples of similar quoted assets for which observable market prices are readily available. Comparable
public companies are selected based on factors such as industry, size, stage of development and strategy. The most appropriate
performance measure for determining the valuation of the relevant investment is selected (which may include EBITDA, price/earnings
ratios for earnings or price/book ratios for book values). Trading multiples for each comparable company identified are calculated by
dividing the value of the comparable company by the defined performance measure. The relevant trading multiples might be subject to
adjustment for general qualitative differences such as liquidity, growth rate or quality of customer base between the valued direct
investment and the group of comparable companies. The fair value of the direct investment is determined by applying the relevant
adjusted trading multiple to the identified performance measure of the valued company. Where available, valuation techniques use
market-observable assumptions and inputs. If such information is not available, inputs may be derived by reference to similar assets and
active markets, from recent prices for comparable transactions or from other observable market data. When measuring fair value, the
fund manager selects the non-market-observable inputs to be used in its valuation techniques based on a combination of historical
experience, deviation of input levels based upon similar investments with observable price levels and knowledge of current market
conditions and valuation approaches.

Within its valuation techniques the fund manager typically uses different unobservable input factors. Significant unobservable inputs
include EBITDA multiples (based on budget/forward-looking EBITDA or historical EBITDA of the issuer and EBITDA multiples of
comparable listed companies for an equivalent period), discount rates, price/earnings ratios and enterprise value/sales multiples. The
fund manager also considers the original transaction prices, recent transactions in the same or similar instruments and completed third
party transactions in comparable instruments and adjusts the model as deemed necessary.

‘The fund manager takes into account ESG related factors such as climate change into the valuation of investments and, to the extent
necessary, makes adjustments to earnings arid multiples where demand or costs for a portfolio company could be impacted. Further
narrative on how ESG impacts our investment process can be found in the Strategic Report on pages 42 to 47.

Debt instruments may be valued using the market approach, independent loan pricing sources or at amortised cost, which requires the
determination of the effective interest rate from a number of inputs, including an estimation of the expected maturity of each loan.

Due to the level of unobservable inputs within the determination of the valuation of individual assets within each fund, and no
observable price for each investment in a fund, fund investments at fair value are classified as level 3 financial assets under IFRS 13
“Fair Value Measurement”.

‘Further detail on the valuation methodologies, inputs and the number of fund investments valued using each technique, along with a
sensitivity analysis of the impact of a change in the fair value of fund investments is included within note 19 (d) and (e).

Valuation of CLO assets and liabilities

‘The consolidated CLO assets consisting of loans are valued using independent loan pricing sources. To the extent that the significant
inputs are observable, the Group categorises these investments as level 2. The valuation methodology for the Group’s investment in the
various notes of CLOs is based upon discounted cash flow models with unobservable market data inputs, such as asset coupons, constant
annual default rates, prepayment rates, reinvestment rates, recovery rates and discount rates and they are therefore considered level 3
financial assets.

146


===== page 149 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

The consolidated CLO liabilities consisting of the notes issued to third-party investors are valued in line with the fair value of the CLOs’
loan asset portfolios. The CLO designated activiry vehicles which are consolidated are set up to distribute all proceeds generated from
the assets of the CLO to the note holders of the CLO and thus the entity itself does not generate any residual profit. The valuations of
the consolidated liabilities are therefore measured at par and are adjusted in order to match the value of the asset portfolio, with any
adjustment applied to the note liabilities in order of ascending seniority.

The Group's investments in CLO notes of consolidated CLO vehicles are eliminated based on the valuation of the investments as
determined by the discounted cash flow models as described above. A sensitivity analysis has been included within note 19 (e).

Measurement of intangible assets, useful lives and impairment
A customer relationship asset was recognised following the Group's acquisition of EQT Credit in October 2020, to reflect the value of
current investor relationships to the Group in the future.

At the time of the acquisition, the cost of the acquired customer relationship was measured at fair value by discounting estimated
contractual future cash flows over a period in which the customer was expected to remain invested within the Group's funds. Key
assumptions in the model included forecast earnings for 2021 to 2025, a growth rate applied from 2025 onwards which was based upon
the long-term operating plan for the business, an investor reinvestment rate from one fund to another, and a pre-tax discount rate of
10.5% which was calculated by using comparable company information.

The useful life of the intangible assets arising from this transaction has been determined as seven years, which represents the period over
which the net present value of cash flows from the acquired customer relationships reduce to nil.

The customer relationship asset is assessed for impairment when there are indicators of impairment. Such indicators would include
fundraising being lower than targets. No impairment has been identified.

Goodwill is assessed for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate potential impairment
loss. Goodwill arose from the acquisition of EQT Credit. It is the Group’s judgement that the lowest level of cash generating unit ("CGU")
used to determine impairment is the credit business segment for the purposes of monitoring and assessing goodwill for impairment. In
performing the impairment test, management prepares a calculation of the recoverable amount of the goodwill, using the value-in-use
approach and compares this to the carrying value. In order to validate this, a value-in-use forecast based on approved budgets has been
prepared by management to compare the forecast of the Credit business segment to the carrying amount of the goodwill. Key
assumptions in the forecast include forecast earnings for 2024 to 2028 (2022: 2023 to 2027), including new fundraising, and a pre-tax
discount rate of 16.1% (2022: 15.0%), which was calculated by using comparable company information.

A sensitivity analysis of goodwill and the intangible asset has been included within note 14.

4 Operating segments

Operating segments are the components of the Group whose results are regularly reviewed by the Group's chief operating decision
maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance.

‘The Executive Directors are considered to be the chief operating decision maker of the Group, which is divided into operating segments
based on how key management reviews and evaluates the operation and performance of the business.

‘The Group’s operations are divided into two groups, the Core business, consisting of the Private Equity and Private Credit fund
management and associated Central support, and Other. Other includes the Group’s procurement consulting business, PEPCO Services
LLP, and costs relating to strategic projects.

The Group's core operations are divided into two business segments: Private Equity and Private Credit. The operations of both business
segments consist of providing investment management services to the relevant funds and their investors. The investment management
services comprise identification and structuring of new investments, the monitoring of investments and the sale and exit from
investments. The two business segments are supported by the Central support functions which include investor relations, head office,
finance, human resources, IT and marketing,

Segmental income and profit before tax analysis

‘The Executive Directors assess the operating segments based on the line items below, primarily on operating income and underlying
EBITDA. The EBITDA for each segment, together with depreciation and amortisation and net finance and other income or expenses,
forms profit before tax. Depreciation, finance and other income, finance and other expenses, exceptional irems and the share-based
payment expenses excluded from underlying EBITDA are not allocated to operating segments and are included in the Group total.

147


===== page 150 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

Group

Private Equity Private Credit Central Total Core Total Other Total Group
Year ended 31 December 2023 fm £m £m =m £m £m
Management and other fees 205.0 56.5 3.8 265.3 - 265.3
Carried interest 30.0 - - 30.0 - 30.0
Fair value remeasurement of investments 17.3 8.0 - 25.3 - 25.3
Other operating income 0.2 - - 0.2 08 1.0
Total operating income 252.5 64.5 3.8 320.8 0.8 321.6
Personnel expenses (69.3) (21.3) (36.0) (126.6) (1.0) (127.6);
Other operating expenses (18.3) (8.8) (18.0) (45.1) (0.1) (45.2))
Underlying EBITDA (excluding exceptional expenses
and certain share-based payment expenses) 164.9 34.4 (50.2) 149.1 (03) 148.8
Exceptional expenses (47.7):
Certain excluded share-based payment expenses (4.0)|
EBITDA 97.1
Depreciation and amortisation (18.7);
Finance and other income and expenses 16
Profit before tax 86.01
Group

(Restared) (Restated) ©—_(Restated)

Private Equity Private Credit ‘Central Total Core Total Other ‘Total Group:
Year ended 31 December 2022 £m £m =m £m £m £m
Management and other fees 187.8 50.8 29 241.5 - 2415
Carried interest 24.2 - - 24.2 - 24.2
Fair value remeasurement of investments 32.1 86 - 40.7 - 40.7
Other operating income 02 - - 02 08 1.0
Total operating income 244.3 594 29 306.6 08 307.4
Personnel expenses (67.6) (21.2) (35.9) (124.7) (1.1) (125.8)
Other operating expenses (16.2) (8.4) (17.6) (42.2) (0.2) (42.4)
Underlying EBITDA* (excluding exceptional
expenses) 160.5 29.8 (50.6) 139.7 (0.5) 139.2
Exceptional expenses (3.2)
EBITDA* 136.0
Depreciation and amortisation (18.3)
Finance and other income and expenses* 97
Profit before tax 127.4

* 2022 finance and other income and expenses, EBITDA and Underlying EBITDA have been restated to include or exclude non-operating foreign exchange gains and losses.

Geographical analysis and customer concentrations

‘The Group's income from funds is earned from funds entirely domiciled within Europe. The Group's operating expenses are incurred in
the locations where the Group has offices in identifying and supporting portfolio companies which are unconnected to the domicile of
the fund or the location of the fund investors. Therefore, the Group’s operating results cannot be analysed in a meaningful way by

geography.

No single fund investor constitutes more than 10% of assets under management.

148


===== page 151 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial statements

Assets and liabilities analysis

The Group's Consolidated Statement of Financial Position is managed as a single unit rather than by segment. The only distinction for
the business segments relates to the Group's investments in funds, carried interest receivable and other investments, which can be split
between Private Equiry and Private Credit (further split between investments attributable to the Group and to third party investors).

Group
2023 2022
fm £m
Investments:
Private Equity 260.9 241.3
Private Equity - other investments 75 -
Private Credit (assets attributable to the Group) “121.6 769
Private Credit (CLO assets attributable to third-party investors) 1,267.7 696.1
Total investments 1,657.71 1,014.3
Carried interest receivable:
Private Equity 64.7 39.4
Private Credit 2.6 2.6
Total carried interest receivable 1 67.34 42.0

5 Operating income

Operating income primarily comprises management and other fees, carried interest income and investment income from the

management of, and investment in, private equity and credit fund partnerships.

Management and other fees

Management and other fees are presented net of the profit or loss impact of the settlement of foreign exchange hedging used to limit the

volatility of foreign exchange on fees earned in euros.

Group
(2023 2022

im =m

Management and other fees before sectlement of foreign exchange hedges 264.2 239.1
Settlement of foreign exchange hedges 11 24
Total management and other fees 265.31 2415

Carried interest

‘The amount of carried interest recognised in operating income and the carrying value of the related asset is sensitive to the fair value of
unrealised investments within each fund. The reversal risk in carried interest income, which is accounted for under IFRS 15 “Revenue
from Contracts with Customers”, is managed through the application of discounts of 15% to 50% to the fair value of the fund

investments and the later recognition of carried interest relating to credit funds.
A sensitivity analysis of the average discount rate on the carried interest income is included in note 3 (b).

Note 19 (e) includes a sensitivity analysis for co-investment valuations and the impact on profit or loss.

149


===== page 152 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

Fair value remeasurement of investments
Fair value remeasurement of investments consists of net changes in the fair value of the Group's investments in private equity and credit
funds.

Fair value remeasurement of investments is presented net of the profit or loss impact of the remeasurement of foreign exchange hedging
used to limit the volatility of foreign exchange on investment income earned in euros.

Group
| 2023 2022
£m fm
Fair value remeasurement of investments before remeasurement of foreign exchange hedges 23.8 47.0
Remeasurement of foreign exchange hedges 15 (6.3)
Fair value remeasurement of investments | 25.3 40.7

Fair value remeasurement of investments includes the remeasurement of the fair value of investments in CLOs which are fully
consolidated by the Group. The CLO investment expense is the amount of investment income due to third-party note holders who have
invested in the CLOs which are fully consolidated by the Group.

Group
2023 2022
=m £m
CLO investment income 66.7 149
CLO investment expense (58.5) (13.0)
CLO investment income, net 8.21 19

The table above excludes the fair value remeasurement of sale and repurchase arrangements of the Group’s interests in CLOs 2 and 3.
Further details are set out in note 17 (d).

6 Personnel expenses
‘Aggregate personnel expenses (including Directors’ remuneration) in each year were as follows:

Grow

2023 2022

£m £m

Wages and bonuses 95.7 97.6
Social security 19.2 16.1
Pensions 19 2.0
Share-based payments 45 04
Other employee expenses 11.2 10.8
Total personnel expenses ] 132.51 126.9

Total personnel expenses include £0.9m (2022: £1.1m) of exceptional expenses, and accordingly are excluded from the calculation of
underlying profitabiliry measures. See note 8 for further details

a) Share-based payments

The total charge to the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss for the year was £4.5m (2022: £0.4m) and this was credited to the
share-based payments reserve in equity for an equity-settled award or recognised as a liability for a cash-settled award. £4,0m of the total
share-based payment expenses are excluded from underlying metrics for the redsons explained in the APMs definitions on page 51

A3 share award

In June 2021, the Company issued A3 ordinary shares of £0.01 nominal value to certain employees for consideration of £1.50 per
share. The A3 shares would vest on the fifth anniversary of their issue provided that the shareholder remained an employee throughout
this period. As part of the Company's share reorganisation, the A3 shares were converted into ordinary shares. The fair value of the share
issued was calculated as £3.96 per share as was determined by a third-party valuation. The expenses relating to the A3 shares are
included in underlying profitabiliry measures.

150


===== page 153 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

A3 Share Award A3 Share Award (£ per share)
Group and Company I 2023 | 2022 2023 2022
Opening 528,975 | 602,000 3.96 3.96
Vested (56,550) (60,200) ‘3.96 3.96
Forfeited (32,025); (12,825) 3.96 3.96
Outstanding at year end J 440,4001 528,975 | 3.961 3.96

Long-term incentive plans

‘Awards under new long-term incentive plan (“LTIP”) were granted to qualifying employees on 31 March 2023. The total fair value of
the awards on the grant date was estimated at £5.6m. The Group will settle the awards, vesting over the period 30 June 2023 to

31 March 2025, either in the Company’s shares or with an equivalent cash payment where local laws restrict the grant of shares in
foreign corporations, with no consideration paid by the participants. As the LTIP awards vest subject to the achievement of certain
service conditions, namely continued employment in the Group, they are accounted for as either equity-settled or cash-settled share-
based payment transactions under the Group's accounting policy in line with IFRS 2 “Share-based Payment”. The scheme was
implemented to increase employee ownership in the Group for a targeted group of employees post-IPO. The awards are not considered
an alternative to cash-based compensation, are not included in the cost-base when considering operating segment performance and will
cease to be a reconciling item once the awards issued as part of the strategy are fully vested.

Weighted average fair value

Number of shares per share granted (£)
Group and Company i 20231 2022 2023 | 2022
Rights outstanding at beginning of the period - - N/A N/A
Granted 2,619,773 - 2.15 -
Granted - dividend equivalents 75,571 - 217 -
Forfeited (91,298) - 247 -
Forfeited - dividend equivalents (1,225), - 2.17 -
Vested (730,302), - 2.47 -
Vested - dividend equivalents (13,171); - 2.17 -
Rights outstanding (unvested) at the end of the period T 1,859,348 1 - 2.141 =

Restricted Share Plan

On 31 March 2023, a Director of the Company was granted a conditional share award of 114,953 shares at a value of £2.17 per share,
with total value £250,000, vesting on 31 March 2026. This was in addition to an award of the same value made on 31 March 2022.
‘The restricted share plan is a constituent part of the total compensation for directors of the Company and so is considered an alternative
to cash-based compensation. As such, the cost for the year of £0.2m is included in underlying profiability measures.

b) Other employee expenses
Other employee expenses include insurance, healthcare, training and recruitment costs.

Staff numbers :
‘The monthly average number of persons, including Directors, employed by the Group during the year split by geography was as follows:

Group

2023 2022

No. No.

UK nel 221
Other 152 145
Total 3781 366

‘The Company has five employees (2022: four).

151


===== page 154 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

7 Other operating expenses

Other operating expenses include expenditure on IT, travel and legal and professional fees. Other operating expenses also include fees
paid to the auditors for the audir of the Group and relevant subsidiary financial statements and other fees for other services.

In 2023, exceptional expenses of £46.8m are included in the Group's other operating expenses. Further details provided in note 8 (b).
Expenditure relating to low-value asset leases is required to be disclosed separately and is set out below.

a) Auditor’s remuneration
During the year, the Company and the Group received the following services from its external auditor, Mazars LLP. The table below sets
out fees earned by Mazars LLP in relation to the year ended 31 December 2023.

Group
2023 2022
. fm £m
Audit fees
Fees payable to the external auditor for the audit of the Company and the consolidated financial statements 05 0.5
Fees payable to the external auditor for the audit of the accounts of the Company's consolidated subsidiaries “09 09
Total audit fees 14 14
Non-audit fees
Audit-related assurance services 0.2 0.2
Other non-audit services 03 -
Total non-audit fees 1 05 0.2
Total auditor’s remuneration : 191 16
b) Low-value asset leases
Group
| 2023 2022
£m £m
Expense relating to low-value asset leases |
Low-value asset leases 04 03

8 Exceptional items

Exceptional items in the year ended 31 December 2023 principally relate to costs associated with the Group’s acquisition of EQT Credit
and costs incurred in relation to the acquisition of Energy Capital Partners Holdings LP and affiliated entities ("ECP"). Exceptional other
income relates to the remeasurement and revaluation of the EQT deferred consideration payable.

Group.

| 2023 2022

£m £m
Personnel expenses (0.9); (1.1)
Other operating expenses “_ (46.8); (2.1)
Total exceptional expenses within EBITDA (47.7) (3.2)

Finance and other expenses _ =
Total exceptional expenses (47.7); (3.2)

Group

2023 2022

£m £m

Finance and other income 69 13.6

Total exceptional income 69 13.6

a) Exceptional personnel expenses

In 2023 and 2022, exceptional personnel expenses include deferred transaction related bonuses and associated social security costs from
the acquisition of EQT Credit in 2020. Specific bonus payments payable to employees in relation to the EQT acquisition are exceptional
as such awards were only granted once. ‘Ihe awards incentivise employees to align their goals with those of the business through being
awarded over multiple periods, hence such expenses will continue to be recognised until 2025

152


===== page 155 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

b) Exceptional other operating expenses

In 2023, exceptional other operating expenses include costs incurred in relation to the acquisition of ECP. Costs include completion fees
for the sponsoring banks on the transaction, structuring and other accounting and tax advisory costs, documentation costs and costs
associated with the preparation of the shareholder circular in respect of the ECP transaction and audit of the associated workstreams.
Such costs would have not been incurred if no transaction had taken place and therefore have been classified as exceptional. See note 30
(a) for further details of the ECP transaction.

2022 exceptional other operating expenses relate to costs incurred in relation to other potential acquisitions.

c) Exceptional other income

Exceptional other income of £6.9m (2022: £13.6m) relates to the remeasurement and revaluation of the deferred contingent
consideration payable and unwind of discount of the associated liability to EQT AB in relation to the acquisition of EQT Credit in 2020.
The deferred consideration was settled on 13 September 2023 for an amount of £9.4m or €11.0m and was based on the outcome of
certain fundraisings.

The deferred consideration payable was recognised upon acquisition and is considered exceptional as there are no similar contractual
liabilities to EQT AB. Due to the contractual arrangement underlying the deferred consideration, there have been exceptional items
related to the valuation in multiple periods.

9 Depreciation and amortisation
The following table summarises the depreciation and amortisation charge during the year.

Group
2023 2022

£m fm

Depreciation on property, plant and equipment 14.9 15.3
Amortisation of intangible assets 3.8 3.0
Total depreciation and amortisation expense 18.71 18.3

‘The charge of £3.8m includes £3.0m amortisation of customer relationship intangible assets acquired from the acquisition of EQT Credit
and £0.8m amortisation of computer software (2022: £3.0m only includes amortisation of customer relationship).

‘The amortisation of customer relationship intangible assets is excluded from the calculation of underlying profitability measures in order
to distinguish from underlying performance.

10 Net finance and other income or expenses

Group
(Restated)

2023 2022

£m £m

Interest income on term deposits 9.0 2.3
Finance income on subleases 0.7 06
Net foreign exchange gains - 11
Finance income on amounts receivable from related party investors 01 -
Other income 69 13.6
Total finance and other income 16.74 17.6
Interest expense on bank overdrafts and borrowings (1.8)! (1.3)
Interest expense on lease liabilities (3.5) GA)
Net foreign exchange losses (2.4); -
Finance expense on amounts payable to related party investors (oa) (2.3)
Other expenses (1.0); (0.9)
Total finance and other expenses t (9.0) (7.9)
Net finance and other income, including exceptional items | 7.61 97

153


===== page 156 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

a) Other income
Other income in 2023 primarily relates to the remeasurement and revaluation of the deferred contingent consideration payable and
associated unwind of discount to EQT AB of £6.9m (2022: £13.6m). Further detail is included in note 8 (c).

This income is considered exceptional income, and accordingly is excluded from the calculation of underlying profitability measures.

b) Other expenses

In 2023, other expenses of £1.0m include borrowing facility fees for a new revolving credit facility which are being amortised over the
three-year term and fees for an additional borrowing facility in connection with the ECP transaction which are being amortised for a
year. It also includes the accelerated amortisation of a previously capitalised borrowing facility fee, which related to a pre-existing facility,
and was terminated on the commencement of the new facility. Further detail is included in note 17 (c).

Other expenses of £0.9m in 2022 relate to the amortisation of a previously capitalised borrowing facility fee.
c) Finance income and expenses on amounts payable to related party investors
Finance income and expenses represent amounts due to or from related party investors in Opal Investments LP, BE VI (French) Co-

Invest LP, Maple Tree VII LP and BDC IV (French) Co-Investment LP (2022: Opal Investments LP and BE VI (French) Co-Invest LP)
under the relevant limited partnership agreement.

11 Tax expense

(a) Tax expense
Tax charged in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss:

Group
2023 2022
£m £m
Current taxation
Current tax - current year 32 34
Current tax - prior year (0.2) 04
Total current tax expense 3.0 3.8
Deferred tax
Deferred tax - current year 14.9 4.7
Deferred tax - prior year : (2.6), (1.7)
Total deferred tax expense t 12.3 3.0
Total tax expense for the year } 15.31 68

(b) Reconciliation of tax expense
The effective tax rate for the year ended 31 December 2023 is 17.8% (2022: 5.4%). The tax on profit before tax is different to the
standard rate of corporation tax in the UK of 23.5% (2022: 19.0%) primarily due to timing differences on taxation of management fee
income and tax losses carried forward in the UK due to certain forms of income that are not subject to UK corporation tax.

Grou

2023 2022

£m £m

Profit before tax . 86.0 127.4
Tax on profit before taxation at the standard rate of corporation tax in the UK of 23.5% (2022: 19.0%) 20.2 24.2
Non-taxable and non-deductible items 114 (23.7)
Adjustments regarding management fee income and investments : 25
Effect of foreign tax rates 02
Deferred tax not recognised . 5.0
Prior year adjustment (1.4)
Total tax expense for the year 68

154


===== page 157 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

(c) Tax on amounts recognised directly in other comprehensive income
‘Tax on amounts recognised in other comprehensive income relate to deferred tax timing differences on foreign exchange forward
contracts used for hedging purposes.

Group
2023 2022

=m £m

Tax on amounts recognised in other comprehensive income (2.2)1 3.3

(d) Tax losses not recognised
The Group has carried forward losses of £487.5m (2022: £498.8m) as at 31 December 2023 which have not been recognised due to the
uncertainty of future taxable profits against which the asset can be utilised.

The Group has an asset of £50.0m (2022: £33.4m) and the Company an asset of £nil (2022: £0.4m) that have been recognised where
there is an expectation that the tax losses can be utilised against future profits. See note 22 for further detail on deferred tax assets recognised.

12 Earnings per share

Grow
2023 1 2022

Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company (£ m) | 70.7 120.6
Weighted average number of ordinary shares for purposes of basic and diluted EPS (m) 808.5, 823.3
Basic and diluted earnings per share (£) 0091 0.15,

‘The adjusted earnings per share on underlying profit after tax of £118.5m (2022: £113.2m) based on the number of shares in issue at
31 December 2023 is £0.15 (2022: £0.14 on underlying profit after tax of £113.2m based on the number of shares in issue at
31 December 2022).

The underlying profit after tax is calculated by excluding exceptional items and the amortisation of intangible assets from within profit
after tax.

‘The number of ordinary shares included in the calculation of earnings per share excludes shares held by the Group itself and those
subject to the ongoing share buyback programme. Further detail is included in note 23.

13 Property, plant and equipment

Group.
Computers,
Right-of-use Leasehold furniture and
assets improvements other Total
£m £m £m £m
Tost
Balance at 1 January 2023 731 29.8 5 1134
Foreign exchange _ (02) (0.1) (0.3)
Additions 5.0 09 23 82
Disposals (6.2) (03) 7) (7.2),
Balance at 31 December 2023 719 30.2 120 114.1]
Accumulated depreciation |
Balance at 1 January 2023 (17.6) (42) 1) 279)
Foreign exchange - 01 0.1 02)
Depreciation 6) GA) as) 4.9),
Disposals 12 03 07 22
Balance at 31 December 2023 (26.0) (7.2) (7.2) (40.4)
Carrying value at 31 December 2023 45.9 23.0 48 73.71

155


===== page 158 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

Group
‘Computers,
Right-of-use Leasehold furnicure and
assets improvements ier Total
£m m £m £m
Cost
Balance at 1 January 2022 : 714 15.2 10.8 103.4
Foreign exchange - 04 0.1 0.5
Additions 34 18.9 34 25.7
Disposals (7.7) (4.7) (3.8) (16.2)
Balance at 31 December 2022 73.1 29.8 10.5 113.4
Accumulated depreciation
Balance at 1 January 2022 (14.2) (5.6) (7.8) (27.6)
Foreign exchange - 0.1) 0.) (0.2)
Depreciation (10.6) (2.7) (2.0) (15.3)
Disposals 72 42 3.8 15.2
Balance at 31 December 2022 (17.6) (4.2) (6.1) (27.9)
Carrying value at 31 December 2022 55.5 25.6 4.4 85.5
The Company has no plant, property or equipment at 31 December 2023 (2022: nil).
14 Goodwill and intangible assets
Group
‘Customer
Goodwill _ relationship asset Total
fm £m £m
Cost . |
Balance at 1 January 2023 105.1 21.2 126.3
Balance at 31 December 2023 105.1 21.2 126.31
Accumulated amortisation and impairment . |
Balance at 1 January 2023 - (6.7) (6.7),
Amortisation - (3.0) (3.0),
Balance at 31 December 2023 = (9.7) (9.7);
Carrying value |
Balance at 1 January 2023 : 105.1 14.5 119.6
Balance at 31 December 2023 105.1 11.5 116.61
Group
Customer
Goodwill relationship asset Total
£m £m £m
Cost
Balance at 1 January 2022 105.1 21.2 126.3
Balance at 31 December 2022 105.1 212 126.3
Accumulated amortisation and impairment
Balance at 1 January 2022 - (3.7) (3.7)
Amortisation - (3.0) (3.0)
Balance at 31 December 2022 - (6.7) (6.7)
Carrying value
Balance at 1 January 2022 105.1 17.5 122.6
Balance at 31 December 2022 105.1 14.5 119.6

156


===== page 159 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

(a) Impairment of goodwill
The goodwill arose following the acquisition of EQT Credit in 2020. All goodwill is attributable to the Credit operating segment.

Goodwill is required to be assessed for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate potential
impairment loss. In performing the impairment test, management prepares a calculation of the recoverable amount of goodwill using the
value-in-use approach and compares this to the carrying value. The value-in-use is determined by discounting the expected future cash
flows generated from the continuing use of the Credit operating segment and is based on the following key assumptions:

~ The cash flows are projected based on the actual operating results and a five-year estimate from 2024 to 2028. Cash flows for the time
thereafter are taken into account by calculating a terminal value based on the discount factor applied by the Group.

= Operating profits are based on management approved income, future fundraising, deployment of capital and costs of the business,
taking into account growth plans for the Credit business as well as past experience.

= A pre-tax discount rate of 16.1% (2022: 15.0%), which is based on the Group's weighted average cost of capital, is applied in
determining the recoverable amount.

~ A long-term growth rate of 1.4% (2022: 4.1%), which is based on an assessment of the private debt industry rates of growth, and
management's experience, is applied to the terminal value.

‘As at 31 December 2023 significant headroom is noted, and therefore no impairment is identified (2022: nil). The Credit business
would need to fall short of its projected profit margins by over 50.8% (2022: 58.5%) over the period 2024 to 2028 (2022: 2023 to
2027) for the goodwill to be impaired.

(b) Impairment of intangible assets

Intangible assets that have a finite useful life are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount may not be recovered. Intangible assers are also reviewed annually for indicators of impairment at each balance sheet
date.

The customer relationship that is included as an intangible asset arose as part of the acquisition of EQT Credit. In assessing indication of
impairment, management uses indicators such as Credit business profit margins, size of funds, level of reinvestment and attrition in new
fands and the discount rate applied to the projections.

No indicators of impairment were identified in 2023.

‘The Company has no goodwill or intangibles assets.

15 Carried interest receivable

‘The carried interest receivable relates to revenue which has been recognised by the Group relating to its share of fund profits through its
holdings in CIPs.

Revenue is only recognised to the extent it is highly probable that the revenue recognised would not result in significant revenue reversal
of any accumulated revenue recognised on the completion of a fund. The reversal risk is mitigated through the application of discounts.
If adjustments to the carried interest receivable recognised in previous periods are required, they are adjusted through revenue.

Group
2023 2022
£m £m
Opening balance 42.0) 389
Income recognised in the year 29.8) 23.1
Foreign exchange movements recognised as profit or loss (0.4) qd
Foreign exchange movements recognised as other comprehensive income (0.1) 01
Receipts of carried interest (4.0)) (21.2)
Closing balance | 67.3 42.0

The Company has no carried interest receivable.

157


===== page 160 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company

financial statements continued

16 Financial assets
(a) Classification of financial assets

‘The following tables analyse the Group and Company’s assets in accordance with the categories of financial instruments as defined in
IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”. Assets which are not considered as financial assets, for example prepayments and lease receivables, are
also shown in the table in a separate column in order to reconcile to the face of the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position,

Group
Fair value Financial assets Assets which
through profit Hedging at amortised are not financial
or loss derivatives cost assets: Total
As at 31 December 2023, __ fm £m im £m £m
Fair value of fund investments 301.4 - - - 301.4
Consolidated CLO assets 1,313.0 - 35.8 - 1,348.8
Trade and other receivables - - 124.4 17.0 1414
Derivative financial instruments - 62 - - 62
Other investment - - 75 - 75
Cash and cash equivalents - - 238.8 - 238.8
Consolidated CLO cash - = 76.0 : 76.0
Total 1,614.4 6.2 482.5 17.0___ 2,120.14
Group
Fair value Financial assets Assets which are
through profit Hedging atamortised not financial
or loss derivatives ‘cost assets Total
As at 31 December 2022 £m £m £m im =m
Fair value of fund investments 273.0 - - - 273.0
Consolidated CLO assets 726.3 - 15.0 - 7413
Trade and other receivables - - 181.6 23.2 204.8
Derivative financial instruments - 1.0 - - 1.0
Cash and cash equivalents - - 196.0 - 196.0
Term deposits with original maturities of more than three months - - 100.0 - 100.0
Consolidated CLO cash - - 24.6 - 24.6
Total 999.3 1.0 517.2 23.2 1,540.7
Company
Fair value Financial assets Assets which |
through profit Hedging at amortised are not financial
or loss derivatives cost assets Total
As at 31 December 2023 £m £m fm fm £m
Trade and other receivables - - 8.0 04 84
Cash and cash equivalents - 7 - 139.7 - 139.7
Derivative financial instruments = 3.9 - - 39
Total = 39 147.7 04 152.01
‘Company
Fair value Financial assets Assets which are
through profit Hedging atamortised nor financial
or loss derivatives cost assets Total
As at 31 December 2022 fm £m £m £m fm
Trade and other receivables - - 20.3 - 20.3
Cash and cash equivalents - - 114.0 - 114.0
Term deposits with original maturities of more than three months = = 50.0 - 50.0
Total = - 184.3 - 184.3

158


===== page 161 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

(b) Fair value of fund investments
The investments primarily consist of loans or commitments made in relation to Bridgepoint Europe VII, VI and V, Bridgepoint Europe
Portfolio TV, Bridgepoint Development Capital IV and II, and the Bridgepoint Credit Opportunities IV fund.

‘The fund investments are measured at fair value through profit or loss as the business model of each vehicle is to manage the assets and
to evaluate their performance on a fair value basis.

Group

| 2023 2022

£m im

Opening balance 273.0 313.7
Additions 36.3 38.5
Change in fair value 18.5 32.9
Foreign exchange movements recognised in profit or loss (1.3), 58
Foreign exchange movements recognised in other comprehensive income - 5.1) 82
Disposals (20.0),__(126.1)
Closing balance 1301.41 273.0

The Company has no investment in funds at 31 December 2023 (2022: nil).

(c) Other investments

Other investments include, but are not limited to, loans made to fund portfolio companies. Other investments (with the exception of
certain other investments designated as fair value through profit or loss) that are held to collect contractual cash flows and which contain
contractual terms that give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest are measured at
amortised cost.

The Company has no other investments at 31 December 2023 (2022: nil).

(d) CLO assets

‘The balance shown includes the gross value of the assets held by CLO 1, CLO 3, CLO 4, CLO 5 and CLO 6 (2022: CLO 1, CLO 3 and
CLO 4), which are consolidated by the Group, but of which the Group only holds the right and liabilities in relation to a small portion.
The CLO assets are primarily measured at fair value through profit or loss as the business model of each vehicle is to manage the assets
and to evaluate their performance on a fair value basis.

Group
2023 2022
fm £m
Consolidated CLO assets held by the Group 1,424.8 765.9
Consolidated CLO assets attributable to third-party investors (1,343.7))___(720.7)
Group's exposure to consolidated CLO assets 1 811 45.2

The Company has no investments in CLO assets at 31 December 2023 (2022: nil).

159


===== page 162 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts . Financial statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

(e) Derivative financial assets

Group
2023 2022
£m £m
Derivative financial assets
Forward contracts 23 10
Foreign currency options 3.9 -
Total derivative financial assets | 6.21 1.0

‘The derivative financial instruments relate to forward contracts and foreign exchange options that are used to hedge foreign exchange
risk. Further derail on the hedging programme is set out in note 20 (b).

‘The Company has foreign exchange options of £3.9m at 31 December 2023 (2022: nil)

(f) Trade and other receivables

Group Company
2023 2022 2023 2022
£m £m £m =m
Non-current

Prepayments 17 16 - -
Trade and other receivables 21.5 18.3 - -
| 23.2 19.9 = -

Current a
Trade receivables 17.5 12.2 47 -
Accrued income 20.6 19.0] - -
Prepayments 114 62 - -
Deferred investment receipts - 528 - -
Other receivables 68.7 94.7 3.7 20.3,
_ 118.2 184.9 84 20.3,
Total trade and other receivables } 141.4 204.8 8.4] 20.3

There are no material differences between the above amounts for trade and other receivables and their fair value as these do not contain
any significant financing components.

i) Other receivables

Other receivables primarily relate to amounts to be invoiced to funds managed by the Group and their portfolio companies in relation to
costs incurred on their behalf. Such costs include deal and fundraising expenditure. Amounts receivable from the funds at year end were
£41.2m (2022: £49.7m). Amounts receivable from portfolio companies of the funds at the end of the year were £3.8m (2022: £2.7m).

ii) Cost of acquisition

Trade and other receivables also include the deferred cost of acquisition and consist of expenditure in excess of the cap within the LPA
and fees paid to placement agents. Such costs are capitalised as a non-current asset and amortised between three and five years. The
movement in the capitalised costs of acquisition is set out in the following table.

Group
| . 2023 2022
im £m
Opening balance 28 O21
Additions 4.0 3.6
Amortisation (1.9); (0.9)
Closing balance 1 491 28

160


===== page 163 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts . Financial statements

iii) Lease receivables

Non-current and current trade and other receivables include lease receivables on sublet office premises. Two of the subleases run until
the end of the related head lease and expire on 31 December 2027. The third sublease runs for 10 years and expires on 16 August 2031.
‘The undiscounted cash flows for these lease receivables during the year ended 31 December 2023 were £2.5m (2022: £1.4m). The
finance income earned on the subleases during the year ended 31 December 2023 was £0.7m (2022: £0.6m).

‘The following table sets out the maturity analysis of lease receivables, showing undiscounted lease payments to be received after the
reporting date.

Group
2023 2022
Lease receivables £m Sm
Due within 1 year 31 25
Due between 1 and 2 years 3.6 25
Due between 2 and 3 years 3.6 25
Due between 3 and 4 years 3.6 25
Due between 4 and 5 years 2.0 25
Due after more than 5 years 6.0 52
Total undiscounted lease payments receivables 219 177
Unearned finance income (3.4): (2.3)
Net investment in leases I 18.5{ 15.4
Current 2.2 2:0
Non-current 16.3 13.4
18.51 15.4
The Company has no lease receivables at 31 December 2023 (2022: nil).
(g) Cash and term deposits .
Group Company
' 2023 2022 2023 2022
£m =m £m im
Cash at bank and in hand 67.0 78.3 47 14
Money market funds 170.9 177 135.0 126
‘Term deposits with original maturities of less than three months 09 100.0 - 100.0
Total cash and cash equivalents 238.8 196.0 139.7 114.0
Term deposits with original maturities of more than three months ~ 100.0 - | 50.0
Consolidated CLO cash 76.0 24.6 - -
Total cash and term deposits 314.8 32064 139.74 164.0

Consolidated CLO cash is cash held by CLO vehicles consolidated by the Group and is not available for the Group’s operating activities.

There are no material differences between the carrying amounts and fair values of cash and cash equivalents, term deposits with original
maturities of more than three months and consolidated CLO cash.

161


===== page 164 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts . Financial statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

17 Financial liabilities

(a) Classification of financial liabilities

‘The following tables analyse the Group and Company’s financial liabilities in accordance with the categories of financial instruments
defined in IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”. Liabilities such as deferred income, long-term employee benefits, social security and other
taxes are excluded as they do not constitute a financial liability and are shown in the table in a separate column in order to reconcile to
the face of the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position.

Group
Liabilities
Fair value Financial which are not
through profit Hedging _ liabilities at financial
or loss derivatives amortised cost liabilities Total
As at 31 December 2023 £m £m £m =m =m
Trade and other payables - - 47.6 98.0 145.6
Other financial liabilities 50.1 - - - 50.1
Lease liabilities - - 816 - 81.6
Derivative financial instruments - 16 - - 1.6
Consolidated CLO liabilities 1,152.0 - 14.9 - 1,166.9
Consolidated CLO purchases awaiting settlement - - 176.8 - 176.8
Total [1,202.1 16 320.9 98.0 1,622.61
Group
Fair value Financial Liabilities which
through profic Hedging liabilities ac are not
or loss derivatives amortised cost liabilities . Total
As at 31 December 2022 £m £m £m £m £m
Trade and other payables 16.7 - 518 60.6 129.1
Other financial liabilities 49.5 - - - 49.5
Lease liabilities - - 83.2 - 83.2
Derivative financial instruments - 13.2 - - 13.2
Consolidated CLO liabilities 597.5 - 26 - 600.1
Consolidated CLO purchases awaiting settlement - - 120.6 - 120.6
Total 663.7 13.2 258.2 60.6 995.7
Company
Liabilities
| Fair value Financial which are not
through profit Hedging _ liabilities at financial
or toss derivatives amortised cost liabilities Total
As at 31 December 2023 £m £m £m =m
Trade and other payables l = - 112.2 19.5 131.71
Total financial liabilities i - = 112.2 19.5 131.71
‘Company
Fair value Financial Liabilities which
through profit Hedging liabilities at_are not financial
or loss derivatives amortised cost liabilities Total
Asat 31 December 2022 £m £m £m £m £m
Trade and other payables - - 11 - 11
Total financial liabilities = = 11 - il

162


===== page 165 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts. Financial statements

(b) Trade and other payables

Group Company
2023 2022 2023 2022
£m =m £m fm
‘Amounts due in more than one year:

Management incentive scheme 12.6 12.9 - -
Accrued expenses 0.5 07 - -
13.11 13.6 -l -

‘Amounts due within one year: 7
Trade payables 91 13 - -
Deferred contingent consideration payable : 16.7 > -
Accrued expenses 110.9 717 25.5 11
Amounts due to related parties - 13 106.0 -
Social security and other taxes 29 28 - -
Other payables 96 15.7 0.2 -
132.51 115.5 131.7 11
Total trade and other payables | 145.61 129.1) 131.7 11

‘There are no material differences between the above amounts for trade and other payables and their fair value as these do not contain
any significant financing components.

i) Deferred contingent consideration

The deferred contingent consideration was payable to EQT AB and relates to the outcome of certain fundraisings that were completed
during 2023. On 13 September 2023, the Group remeasured the final liability at that point, which equated to a release of £6.9m,
through the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and made a final payment of £9.4m to EQT AB. Further details of the
corresponding income relating to the re-measurement are included in note 8 (c).

ii) Management incentive scheme

In April 2021, a subsidiary company, Bridgepoint Credit Holdings Limited, issued shares to certain employees of the Group as part of a
management incentive scheme. The shares are subject to a put and call option, whereby the participating employees have the option to
sell and the Group has the option to buy back the shares in the future based upon a pre-determined formula which considers the amount
of funds raised and the resulting management fees over a five-year period. The scheme has been accounted for as an other long-term
employment benefit under IAS 19 “Employment Benefits” as it is not linked to the value of the equity of Bridgepoint Credit Holdings
Limited or equity instruments of other Group members, but is based on the revenue generated by major funds managed by the Group.

‘As at 31 December 2023, the expense and corresponding liability has been based upon funds raised and expected management fees
which exceed the targets at that date.

iii) Accrued expenses and deferred income

Accrued expenses and deferred income include amounts that have been incurred, but not yet invoiced, employee bonuses and amounts
that have been received in relation to fund management activity for services that have not been provided, but are owed to the
Bridgepoint funds,

‘The accrued expenses at 31 December 2023 mainly relate to the transaction costs related to the acquisition of ECP.

iv) Other payables
Other payables include tax and other provisions.

163


===== page 166 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

(c) Borrowings

On 1 June 2023, the Company entered into anew borrowing facility agreement for £200m for a period of three years. On 29 December
2023, the Company exercised an option to increase the facility by a further £50m to a total of £250m. At 31 December 2023, there
were no drawn amounts on this facility (2022: nil).

On 22 September 2023, in connection with the ECP transaction, the Company entered into an additional borrowing facility agreement
for £75m for one year, with the opportunity to extend by two further six-month periods. On 21 February 2024, the facility was
expanded by a farther £50m to a total of £125m. At 31 December 2023, there were no drawn amounts on the facility (2022: nil).

The Company has no drawn borrowings at 31 December 2023 (2022: nil).
(d) Other financial liabilities

Group

2023 | 2022
£mi £m

Liabilities held at fair value through profit and loss: i
CLO repurchase agreements 28.5 | 28.1
Amount payable to related party investors in Opal Investments LP 84 10.0
Amount payable to related party investors in intermediate fund holding entities 13.2 114
Total 50.1) 49.5

i) CLO repurchase agreements

‘The Group has entered into an arrangement to sell and repurchase interests in CLOs 2 and 3. For CLO 2, the repurchase liability is
£12.6m (€14.6m) and will be repaid at face value as at the scheduled repurchase date of 15 April 2035, unless an earlier date is agreed as.
per the agreement. For CLO 3, the repurchase liability is £15.9m (€18.3m) and will be repaid at face value as at the scheduled
repurchase date of 15 January 2036, unless an earlier date is'agreed as per the agreement. The interest payable over the life of the
repurchase is equal to any distributions received by the relevant notes to which the repurchase agreement relates.

ii) Amounts payable to related party investors in Opal Investments LP

The Group has an investment in Opal Investments LP, which is an investor in the Bridgepoint Europe V fund partnerships. Under the
relevant limited partnership agreement, related party investors have the right to receive 15% of the residual profits, which are classified
asa financial liability payable to related party investors. Due to the nature of this agreement, being a contractually agreed profit share to
related party investors, the Group recognises their interest as a financial liability which is fair valued through profit and loss at each
reporting date.

iii) Amount payable to related party investors in intermediate fund holding entities

The Group consolidates a number of limited partnerships through which some of the Group’s investment in funds is held. The Group’s
interest only constitutes a portion of the total and therefore other financial liabilities include the fair value of the amounts due to external
parties, who are related party investors, under the limited partnership agreement. Due to the nature of this agreement, being a
contractually agreed profit share to related party investors, the Group recognises their interest as a financial liability which is fair valued
through profit and loss at each reporting date.

The Company has no other financial liabilities at 31 December 2023 (2022: nil).

164


===== page 167 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

(e) Consolidated CLO liabilities

Group
2023 { 2022
| £m £m
Liabilities of CLOs consolidated by the Group (non-current) ‘ | 597.5
Liabilities of CLOs consolidated by the Group (current) 14.9 2.6
Total 1,166.91 600.1
Non-current CLO liabilities are designated as financial liabilities at fair value through profit and loss.
Consolidated CLO liabilities represent notes issued by CLOs which are consolidated by and have been originated by the Group.
(f) Consolidated CLO purchases awaiting settlement
Group
2023 2022
i £m £m
Consolidated CLO purchases awaiting settlement 176.8 120.6
Amounts payable for purchases of CLO assets awaiting settlement are recognised at the point at which the CLO has a contractual
obligation to exchange cash.
(g) Derivative financial liabilities
Group
2023 2022
£m £m
Derivative financial liabilities: : |
Forward contracts 1.6 13.2

The derivative financial instruments relate to forward contracts that are used to hedge foreign exchange risk. Further detail on the
Group's hedging programme is set out in note 20 (b).

(h) Commitments

‘The Group’s undrawn capital commitments to the Bridgepoint funds at period end are shown in the table below. Capital commitments
are called over time, typically between one to five years following the entry into the commitment. Capital commitments are not a
financial liability, and the Group does not have an obligation to pay cash until the capital is called. Commitments may increase where
distributions made by the fund are recallable.

Group
| 2023 2022
fm £m
Private equity funds | _ 257.0 255.3
Credit funds 30.3 34.4
Total commitments } 287.3 289.7

165


===== page 168 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

18 Lease liabilities

Group
2023 2022
£m £m
Lease liabilities
Current 119 61
Non-current 69.7 771
Total . 81.6 83.2

The lease liabilities relate to rental payments in respect of the Group’s rented offices. The lease contracts range from 5 to 10 years.

The lease contracts include either inflationary increases to the rent payable or periodic review of the rent payable. The liability has been
determined at each period end, based upon expected changes in the contractual rent payable, as well as any planned exercise of any
break or early exit.

‘The lease liability is sensitive to assumptions relating to the selection and application of the IBR and those relating to the exercise or
non-exercise of lease break clauses.

‘The determination of the lease term for each lease involves the Group assessing any extension and termination options, the
enforceability of such options, and judging whether it is reasonably certain that they will be exercised. A number of leases contain such
clauses. The Group periodically reassesses the lease term and this assessment is based on all relevant facts and circumstances, Should a
change occur, the Group modifies the lease liability and associated right of use asset to reflect the remaining expected cash flows.

For each lease, a conclusion was reached on the overall likelihood of the option being exercised. The potential future cash outflows
relating to extension options not included in the measurement of lease liabilities are approximately £3.3m (2022: £1.6m).

The IBR has been determined by combining the relevant reference risk free rate for each currency, consideration of adjustments for
country specific risks and applying a financing spread observable to comparable companies. In order to validate the reasonableness of the
TBR, it has been compared to the margin payable on the Group's revolving credit facility, and was found to be comparable. If the IBR had
been 1% higher or lower, the impact on the lease liabilicy would be:

Group.
2023 2022
‘3 £m £m

Increase of 1% (2.5) (3.0)
Decrease of 1% + 2.6 3.2

The lease payments are allocated between principal and finance expense. The finance expense is charged to the profit or loss over the
lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability.

‘The Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss includes the following amounts relating to the lease liabilities:

Group
2023 2022
: £m £m
Interest on lease liability bE. 3st 34

The Company has no lease liabilities (2022: nil).

166


===== page 169 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial statements

19 Fair value measurement

(a) Fair value hierarchy

Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants at the measurement date in the principal, or in its absence, the most advantageous market to which the Group has access to

at that date. The fair value of a liability reflects its non-performance risk.

The Group discloses fair values using the following fair value hierarchy that reflects the significance of the inputs used in making the

measurements:

- Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;

- Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for assets or liabilities, either directly (ie. as prices)

or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices); and
~ Level] 3: Inputs for assets or liabilities that are not based on observable market data (i.e. unobservable inputs).

The following table summarises the valuation of the Group’s financial assets and liabilities by fair value hierarchy:

2023, 1 2022
Group Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total { Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Financial assets
Fair value of fund
investments - - 301.4 301.4 - - 273.0 273.0
Consolidated CLO assets - 1,313.0 - 1,313.0 - 726.3 - 726.3
Derivative financial assets = 6.2 = 6.2 - 1.0 - 1.0
Total - 1,319.2 301.4 1,620.6 | - 727.3 273.0 1,000.3
Financial Liabilities
Deferred contingent
consideration payable - - - - - - 167 167
Other financial liabilities - - 50.1 50.1 - - 49.5 49.5
Consolidated CLO liabilities - - 1,152.0 1,152.0 - - 597.5 597.5
Derivative financial liabilities - 1.6 = 16 = 13.2 = 13.2
Total - 1.6 1,202.1 1,203.71 = 13.2 663.7 676.9
There have not been any transfers between levels in the fair value hierarchy during the year.
‘The following table summarises the valuation of the Company's financial assets and liabilities by fair value hierarchy:

2023 I 2022
Company _ Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 ‘Toral | Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Financial assets |
Derivative financial assets - 3.9 = ‘3.9 = - = =
Total - 3.9 = 3.91 = - = =

Financial Liabilities
Derivative financial liabilities

Total

-t

167


===== page 170 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

(b) Reconciliation of level 3 fair value measurements of financial assets
A reconciliation of level 3 fair values for financial assets which represent the Group's interest in private equity and credit funds,
including the Group’s investment in CLOs which are not consolidated, is set out in the table below:

Group
2023 2022
Group ts fm £m
Level 3 financial assets at fair value through profit or loss:
Opening balance - 273.0 313.7
Additions "363 38.5
Change in fair value 18.5 32.9
Foreign exchange movements recognised as profit or loss (1.3) 58
Foreign exchange movements recognised as other comprehensive income (5.1); 82
Disposals (20.0) (126.1)
Transfer (to)/from level 1 or 2 - -
Closing balance 301.4 273.0

The underlying assets in each fund consist of portfolios of controlling or minority stakes, typically in private companies, and investments
in their debt. Due to the level of unobservable inputs within the determination of the valuation of individual assets within each fund, and
no observable price for each investment, such investments are classified as level 3 financial assets under IFRS 13 “Fair Value
Measurement”.

A sensitivity analysis of a change in the value of investments at fair value through profit or loss is set out in note 19 (e).

(c) Reconciliation of level 3 fair value measurements of financial liabilities

‘The valuation methodology for valuing the consolidated CLO liabilities is based upon internal discounted cash flow models with
unobservable marker data inputs, such as asset coupons, constant annual default rates, prepayment rates, reinvestment rates, recovery
rates and discount rates and are therefore considered level 3 financial liabilities.

Financial liabilities classified as level 3 under the fair value hierarchy consist of the deferred contingent consideration, consolidated CLO
liabilities and other financial liabilities. The valuation of these liabilities is based on unobservable market data and therefore classified as
level 3.
A reconciliation of level 3 fair values for CLO liabilities at fair value through profit or loss is set out in the table below.

Group

2023 2022
. £ £m

Movement in CLO liabilities at fair value through profit or loss which are level 3:

Opening balance 597.5 29.7
On acquisition - 287.9
Repayment ) -
Drawn 528
Foreign exchange movements 24.2
Change in fair value (9.0)
‘Transfers (to)/from level 1 or 2 a 2119
Closing balance | 1152.01 5975

168


===== page 171 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

‘The Company does not hold any liabilities at fair value at 31 December 2023 (2022: nil).

2023 2022

Movement in other financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss which are level 3

Opening balance 214 91
Additions 13 111
Change in fair value 05 03
Foreign exchange movements 0.7) 09
Disposals (0.9); -
Transfers (to)/from level 1 or 2 - { -
Closing 1 21.61 21.4

A reconciliation is not provided for CLO repurchase agreements on the basis that the movements between 31 December 2022 and
31 December 2023 relate to remeasurement and revaluation.

A sensitivity analysis of a change in the value of CLO liabilities at fair value through profit or loss is set out in note 19 (e).

(d) Valuations

(i) Private equity fund investments:
Different valuation methodologies are used when valuing private equity fund investments:

‘Valuation Approach

Earnings

‘The Group primarily uses an earnings approach where a set of relevant listed companies and precedent transactions are
available.

Earnings multiples are applied to the earnings of each portfolio company to determine the enterprise value. ‘The most
common measure of earnings is EBITDA. Eamings are adjusted for non-recurring items and run-rate adjustments to
arrive at maintainable earnings. Earnings are usually obtained from portfolio company management accounts or
forecast/budgered earnings, as considered appropriate. When selecting earning multiples consideration is given to:

~ the original transaction price/entry multiple;

= recent transactions in the same or similar instruments;
= relevant comparable listed company multiples; and

~ exit expectations and other company specific factors.

‘The resulting enterprise value is then adjusted to take into account the capital structure of the portfolio company,
including any assets or liabilities such as cash or debt that should be included. The fund's share of the value is calculated
by calculating its holding,

169


===== page 172 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

(ii) Private credit fund investments:
Different valuation methodologies are used when valuing private credit fund investments.

Valuation Approach
‘Amortising to Where a performing loan has been originated is valued based upon its amortised cost. Provided that there are no
parmethod circumstances which indicate material underperformance or inability of the borrower to pay interest or repay the

principal, the valuation of loans that have been originated is determined by apportioning any arrangement fees, similar
fees or discount om a linear basis over the anticipated holding period (which is typically three years).

Market price Where a loan is traded in the market, market prices can be obtained for use in pricing. Market prices can be
obtained from third-party market price aggregation services or broker quotes where there is an active market.

“The extent to which a marker is active will depend on the ‘depth’ of the pricing (being the number of distinct price
quotations available from different sources). Before the use of market pricing, consideration is given to anomalies
or other inaccuracies in market pricing and whether there are other factors that should be considered (for example,
recent transactions).

Earnings Where a loan may be impaired an earnings basis is typically used to determine the enterprise value of the borrower,
following which a waterfall approach is used to determine the value of the loan. Where there are circumstances which
indicate there is risk of non-performance of the borrower, the enterprise value of the borrower will typically be
determined in accordance with an earnings methodology (as described above), following which a waterfall approach
is used to determine the value of the loan.

Discounted cash Where the Group holds an interest in the note of a CLO, a discounted cash flow analysis is used to determine the

flows valuation. Inputs used in the discounted cash flow analysis include discount rates and those used to project the
expected cash flows relating to the CLO’s underlying asset portfolio including annual loan default rates and associated
recovery rates, prepayment rates, reinvestment rates and spreads.

Other Considering the broad array of debt instruments that may be held by the funds, it may be deemed appropriate for

approaches other valuation techniques to be utilised in certain cases.

(iii) Consolidated CLO assets

The consolidated CLO assets are priced using market price where a loan is traded in the market and market prices can be obtained for
use in pricing, The inputs include market price aggregation services or broker quotes where there is an active market. The extent to
which a marker is active depends upon the ‘depth’ of the pricing (being the number of distinct price quotations available from different
sources). Before the use of market pricing, consideration is given to identify anomalies or other inaccuracies in marker pricing and
whether there are other factors that should be considered (for example, recent transactions). As at 31 December 2023, 100%

(2022: 100%) of the CLO fund assets were priced using market prices and classified as Level 2.

(iv) Consolidated CLO liabilities .

Where the Group is required to consolidate the liabilities of a CLO, a net asset approach is used where the value of the liabilities is driven
by the value of the consolidated loan asset portfolio and any residual cash, accrued interest and expenses contained within the vehicle.
The Group deemed this financial liability to be Level 3.

(v) Deferred contingent considerations

The Group uses discounted cash flows to determine fair value of the deferred contingent consideration which was paid to EQT AB
in relation to the acquisition of EQT Credit business. Inputs used in the calculation of the deferred consideration include estimated
outcomes of certain fundraisings, minimum and maximum thresholds and payout ratio set out in the relevant sale and purchase
agreement and discount rate. The Group deemed this financial liability to be Level 3.

(vi) CLO repurchase agreements

‘The Group is party to a sale and repurchase agreement relating to CLOs; a discounted cash flow analysis is used to determine the
valuation. Unobservable inputs used in the discounted cash flow approach include discount rates and forecast cash flows relating to the
CLO’s underlying asset portfolio, including assumptions for annual loan default rates and associated recovery rates, prepayment rates,
reinvestment rates and spreads. The Group deemed this financial liability to be Level 3.

170


===== page 173 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

(vii) Other financial liabilities

The Group enters a limited partnership agreement with related party investors to contractually share profits from those partnerships.
The liabilities are calculated using a percentage outlined within the agreement multiplied by the profit from the partnerships.

‘The valuation is derived from underlying value of the partnerships, which is based on the unobservable market data and therefore they
are therefore classified as Level 3.

Derivatives used for hedging, which are fair valued, are classified as Level 2 fair values as the inputs are observable.
Further details on estimation uncertainty in the valuation of investments is set out in note 3 (b).

(e) Valuation inputs and sensitivity analysis

The number of unique investments represents the investments that the Group indirectly invests into through its investments in private
equity and credit funds. The table below sets out information about significant unobservable inputs used at 31 December 2023 in
measuring financial instruments categorised as level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.

Effect on fair
Fair value at Fair value at Number value at
31December 31December of unique Valuation Significant 31 December
Description 2023 (£m) 2022 (£m) investments technique unobservable inputs Range — Sensitivity 2023 (£m)
Private 260.9 2413 69 Marker Earnings multiple 3.7x-19.5x__ +10% Earnings multiple 321
equity fund Approach Revenue multiple 3.1x-8.8x  -10% Eamings multiple (32.7)
investments
Other private 20. -Market Earnings multiple 6.0x-26.4x  +10% Earnings multiple 02
credit fund 25.3, 166 Approach Revenue multiple 4.0x-12.6x  -10% Earnings multiple (0.2)
investments
410 Other nla nfa__nla n/a |
Group's 15.2 15.1 7 Discounted — Discount rate 1.8% - 18.0%
investments Cash Flow Default rate 2.0% _ Upside case** 0.9
in CLOs Recovery rate 35.0% ~ 65.0%
that are not Prepayment rate 10.0% - 20.0%
consolidated Reinvestment price 99.0% Downside case** 7
Spread 4.5%
Totalassets | 3014 273.0 {
Consolidated 1,152.0 597.5 30 Discounted Discount rate 1.8% 18.0%
CLO liabilities* Cash Flow Default rate 2.0% Upside case** 23.0
Recovery rate 35.0% - 65.0%
Prepaymentrate 10.0% - 20.0%
Reinvestment price 99.0% _ Downside case** (18.5)
: Spread 45%
Deferred - 167 n/a Discounted — Payout ratio n/a
contingent Cash Flow Discount rate n/a n/a n/a
consideration
CLO repurchase 28.5 281 10 Discounted Discount rate 1.75% - 11.0%  +10% discount rate 03
agreements Cash Flow - 10% discount rate (0.2)
‘Other financial 216 214 n/a Other Net asset value n/a +10% of NAV 25
liabilities (NAV) 10% of NAV (2.5)
Toral liabilities | 1,202.1 1 663.7 J {

+The sensitivity analysis is performed on the portfolio of notes of CLO vehicles that the Group has invested in, including £15.2m of investments in CLOs that are not consolidated
(2022: £15.1m) and £81.1m of investments in CLOs that are consolidated (2022: £45.3m). The sensitivity analysis for the investments in the notes of CLOs that are consolidated
impacts the value of the consolidated CLO liabilities (as these are eliminated from the overall balance) and are accordingly disclosed in this section of the table.

** The upside case is based on the key inputs used in the valuation model disclosed above, being favourably adjusted from their base value by a factor of 10%, The downside case adjusts
these key inputs by a factor of 10% in the opposite direction.

val


===== page 174 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

20 Financial risk management

In its activities, the Group is exposed to various financial risks: price/valuation risk, market risk (including exposure to interest rates and
foreign currencies), liquidity risk and credit risk arising from financial instraments. The Group’s senior management is responsible for the
creation and management of an overall risk management policy in the Group.

The Group Consolidated Statement of Financial Position is made up predominately of investments into private equity and credit funds,
consolidated CLO assets and liabilities, cash and cash equivalents, lease liabilities, CLO purchases awaiting settlement and other financial
liabilities.

‘The assets of a private equiry fund are controlling or minority stakes, typically in private companies, and debt in such companies. The
assets of credir funds and the consolidated CLO vehicles are loans to private companies. The financial risks relating to such investments
inherently vary, based on the nature of the investments (equity or deby), and recovery and returns from capital invested will depend
upon the financial health and prospects of each underlying investee entity. As part of their construction, each fund is constructed as a
diversified portfolio of assets, diversified by number of assets, industries and geographies.

Risk management policies are established to identify and analyse the risks faced by the Group and to set appropriate risk limits and
controls. Policies are reviewed on a regular basis to reflect changes in the market conditions and the Group's activities. The Group,
through its training and management standards and procedures, aims to develop a disciplined and constructive control environment in
which all employees understand their roles and obligations.

‘The Company Statement of Financial Position is made up predominantly of investments in subsidiaries, cash and cash equivalents, and
derivative financial instruments.

(a) Price and valuation risk

Price and valuation risk is the uncertainty about the difference between the reported value and the price that could be obtained on exit
or maturity of an asset or liability. This principally relates to investments in funds, which hold portfolios of private equity and debt
investments, investments held by consolidated CLOs, and notes issued by consolidated CLOs.

‘This uncertainty arises due to the use of unobservable inputs in the calculation of fair value, the performance and financial health of
portfolio companies and, ultimately ~ in relation to investments in private equity - what a third party may be willing to pay for the
relevant business. There is less uncertainty for investments in debt as the upside is capped to the maximum of the principal and interest
receipts, whereas private equity investments have greater potential for larger changes in their valuation as the upside is not capped.

‘The Group monitors the performance of each investment closely. Portfolio monitoring is embedded and maintains focus throughout the
investment life of each company. All investments are formally reviewed through dedicated Portfolio Monitoring Committees. The
review process involves a rigorous assessment of the company’s financial performance, financial health (including covenant coverage)
and exit prospects. The Group values all investments in line with the IPEV Guidelines at least twice a year, and in most cases quarterly.
Each investment undergoes the same detailed valuation process, in accordance with the Group's valuation policies. Completed valuations
are presented and discussed at the relevant Bridgepoint Valuation Committee for approval. Valuation methodologies together with the
significance unobservable inputs applied for the Group’s financial assets and liabilities are included in note 19.

‘The Company has no significant exposure to price/valuation risk.

(b) Foreign exchange risk
Foreign exchange risk is the risk of losses or other adverse effects resulting from a change in a foreign exchange rate, or from other
unfavourable changes in relation to a foreign currency. The Group is primarily exposed to cwo types of foreign exchange risk:

- Transaction risk: the adverse effect that foreign exchange rate fluctuations can have on a completed transaction prior to settlement. It
is the exchange rate, or currency, risk associated specifically with the time delay between entering into a trade or contract and then
settling it. As the majority of the Group's income is denominated in euro, this means that its income when recognised in pound sterling
is subject to exposure to foreign exchange rate movements over time.

~ Translation risk: the risk of adverse changes in the rates at which assets, liabilities, income or costs in foreign currencies are translated
into the reporting currency. The Group holds financial assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than pound sterling, the
presentational currency of the Group. Consequently, the Group is exposed to currency risk since the value of financial assets and
liabilities denominated in other currencies will fluctuate due to change in exchange rate.

172


===== page 175 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts. Financial statements

Hedging of euro management fees

In order to hedge euro denominated management fee income, the Group has entered into a series of forward trades and swap agreements
to sell euro and buy pounds sterling at various dates in the future to reduce the currency exposure of euro denominated income to future
spot rate volatility. The level of hedging is determined with reference to the amount of pound sterling denominated costs and dividends.
‘The level of hedging provides for almost full coverage in 2024, and reducing in 2025 and 2026, which will be increased and extended
as part of the ongoing hedging strategy over time.

‘The nominal value of open trades at the year end date to match certain expected future cash flows is shown in the table below, along
with the aggregate mark-to-market of the year end date.

Grou

= 2023 2022

: £m £m

Nominal value of forward trades and swap agreements in pound sterling 362.7 294.2
Mark-to-market value at year end 0.2 (9.6)

‘These hedges are in place to match known future cash flows, and the Group has decided to use cash flow hedge accounting as allowed
and determined under IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”.

The change in value that has been recognised as ineffective in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss, the amount of the effective
portion recognised within the cash flow hedge reserve and amounts released to the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss during the
year are shown in the table below. There was no hedge ineffectiveness.

Group

(2023 2022

£m £m

Ineffective portion recognised as profit or loss - -
Effective portion recognised as other comprehensive income . 8.6 (10.5)
Reclassified to profit or Joss upon settlement of hedges 13 (5.9)

Hedge ineffectiveness could occur if the amount of hedging is more than the amount of the EUR denominated income and timing
differences between receipt of the income and settlement of the hedge.

Hedging of euro investments

The Group's primary exposure to assets and liabilities in foreign currencies is to investments in funds and carried interest receivable,
which are predominantly held in euro . In order to remove the risk of volatility in the Group’s earnings on the translation of assets at
each year end, the Group has entered into a series of forward trades and swap agreements to sell euro and buy pound sterling at various
dates in the furure that match the expected date of receipts from the underlying funds.

‘These hedges are in place to match expected future cash flows, and the Group has decided to use hedge accounting as allowed and
determined under IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”. The hedge ratio is tracked by comparing the nominal value of outstanding trades to
the Group's total exposure to fund investments and loans denominated in a foreign currency.

‘The Group's exposure to euro investments and borrowings at each year end is summarised below, along with a sensitivity of the impact
of a 5% change in the foreign exchange rate. This analysis excludes the consolidated CLO assets, which are attributable to third-party
investors.

Group
2023 2022
Euro denominated investments (€m) 400.7 330.7
Borrowings (€m) oe -
Investment hedges (€m) (83.3)___(176.7)
EUR denominated investments, net (€m) 3174 154.0
+/- 5% sensitivity (Em) impact on profit and net assets ! 13.71 68

173


===== page 176 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts. Financial statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

‘The nominal value of open trades at the year end date is shown in the table below, along with the aggregate mark-to-market.

Grou

| 2023 2022

£m £m

Nominal value of forward trades and swap agreements in pound sterling > 74.7 156.7
Mark-to-market value at year end 0.6 (2.6)

The profit or loss on the revaluation of the hedging instrument is recognised together with the investment returns in the Consolidated
Statement of Profit or Loss.

‘A change to foreign exchange rates will impact the fair value of derivative contracts, however an opposing movement will be seen in the
hedged item.

Hedging of dollar cash consideration

On 6 September 2023, the Group announced a transaction to add ECP to the Group. As part of the transaction terms, the Group will
deliver a $293m up-front cash payment to the sellers. The cash consideration is funded partly by the Group’s cash resources in pound
sterling and therefore the Company is exposed to foreign exchange risk until completion. In mitigation the Company is holding a certain
amount of cash in dollars and has purchased foreign exchange options for the residual exposure, which give the Company, the right, but
not the obligation, to sell pound sterling and purchase dollars at an agreed exchange rate on the expiry date.

‘The foreign exchange options have been designated as hedging instruments under IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments” and accordingly the
Group uses cash flow hedge accounting.

The nominal value of the open trades at the year end date to match certain expected future cash flows is shown in the table below, along
with the aggregate mark-to-market of the year end date.

_——Groupand the Company _
| 2023 2022
£m £m
Nominal value of foreign exchange options in pound sterling 103.3 =
Mark-to-market value at year end 39 -

‘These foreign exchange options are in place to hedge foreign exchange risk to maintain the upside potential while protecting against
adverse changes, and the Group uses cash flow hedge accounting as allowed and determined under IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”. The
Group designates only changes in the cash flows or fair value of the cash consideration below a specified rate (a ‘one-sided risk’). Only
the intrinsic value of the foreign exchange options is designated in the hedging relationship and the time value of the foreign exchange
options is excluded from the hedging relationship

‘The change in intrinsic value of the foreign exchange options, to the extent that is effective, is recognised in other comprehensive income
(OCI). As the time value is considered “aligned” time value, changes in time value of the foreign exchange options is also recognised in
OCT time value. Subsequently the accumulated OCI time value and the amount deferred in the cash flow hedge reserve are moved
directly as a basis adjustment in the purchase price allocation of ECP.

‘The change in value that has been recognised as ineffective in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss, the amount of the effective
portion recognised within the cash flow hedge reserve and OCI time value, and amounts moved to the initial cost as a basis adjustment
during the year are shown in the table below.

There was no material hedge ineffectiveness noted during the year.

Group
+ 2023 2022
£m £m
Ineffective portion recognised as profit or loss = ~
Effective portion recognised as cash flow hedge reserve in other comprehensive income coe -
Effective portion recognised as time value in other comprehensive income 01 -
Reclassified as a basis adjustment = =

Hedge ineffectiveness could occur if there are changes in timing of payment of the hedged item, a reduction in the total amount or prices
of the hedged item or a change in the credit risk of the Company or the bank counterparties to the purchased options.

‘The Company has no other significant exposure to foreign currency risk.

174


===== page 177 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

(c) Interest rate risk

The Group’s income and operating cash flows are substantially independent of changes in market interest rates. The amounts drawn
under the Group's revolving credit agreements, however, bear interest at a floating rate that could rise and increase the Group’s interest
cost and debt, although at 31 December 2023 the Group had no outstanding borrowings (2022: nil).

If interest rates were to change by 1%, the Group's finance expense applied on the borrowings at year end would have increased or
(decreased) by the amounts set out in the table below.

Group
2023 | 2022
£m! fm

ort Gh
Increase or decrease of 1% { =| =

(d) Credit risk

Credic risk is che risk that a counterparty is unable to meet their contractual obligations in full when due. Potential areas of credit risk
consist of cash and cash equivalents, term deposits, including deposits with banks and financial institutions, short-term receivables, lease
receivables, investments in the CLOs and derivative financial instruments. The Company and the Group have not experienced any
significant defaults in prior periods.

Group exposure

‘The Group's exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of each counterparty. Expected credit losses are
calculated on all of the Group's financial assets that are measured at amortised cost. Factors considered in determining whether a default
has taken place include how many days past the due date a payment is, deterioration in the credit quality of a counterparty, and
knowledge of specific events that could influence a counterparty’s ability to pay.

Expected credit losses are not expected to be material and there are no financial assets that are materially impaired.

Cash and cash equivalents

The Group limits its exposure in relation to cash and cash equivalents by only dealing with well-established financial institutions of
high-quality credit standing. At each period end, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents were held with banks that were investment grade
credit quality (BBB or higher).

Investments in CLOs

The Group is required to hold a 5% interest in such vehicles after they are launched under risk retention rules. Each CLO portfolio
typically invests in 70-100 individual loans issued by private equity borrowers, The portfolios are highly diversified by geography,
industry and sponsor. The Group’s maximum exposure to loss associated with its interest in the CLOs is limited to the carrying amounts
of the notes held by the Group, which at 31 December 2023 was £96.3m (2022: £60.3m).

At 31 December 2023, the Group fully consolidated CLOs 1, 3, 4, 5 and 6 (2022: CLO 1, 3 and 4). The Group’s interests in CLOs 1, 3,
4 and 5 comprise interests in subordinated notes which incur the first loss if there is any default within the portfolio of assets by an
individual borrower.

‘Whilst the Group has entered into sale and repurchase agreements for CLO 2. and CLO 3, it remains contractually exposed to the
performance of the CLO, however as the interest is held vertically across all notes of the CLO, the holdings are more diversified than the
Group’s interest in CLOs 1, 4 and 5. Under the sale and repurchase agreements, the Group is subject to credit risk with the counterparty
of £29.0m (2022: £29.7m), however it is holding cash collateral of £29.0m (2022: £29.7m), reducing the risk.

Investments in private equity and credit funds, including other investments
‘The Group’s investments in private equity and credit funds indirectly expose it to credit risk via loans to investee entities. The maximum
exposure to loss associated with funds is limited to the carrying value at 31 December 2023 which was £286.4m (2022: £257.9m).

175


===== page 178 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

Trade and other receivables (including lease receivables)

Trade and other receivables are primarily amounts due from funds or amounts due from portfolio companies. The funds are managed by
the Group on behalf of investors, who have made commitments to the funds. Therefore, trade and other receivables from the funds are
collateralised against unfunded investor commitments. These commitments can be drawn at any time. The Group therefore considers the
probability of default to be remote. As such, the Directors consider the Group's credit exposure to trade and other receivables to be low.

‘Asa lessor the Group has exposure to payments by lessees. The Group considers there to be a low risk of default due to the credit quality
of the counterparties.

Carried interest receivable
‘The Group's carried interest receivable represents income expected from CIPs. The Group considers there to be a remote risk of default
on these receivables on the basis that these amounts are due from the funds for reasons set out above (e.g. investor commitments).

Company exposure

Potential areas of credit risk for the Company consist of cash and cash equivalents, including deposits with banks and financial
institutions, derivative instruments, term deposits and short-term receivables. The maximum exposure to credit risk at the year end of
these financial assets is their carrying value. The Company seeks to reduce the credit risk relating to cash balances by only dealing with
well-established financial institutions of high quality standing,

(e) Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group or Company will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with its financial
liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. The Group's approach to managing liquidity is to ensure, as far as
possible, that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without
incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Group's reputation.

‘The liquidicy outlook is monitored at least monthly by management and regularly reviewed by the Board.

‘The timing of the Group's management fee receipts and operating expenditure are predictable. The timing, amount and profits from the
Group's investments, into and divestments from, the funds are inherently less predictable, however a reasonable period of notice is given
to all investors, including the Group, ahead of drawing of funds.

‘The Group's policy is to maintain sufficient amounts of cash and cash equivalents to meet its commitments at a given date, including for
acquisitions and for refinancing maturing debt.

Ac 31 December 2023, the Group has the use of £250.0m of undrawn revolving credit facility which it uses to manage liquidity.
Subsequent to the year-end, the Group priced $430.0m of US private placement notes, subject to the closing of the ECP transaction and
customary conditions. The proceeds will be used to provide additional resources to deliver the Group's strategic growth plans and in part
will be used to refinance certain ECP debt following the ECP transaction, which is subject to a change of control process. Further detail is
included in note 30 (c).

In addition, at 31 December 2023, the Group had the use of £75.0m of undrawn bridge facility which was putin place in connection
with the acquisition of ECP, which was increased to £125.0m subsequent to the year-end, which is available until the closing of the new
US private placement notes.

Due to the long-term nature of the Group's assets, the Group seeks to ensure that the maturity of its debt instruments is matched to free
cash generated from the business

‘The Group's financing arrangements are subject to financial covenants. Further deiail is included in note 21.

‘The Company has sufficient cash reserves to assist in managing liquidiy. The risk is not considered to be material as the majority of the
balances are held with Group companies.

176


===== page 179 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

The tables below summarise the Group and Company's financial liabilities by the time frame they are contractually due to be settled,
undiscounted and inchiding interest payable. This also excludes liabilities which are not financial liabilities (for example, deferred
income).

Group
‘Due within Due between Due within Due more than
year land 2years and S years S years Total
As at 31 December 2023 £m fm £m £m £m
Other financial liabilities - 21.6 = 29.0 50.6
Derivative financial liabilities 12 04 - - 16
Trade and other payables 476 - - - 476
Lease liabilities 15.0 141 38.7 25.7 93.5
Consolidated CLO liabilities 96.4 63.6 = 1,271.5 - 1,431.5
Consolidated CLO purchases awaiting settlement 176.8 - - - 176.8
337.0 99.7 1,310.2 54.7 1,801.61
Group
Due within Due berween Due within Due more than
lyear land 2years 2 and S years. S years Total
Asat 31 December 2022, £m im =m £m £m
Other financial liabilities ~ 214 - 29.7 511
Derivative financial liabilities 5.2 48 32 - 13.2
Trade and other payables 518 - - - 51.8
Deferred contingent consideration 16.7 - - - 16.7
Lease liabilities 94 13.6 39.7 34.9 97.6
Consolidated CLO liabilities 84.5 48.3 397.2 249.5 779.5
Consolidated CLO purchases awaiting settlement 120.6 - - - 120.6
288.2 88.1 440.1 314.1 1,130.5,
Company
‘Due within Due between Due within Due more than
year land 2years 2and$ years S years Total
As at 31 December 2023 =m fm fm £m =m
Trade and other payables | 131.7 = - = 131.7]
} }
Company
Due within Due berween Due within Due more than
year Land 2years  2and 5 years S years Total
Asat 31 December 2022 £m £m £m £m £m
‘Trade and other payables 11 - - = 11
11 - - - 11

177


===== page 180 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

21 Capital management

The primary objective of the Group’s capital management is to ensure that the Company and its subsidiaries have sufficient capital both
now and in the future, having considered risks in the business and mitigants to those risks, while managing returns to the Group's
shareholders. The Group also manages its capital position co ensure compliance with capital requirements imposed by the Financial
Conduct Authority (“FCA”) and other regulatory authorities on individual regulated entities.

‘The Investment Firms Prudential Regime (“IFPR”) applies to Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (“MiFID”) investment firms,
collective portfolio management investment firms and regulated and unregulated holding companies of groups that contain one or more
of the aforementioned firms. The Group and certain regulated subsidiaries report to the FCA on own funds, the own funds requirement
and a basic liquid asset requirement.

The capital structure comprises cash and cash equivalents, borrowings and the capital and reserves of the Company. Capital and reserves
comprise share capital, share premium, capital contributions, other reserves and retained earnings. These as set out below.

Group
2023 2022
£m £m
Cash and cash equivalents (for use within the Group) . 238.8 196.0
Term deposits with original maturities of more than three months = 100.0
Net cash 238.8 296.0
Share capital .0.1 01
Share premium 289.8 289.8
Capital redemption reserve 0.0 . -
Share-based payment reserve 3.0 36
Cash flow hedge reserve 09 (8.9)
Foreign exchange option time value reserve 01 -
Net exchange differences reserve 8.6 144
Retained earnings 418.7 473.7
Equity attributable to equity holders 1 721.21 772.7

‘The Group's financing facilities are subject to financial covenants. The Group and the Company's borrowing facility agreements are
subject to a ratio of adjusted EBITDA to net finance charges and ratio of total net debt to adjusted EBITDA on a rolling annual period.

During the year the Group and the Company were fully compliant with regulatory capital requirements and banking covenants.

178


===== page 181 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial statements

22 Deferred tax

Group
a | 2023 | 2022
em £m
i * 74.6 57.9
Deferred tax liabilities (108.5); (77.3)

Net deferred tax liability

T 3.9) (19.4)

Other timing Management Losses carried

Deferred tax assets differences fee hedges forward Total
As at 1 January 2022, 22.8 - 25.0 478
Credit to other comprehensive income - 2.0 - 2.0
(Charge)/credit to the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss (0.3) - 84 81
As at 31 December 2022 22.5 2.0 33.4 57.9
(Charge) to other comprehensive income - (2.0) = (2.0);
Credit to the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss 21: - 16.6 18.7]
As at 31 December 2023 24.6 = 50.0 74.64
Management
Other timing Management fee income and Capital
Deferred tax liabilities differences fee hedges investments allowance Total
As at 1 January 2022 (209) (1.3) (42.8) (2.5) (67.5)
Credit to other comprehensive income - 13 - = 13
Credit/(charge) to the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss 19 - (10.8) (2.2) (11.1)
As at 31 December 2022 (19.0) = (53.6) (4.7) (77.3)
(Charge) to other comprehensive income = (0.2) = = (02)
Credit/(charge) to the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss 47 - (37.4) 17 (31.0),
As at 31 December 2023 (14.3) (0.2) (91.0) G.0) (208.5);

Deferred tax lial

ities primarily represent a future tax on the Group’s management fees income and a timing difference arising on the

remeasurement of the fair value of investments. They unwind as management fees become taxable and investments are realised.

Deferred tax assets primarily relate to tax losses carried forward, to the extent that they can be utilised under relevant ax legislation,

Other timing differences primarily relate to a deferred tax asset on lease liabilities of £20.4m (2022: £20.8m) and a deferred tax liability
on right-of-use assets amounting to £11.5m (2022: £13.9m). These will unwind over the period of the lease.

The Company has no deferred tax assets or liabilities (2022: deferred tax assets of £0.4m).

The deferred tax has been measured using the applicable tax rate expected at the point at which the income or cost will become taxable.

179


===== page 182 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

23 Equity
(a) Share capital and premium
Allotted, called up and fully paid shares

Company

i} 2023 t 2022

i} No. el No. £
Ordinary of £0.00005 each 794,637,730 39,732 823,268,774 41,163
Deferred of £81 each 500 40,500 500 40,500
Deferred of £1 each 1 1 1 1
Deferred of £0.01 each 1 1 1 0.01
Total 794,638,232 80,234[ 823,269,276 81,664

Share capital represents the number of ordinary shares issued in the capital of the Company multiplied by their nominal value of
£0.00005 each. Share premium substantially represents the aggregate of all amounts that have ever been paid above nominal value to
the Company when it has issued ordinary shares

The holders of the ordinary shares have the right to receive notice of and to attend and vote at any general meeting of the Company. The
shares have one vote per share on a resolution.

Each ordinary share is eligible for ordinary course dividends and distributions on a liquidation, and is generally entitled to participate in a
return of capital, in each case subject to the provisions set out in the Articles of the Company.

Deferred shares have no rights other than the right to receive their nominal value in a liquidation after all other shares have received
£1.0m per share.

(b) Own shares

Own shares are recorded by the Group when ordinary shares are acquired by the Company and they are deducted from shareholders’
equity. The Company held 171,096 ordinary shares and 501 deferred shares (2022: 886,484 ordinary shares; 501 deferred shares)
within retained earnings as at 31 December 2023 at a cost of nil (2022: nil)

(c) Other reserves
‘The following table provides a breakdown of the reserves that are included in the Group and the Company's other reserves.
Group Company
| 2023 2022 2023 2022
£m fm £m £m
Cash flow hedge reserve 09 (89) - -
Foreign exchange option time value reserve “01 - 01 -
Net exchange differences reserve 8.6 144 - -
Share-based payment reserve 3.0 36 29 3.6
Merger reserve : - - S714 5714
Capital redemption réserve 0.0 - - -
Total 1 12.6 [ 91} 574.4 575.0

(i) Cash flow hedge reserve

Hedge reserves consist of the cash flow hedge reserve and the costs of hedging reserve, such as the change in fair value related to forward
points basis adjustment. The cash flow hedge reserve is used to recognise the effective portion of gains or losses on foreign exchange
forward contracts that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges, as described in note 20 (b).

(ii) Foreign exchange option time value reserve
Foreign exchange option time value reserve represents the time value of the foreign exchange options as only the intrinsic value of the
foreign exchange options is designated as the hedging instrument. Further detail is included in note 20 (b).

(iii) Net exchange differences reserve
Other comprehensive income reported in the net exchange differences reserve comprises the net foreign exchange gains and losses on
the translation of foreign operations. .

180


===== page 183 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts . Financial statements

(iv) Share-based payment reserve
The share-based payment reserve relates to the accumulated expense from the recognition of equity-settled share-based payments to
employees.

During the year, a £4.7m transfer was made between share-based payment reserve and retained earnings which related to the full vesting
of the IPO share award, A3 shares and LTIP awards.

(v) Merger reserve
The merger reserve relates to the fair value of shares issued by the Company as part of the restructuring ahead of the Company's IPO in
2021 at fair value.

(vi) Capital redemption reserve

On 24 January 2023, the Company announced an on-market share buyback programme of up to £50.0m. The sole purpose of the share
buyback programme is to reduce the Company's share capital. The share buyback programme commenced on 24 January 2023 and
completed on 11 October 2023 with £50.0m, or 23.6m ordinary shares bought back and cancelled.

On 2 October 2023, the Company announced a further buyback programme of up to £50.0m that commenced on 12 October 2023. As
at 31 December 2023, in aggregate 5.0m ordinary shares within the second buyback programme have been bought back and cancelled
for £10.2m pursuant to the second share buyback programme.

24 Dividends

‘The Company paid a final dividend of 4.0 pence per share, which equates to £32.7m, in May 2023 in respect of the second half of
2022.

An interim dividend of 4.4 pence per share, which equates to £35.3m was paid to shareholders in September 2023.

The directors have proposed a final dividend of 4.4 pence per share, to be paid in May 2024 to shareholders on the register as at
18 April 2024. This equates co £34.9 million, subject to the share buyback programme.

‘Company
. 2023 1 2022
Ordinary dividends . €m_ Pence per share | £&m_Pence per share
Prior interim dividends paid 35.3 44 32.8 4.0
Proposed final dividends 34.9. 44 33.0 40
25 Cash flow information
(a) Cash generated from operations
Group ‘Company
| 2023 2022 2023, 2022
«fm £m £m £m

Profit/(loss) before tax 86.0 127.4 (34.6); 29
Adjustments for:
Exceptional expenses 33 3.2 - O21
Share-based payments 42 04 - -
Loss on disposal of right-of-use asset 12 04 - -
Depreciation and amortisation expense 17.5 18.3 - -
Net other income (20.0) (8.6) (2.7) (1.7)
Carried interest . (30.0), (24.2) - -
Fair value remeasurement of investments (25.3), (40.7)| - -
Net exchange losses/(gains) : 2A (1.1) 34 O1
(Increase)/decrease in trade and other receivables (5.6) (46.4)| 117.3 86.9
Increase/(decrease) in trade and other payables 56.0 69 23.8 (22.0)
Cash generated from operations 99.74 35.6) 107.2 66.3,



===== page 184 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements.

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

(b) Cash outflows from leases

Group
| 2023 2022
£m £m
Financing 10.1 | 7.6
Operating 03 03
Cash outflows from leases 10.41 79
‘The Company has no leases (2022: nil).
(c) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
Group
Foreign
Net additions/ Fair value exchange 31 December
‘January 2023 Cash flows (disposals), -~—« movements. «= movements
£m £m £m £m £m £m
Borrowings = = = = = =
Fair value of consolidated CLO liabilities 597.5 - 529.9 38.6 (14.0) 1,152.0
Lease liabilities 83.2 (10.1) 8.5 - - 81.6
Total I 680.7 (10.1) 538.4 38.6 (14.0) 1,233.61
Group
Foreign
Net additions/ Fair value exchange 31 December
January 2022 Cashflows— (disposals). © movements movements 2022
£m £m £m £m fm £m
Borrowings = = = = - =
Fair value of consolidated CLO liabilities 241.4 - 340.7 (9.0) 24.2 597.5
Lease liabilities 84.8 (7.6) 6.0 = = 83.2
Total 326.2 (7.6) 346.7 (9.0) 24.2 680.7

The Company has no borrowings or lease liabilities (2022: nil).

26 Related party transactions

(a) Key management compensation
‘The Executive Directors are considered to represent the key management of the Group. The compensation paid or payable to the key
management is set out in the table below.

Group
2023 (2022

£m £m

Salary, bonus and other benefits 194 1.6
Total 1.91 16

Further information on the remuneration of the directors can be found in the Remuneration Report on page 103.

(b) Directors’ emoluments

The directors of the Company since their appointment or the point of their resignation were remunerated by the Group as set out below.
‘The aggregate value of remuneration expenses in relation to pensions and share based payments are less than £0.2m.

Group
2023 2022

£m £m

Salary, bonus and other benefits 241 21
Total 241 24

(c) Transactions with Directors
On 31 March 2023, Adam Jones was granted a conditional share award of 114,953 shares at a value of £2.17 per share, with total value
£250,000, vesting on 31 March 2026.

182


===== page 185 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

(d) Carried interest

Fund investors expect certain members of the Group's senior executive management to invest in carried interest and co-investment in
the Group's third-party funds to demonstrate alignment of interest, and as such the directors of the Company have made significant
personal commitments from their own resources to some of these third-party funds. The funds and CIPs (which are entitled to the carry)
are not consolidated by the Group but are related parties. The returns (in the form of investment income and capital appreciation) are
fully dependent on the performance of the relevant fund and its underlying investments.

The Directors of the Company at 31 December 2023 have committed amounts from their personal resources across multiple funds
totalling £21.4m (the Directors at 31 December 2022: £15.6m).

(e) Transactions with funds
The Bridgepoint funds are related parties of the Group. Amounts received as fees from and reimbursement of expenses paid on behalf of
the funds during the year are shown in the table below, along with the amounts receivable at year end.

Group
2023 2022

. =m £m

Amounts received from funds 298.2, 264.3
Amounts paid on behalf of the funds 28.4 19.0
Amounts receivable from funds 41.2 49.7

27 Parent and ultimate controlling party

The Company is owned by a number of natural persons and corporates, none of whom own more than 20% of the issued share capital of
the Company. Accordingly, there is no parent entity nor ultimate controlling party.

28 Subsidiaries and interests in other entities

‘The Group consists of the Company and entities controlled by the Company. This note sets out those subsidiary entities owned by the
Company and that are consolidated, those which are not, and those structured entities which are consolidated in the financial statements.

Coms
| 2023. 2022
' £m im
Balance as at 1 January | 1,023.0 1,022.6
Increase in investment in subsidiary and other Group affiliates : 39. 04
At31 December 1 1,026.9t 1,023.0

The Group holds a direct interest in Bridgepoint Group Holdings Limited as at 31 December 2023 representing 100% (2022: 100%).

Its registered office is referenced in the table below the list of subsidiaries.

(a) List of subsidiaries

Company's

proportion of

Counay of . ‘ownership

Name of subsidiary Ref incorporation Principal activity Share class interest
Bridgepoint Group Holdings Limited 1 UK Holding company Ordinary shares 100%

‘The table below shows details of subsidiaries owned directly or indirectly by Bridgepoint Group Holdings Limited as at 31 December
2023 and its ownership interest in each entiry. The registered office of each subsidiary is referenced to a table below the list of
subsidiaries. All subsidiaries operate in the countries where they are registered or incorporated and are stated at cost less, where
appropriate, provision for impairment.

183


===== page 186 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

Company's
proportion of

Country of ‘ownership

Name of subsidiary Ref __ incorporation Principal activity Share class interest
101 Investments (GP) Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
‘Adantic GP 1 Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
Adantic GP 2 Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
Adantic GP LLP 1 UK General Partner N/A -
BBTPS GP Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
BBTPS FP GP Limited 2 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
BBTPS Nominees Limited 1 UK Nominee company Ordinary shares 100%
BC II FP Limited 1 UK Dormantentity Ordinary shares 100%
BC II FP SGP Limited 2 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
BC GP 1 Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
BC GP 2 Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
BC II GP LLP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
BCIIGP LP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
BC II MLP Limited 1 UK Managing Limited Parner Ordinary shares 100%
BC MLP UK Limited 1 UK Managing Limited Parmer Ordinary shares 100%
BC SMA Carry GP Sarl. 3. Luxembourg General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
BC SMA II Carry GP LLP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
BC SMA II FP Limited 1 UK Limited Partner Ordinary shares 100%
BCLO Credit Investments I Sarl. 3. Luxembourg CLO management company Ordinary shares 100%
BCO Il Carry GP LLP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
BCO III Carry GP LLP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
BCO IV Carry GP LLP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
BCOIV FP Limited 1 UK Limited Partner Ordinary shares 100%
BCO IV LORAC Limited 1 UK Dormantentity Ordinary shares 100%
BDC GP LP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
BDC Il (SGP) Limited 2 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
BDC Il FP GP Limited 2 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
BDC II GP LP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
BDC Il Limited 1 UK Limited Parmer Ordinary shares 100%
BDC II Nominees Limited 1 UK Nominee company Ordinary shares 100%
BDC Ill GP 1 Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
BDC Ill GP 2 Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
BDC Ill GP LLP 1 UK General Partner N/A -
BDC Ill Limited 1 UK Limited Partner Ordinary shares 100%
BDC Il] Nominees Limited 1 UK Nominee company Ordinary shares 100%
BDC Ill SFP GP Limited 2 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
BDC IV Nominees Limited 1 UK Nominee company Ordinary shares 100%
BDC IV Limited 1 UK Dormantentity Ordinary shares 100%
BDC GP 1 Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
BDC IV GP 2 Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
BDC IV MLP Limited 1 UK Managing Limited Parner Ordinary shares 100%
BDC IV GP LLP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
BDC IV GP LP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
BDC IV SFP GP Limited 2 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
BDC V GP LLP 1 UK General Partner N/A -
BDC V MLP Limited 1 UK Managing Limited Partner Ordinary shares 100%
BDC V GP SCSp 3. Luxembourg General Partner N/A -

184


===== page 187 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

Company's
proportion of

Country of ownership

Name of subsidiary Ref incorporation Principal activity Share class interest
BDC V GP 2 Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
BDC Special 1 Limited 2 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
BDC Special 2 Limited 2 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
BDC Special GP LLP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
BDCP Il (Nominees) Limited 1 UK Nominee company Ordinary shares 100%
BDCP II GP 1 Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
BDCP II GP 2 Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
BDCP Il GP LLP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
BDCP II GP LP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
BDCP II Limited 1 UK Dormantentity Ordinary shares 100%
BDCP Il MLP Limited 1 UK Managing Limited Partner Ordinary shares 100%
BDCP Il SFP GP Limited 2 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
BDL I Carry GP LLP 2 UK General Partner NVA -
BDL II Carry GP Sarl. 3. Luxembourg General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
BDL Ill Carry GP LLP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
BDL Ill FP Limited 1 UK Limited Parmer Ordinary shares 100%
BDL Il LORAC Limixed 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
BEP IV (Nominees) Limited 1 UK Nominee company Ordinary shares 100%
BEP IV FP Limited 1 UK Limited Parmer Ordinary shares 100%
BEP IV FP SGP Limited 2 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
BEP IV GP 2 Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
BEP IV GP LLP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
BEP IV GP LP 2 UK - General Partner N/A -
BEP IV MLP Limited 1 UK Managing Limited Partner Ordinary shares 100%
BEV Germany GP Co Limited 4 Guernsey General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
BEV FP Limited 1 UK Limited Partner Ordinary shares 100%
BEV GP LLP 1 UK General Partner N/A -
BEV FP SGP Limited 2 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
BEV GP 2 Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
BEV GPC Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
BEV MLP Limited 1 UK Managing Limited Partner Ordinary shares 100%
BEV Nominees Limited 1 UK Nominee company Ordinary shares 100%
BEV Nominees II Limited 1 UK Nominee company Ordinary shares 100%
BE V1 FP Limited 1 UK Dormantentity Ordinary shares 100%
BE VI FP SGP Limited 2 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
BE VIGP 2 Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
BE VIGP LLP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
BE VIGPLP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
BE VI MLP Limited 1 UK Managing Limixed Parmer Ordinary shares 100%
BE VI Nominees Limited 1 UK Nominee company Ordinary shares 100%
BE VI Nominees II Limited 1 UK Nominee company Ordinary Shares 100%
BE VII GP SCSp 3. Luxembourg General Partner N/A -
BG II GP LLP 1 UK General Partner N/A -
BG II Nominees Limited 1 UK Nominee company Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Advisers Singapore Pte. Lid 16 Singapore _Private equity advisory company Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint AB 5 Sweden Private equity advisory company Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Advantage Limited . 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%

185


===== page 188 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

Company's
Proportion

Country of of ownership

‘Name of subsidiary Ref __ incorporation Principal activity Share class interest
Bridgepoint Advantage MLP Limited 1 UK Managing Limited Partner Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Advantage FP Limired 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Advantage FP SGP Limited 2 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Advantage GP 2 Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Advantage GP LLP 2 UK : General Partner N/A -
Bridgepoint Advantage GP LP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
Bridgepoint Advantage Nominees Limited 1 UK . Nominee company Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Advisers Europe Limited 1 UK Private equity advisory company Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Advisers Group Limixed 1 UK Investment holding company Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Advisers Holdings 1 UK Investment holding company Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Advisers II Limited 1 UK Private equicy management company Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Advisers Limited 1 UK Private equity management company Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Advisers UK Limited 1 UK Private equity management company Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Capital (Doolittle) Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Capital (Nominees) Limited 1 UK Nominee company Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Capital Directorships Limited 1 UK Dormantentity Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Capital General Partner LP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
Bridgepoint Capital Group Limited Employee Benefit Trust. 1 UK Employee Benefit Trust N/A -
Bridgepoint Capital Scortish GP Limited 2 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Capital Partners Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Capital Verwaleungs GmbH 6 Germany General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Credit AD GP Saar. 3. Luxembourg General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Credit Advisers UK Limixed 1 UK Credit fund advisory company Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Credit BOCPIF GP Sarl 3. Luxembourg General Parner Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Credit Carry LP 2 UK Investment holding company N/A -
Bridgepoint Credit Carry GP LLP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
Bridgepoint Credit CLO GP Saari. 3. Luxembourg General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Credit Co-Invest GP Sar. 3. Luxembourg General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Credit Empire GP Sari. 3. Luxembourg General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Credit France SAS 2 France Credit fund management company Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Credit GP Verwaltungs GmbH 3. Germany General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Credit Holdings Limited 1 UK Investment holding company Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Credit Limited 1 UK — Credit fund management company Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Credit Management Limited 1 UK — Credit fund management company Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Credit MSPD GP Sarl. 3. Luxembourg General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Credit MPD GP Sarl. 3. Luxembourg General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Credit Nominees Limited 1 UK Nominee company Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Credit Opportunities Il GP Limited 2 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Credit Opportunities I] GP LP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
Bridgepoint Credit Opportunities IIGP GmbH &Co.KG 13 Germany General Partner N/A -

186


===== page 189 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial statements

Company's
proportion of

Country of ownership

Name of subsidiary Ref__incorporation Principal activicy Share class interest
Bridgepoint Credit Opportunities Ill GP LP 2 UK General Partner N/A =
Bridgepoint Credit Opportunities II] GP Limited 2 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Credit Opportunities IV GP Sa rl. 3. Luxembourg General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoinc Credit Opportunities SICAV GP Sar. 3 Luxembourg General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Credit Partners Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Credit PPF GP Sarl. 3. Luxembourg General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Credit PS GP Sar. 3. Luxembourg General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Credit Services S.a rl. 3. Luxembourg Credit fund advisory company Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Credit UK Limited 1 UK Credit fund advisory company Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Debr Funding Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Debt Management Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Debt Managers Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Development Capital Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Development Capital V GP S.ar.l. 3 Luxembourg General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Direct Lending Ii GP Saari. 3. Luxembourg General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Direct Lending Iil GP Sa rl. 3 Luxembourg General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoine Direct Lending IV GP Sarl. 3. Luxembourg General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Europe (SGP) Led 2 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Europe Ill FP (GP) Limized 2 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Europe Ill (GP) Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Europe Ill GP LP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
Bridgepoint Europe IV (Nominees) 1 Limited 1 UK Nominee entity Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Europe IV (Nominees) Limited 1 UK Nominee entity Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Europe IV FP (GP) Limited 2 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoinc Europe IV General Partner LP. 2 UK General Partner N/A -
Bridgepoint Europe IV General Parner‘F’ LP. 2 UK General Partner N/A -
Bridgepoint Europe Limited 1 UK Limited Parmer Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Europe Managerial LLP 1 UK Limited Parmer N/A -
Bridgepoint Europe V Finance 1 Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary Shares 100%
Bridgepoint Europe V Finance GP LLP 1 UK General Partner N/A 100%
Bridgepoint Europe VII (GP) Sar. 3 Luxembourg General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Europe VII FP Limited 1 UK Limited Parmer Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Europe VII FP SGP Limited 2 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Europe Vil GP 2 Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Europe VI! GP LLP 1 UK General Partner N/A -
Bridgepoint Europe VI! Nominees Limited 1 UK Nominee company Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Europe VII MLP Limiced 1 UK Managing Limited Parner Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Finance Limited 1 UK Dormantentity Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Fund Management S.a rl. 3. Luxembourg Private equity management company Ordinary Shares 100%
Bridgepoint GmbH 6 Germany _ Private equity advisory company Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint GP2 LLP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
Bridgepoint Growth | GP LLP 1 UK General Partner N/A -
BDC V Nominees Limited 1 UK Nominee entity Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Growth Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%

187


===== page 190 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

‘Company's
proportion of

Country of ‘ownership.

Name of subsidiary Ref incorporation Principal activity Share class interest
Bridgepoint Growth Nominees Limited 1 UK Nominee company Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Holdco 1 Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Holdings Group Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Holdings Limixed 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoine Infrastructure Advisers Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Infrastructure Development Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Infrastructure Limited 1 UK Dormant entity: Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint International Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Investment Consultants (Shanghai) CoLid 8 China Private equity advisory company Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Loan Fund GP GmbH & Co. KG 13. Germany General Partner N/A -
Bridgepoint Loan Fund GP Sar. 3. Luxembourg General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Netherlands BV. 9 Netherlands Private equity advisory company Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint OP GP Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint OP LP 1 UK Investment holding partnership N/A -
Bridgepoint Partners Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint SAS 7 France Private equity advisory company * Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Services France SAS 12 France Private equity advisory company Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Private Equity Group Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Private Equity Growth Fund Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Private Equity Limived 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Property Advisers Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Property Development Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Real Estate Advisers Limived 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Real Estate Development Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Real Estate Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Real Limited 1 UK Dormantentity Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint SA 10 Spain Private equity advisory company Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Services Sarl 3 Luxembourg _ Private equity advisory company Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Sp Zoo (in liquidation) un Poland Private equity advisory company Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Sp Zoo spk (in liquidation) u Poland General Partner N/A -
Bridgepoint Structured Credit Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint UK Holdco Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint UK Midco Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint US Holdings Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint US Holdco Limited 14. United States Investment holding company Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint US Holdco 2 Limited 14 United States investment holding company Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint Ventures Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
Bridgepoint, LLC 14 United States Private equity advisory company Ordinary shares 100%
Burgundy GP LLP. 1 UK General Partner N/A -
Burgundy GP 2 Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
GeorgeTown (Nominees) Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
Hominghaven Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
Horningway Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
HPE I GP LP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
HPE SGP Limixed 2 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100%
LORAC 5 Limited 1 UK Dormantentity Ordinary shares 100%
LORAC 6 Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%

188


===== page 191 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial statements

Company's
proportion of

‘Councry of ownership

Name of subsidiary Ref __ incorporation Principal activity Share class incerest
LORAC BC Co-Investment Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
LORAC BC Il Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
LORAC BDC Il Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
LORAC BDC IV Limized 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
LORAC BDC Limixed 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
LORAC BDCP II Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
LORAC BEP IV Limixed 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
LORAC BE VI Co-investment Limited 1 UK Dormantentity Ordinary shares 100%
LORAC BG | Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
LORAC Carry BC SMA II Limited 1 UK Investment holding company Ordinary Shares 100%
LORAC Carry BCO IV Limited 1 UK Investment holding company Ordinary Shares 100%
LORAC Carry BDL Ill Limited 1 UK Investment holding company Ordinary Shares 100%
LORAC Eagle Limixed 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
LORAC KITE Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
New HPE ll GP LP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
Opal Investments LP 2 UK Investment holding partnership N/A -
PEPCO Services LLP 1 UK Collective purchasing negotiator N/A -
Ruby Investments (UK) Limited 1 UK Dormantentity Ordinary shares 100%
Sapphire Investments (Guernsey) Limited 4 Guernsey Investment holding company Ordinary shares 100%
Throttle Nominees Limited 1 UK Nominee'company Ordinary shares 100%
Vigny Advisory 15 France Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
Vigny Participation 15 France Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%
Vigny Holding 15 France Dormant entity Ordinary shares 100%

Ref Registered office

5 Marble Arch, London, W1H 7EJ, United Kingdom
50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh, EH3 9WJ, Scotland, United Kingdom
6B Rue du Fort Niedergriinewald, Luxembourg, L-2226, Luxembourg

1 Royal Plaza, Royal Avenue, St Peter Port, Guernsey, GY1 2HL, Guernsey

Nextower, Thum-und-Taxis-Platz 6, 60313 Frankfurt, Germany

21 Avenue Kleber, 75116, Paris, France

Unit 2103-05, ONE ICC, No 999 Middle Huaihai Road, Shanghai, Xuhui District, China

1
2
3
4
5 Master Samuelsgatan 1, S-111 44 Stockholm , Sweden
6
7
8
9

Paulus Potterstraat 22A, 1071 DA, Amsterdam, Netherlands

10 — Calle Rafael Calvo, 39A-4° - 28010 Madrid , Spain

11 ~ ul. Rondo ONZ 1, 00-124, Warsaw, Poland
12 21 rue La Pérouse, 75116, Paris, France

13. C/O Steigmaier Steuerberatungsgesellschaft mbH, Schleissheimer Str. 12, 85221, Dachau, Germany
14 251 Litde Falls Drive, Cicy of Wilmington 19808, County of New Castle

15 21 me La Pérouse, 75017, Paris, France

16___10 Anson Road, #22-02, International Plaza, Singapore (079903)

189


===== page 192 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

(b) Entities not consolidated
The table below shows entities that are indirect subsidiaries of the Company, but the Group does not have the power to direct activities
or rights to variable returns from the entity and they are therefore not consolidated in the financial information.

Country of Proportion of
‘Name of subsidiary: Ref incorporation Principal activicy Share class___ ownership interest
Bridgepoine PE Cl Limited I UK Investmentholding company Ordinary shares 49.1%
Sapphire Sub II A Limited” 4 Guernsey Investment holding company Ordinary shares 100%
Sapphire Sub II B Limited* 4 Guernsey Investment holding company Ordinary shares 100%
Sapphire Sub III A Limited* 4 Guernsey Investment holding company Ordinary shares 100%
Sapphire Sub III B Limited” 4 Guernsey —_—Investmentholding company Ordinary shares 100%
Sapphire Sub III C Limited* 4 Guernsey Investmentholding company Ordinary shares 100%
Sapphire Sub South Limited* 4 Guernsey _Investmentholding company __Ordinary shares 25%

* Entities are in liquidation
The profit or loss for the above entities for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 are not material.

(c) Consolidated structured entities
The table below shows details of structured entities that the Group is deemed to control and are consolidated within the financial
statements for the periods referenced.

Group's
Country of —_proportion of
incorporation ownership interest Nature of interest Periods consolidated
Name of structured entities:
BE VI (French) Co-Invest LP United Kingdom 86.2% Limited partner All periods
BDC IV (French) Co-Investment LP United Kingdom 51.9% Limited partner All periods
Bridgepoint CLO 1 DAC Ireland 55.2% — Subordinated note in the residual class All periods
Bridgepoint CLO 3 DAC Ireland 51.0% — Subordinated note in the residual class All periods
Bridgepoint CLO 1V DAC Ireland 61.0% — Subordinated note in the residual class Alll periods
Bridgepoint CLO V DAC Ireland 51.8% Subordinated note in the residual class Year ended 31 December 2023
Bridgepoint CLO VI DAC Ireland 50.0% Warehouse entity Year ended 31 December 2023
Opal Investments LP United Kingdom 85.0% Limited partner All periods
Maple Tree VII LP United Kingdom, 21.7%" Limited partner All periods

* A control assessment of Maple Tree VII LP has been performed in accordance with the Group's accounting policies and concluded that the Group has power and exposure to variable
returns in profit sharing. As a result, the Group consolidates the vehicle, Under the limited partnership agreement, third-party investors have the right to receive a minimum return on
drawn commitments, along with a share of residual profits from the partnership. As at 31 December 2023, no commitment had been drawn from the third-party investors.

(d) Associates

‘Where the Group holds investments in funds or CIPs that give the Group significant influence, but not control, through participation in
financial and operating policy decisions, the Group measures investments in associates at fair value through profit or loss. Information
about the Group’s associates measured at fair value is shown below. Where the Group holds an interest that is greater than 20% the
Group is considered to have significant influence, but not control. These investments are recorded as financial assets or carried interest
receivable within the Group Consolidated Statement of Financial Position.

Bridgepoint Growth I SFP LP
‘The Group has an interest in a CIP which has a share of 35.0% of the rights to the carried interest from the Bridgepoint Growth I fund
partnership and is therefore considered to have significant influence.

31 December

| 2023 | 2022

fm) £m

Carried interest receivable | 13.6 -
Carried interest payable (13.5)| -
Net assets I 0.1! -
Result for the year | ~ ~
Group’s interest in the associate 35.0% 35.0%

The partnership's registered address is 50 Lothian Road, Edinburgh, EH3 9WJ, UK.

190


===== page 193 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

BDC III SFP LP :
The Group has an interest in a CIP which has a share of 25.9% of the rights to the carried interest from the BDC III fund partnerships
and is therefore considered to have significant influence. Accordingly, the BDC III carry scheme is considered an associate of the Group.
Key financial information is set out in the table below.

31 December
2023 2022
fm fm
Carried interest receivable 228.1 136.4
Carried interest payable “ (228.0), (136.2)
Net assets }. ont 0.2
Result for the year | =
Group's interest in the associate "25.9% 25.9%

‘The partnership's registered address is 50 Lothian Road, Edinburgh, EH3 9WJ, UK.

BEP IV SFP LP
Within investments in funds, the Group has an investment chat has an entitlement of 49.7% of the limited partner commitments of BEP
IV SFP LP, a partnership that is a co-investor into the BEP IV fund partnerships. The Group also holds 31.8% of the entitlement to the
founder partner commitments of the entity, which currently has no value. Accordingly, BEP TV SFP LP is considered to be an associate
of the Group. Key financial information about the fund is set out in the table below.

31 December
2023 2022
£m £m
Investments at fair value 35.7 39.5
Other assets 2.5 3.2
Total liabilities “ (2.5); (2.1)
Net assets i 35.7 40.6
Profit for the year 19 07
Group’s interest in the associate 49.7% 49.7%

The partnership's registered address is 50 Lothian Road, Edinburgh, EH3 9WJ, UK.

BE VI Co-Investment (Feeder) Partnership LP

The Group has an investment that has an entitlement of 45.2% of the limited partner commitments of BE VI Co-Investment (Feeder)
Partnership LP. Accordingly, BE VI Co-Investment (Feeder) Partnership LP is considered to be an associate of the Group. Key financial
information about the fund is set out in the table below.

31 December

! 2023 2022

£m £m

Investments at fair value 14.5 12.4
Other assets 0.1 15
Total liabilities (0.2) (0.1)
Net assets | 14.41 13.8
Profit for the year 09 28
Group’s interest in the associate 45.2% 45.6%

The partnership’s registered address is 50 Lothian Road, Edinburgh, EH3 9WJ, UK.

Other associates

In addition to the associates listed above, there are four other entities where the Group considers itself to have significant influence with
ownership above 20%. These are immaterial individually and in aggregate and have no balances or transactions associated with them for
the years presented.

191


===== page 194 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts . Financial statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

(e) Subsidiaries not audited
For the year ended 31 December 2023 the following UK subsidiaries were expected to be entitled to exemption from audit under
section 479A of the Companies Act 2006 relating to subsidiary companies:

101 Investments (GP) Limited BDC II] GP 2 Limited BDCP II MLP Limited Bridgepoint Europe III FP (GP) Limited
Adantic GP 1 Limited BDC II] Limited BDCP I] SFP GP Limited Bridgepoint Europe IV FP (GP) Limited
Adantic GP LLP BDC III SFP GP Limited BE VI FP SGP Limited Bridgepoint Europe Managerial LLP
BBTPS FP GP Limited BDC IV MLP Limited BE VIGP 2 Limited Bridgepoint Europe VII FP Limited

BC GP 2 Limited BDC IV SFP GP Limited BE VI MLP Limited Bridgepoint Europe VII FP SGP Limited
BC II FP SGP Limited BDC Special 1 Limited BEP IV FP SGP Limited Bridgepoint Europe VII GP 2 Limited
BC II MLP Limited BDC Special 2 Limited BEP IV GP 2 Limited Bridgepoint Europe VII MLP Limited
BDC II FP GP Limited BDC Special GP LLP BEP IV MLP Limited Burgundy GP LLP

BDC Il Limited BDCP II GP 2 Limited BEV FP SGP Limited

29 Unconsolidated structured entities

A structured entity is an entity that has been designed so that voting or similar rights are not the dominant factor in deciding who
controls the entity, such as when any voting rights relate to administrative tasks only and the relevant activities are directed by means of
contractual arrangements.

‘The Group has determined that where the Group holds an investment, loan, fee receivable, commitment with an investment fund or CIP
with a right to carried interest, this represents an interest in a structured entity. Where the Group does not hold an investment in the
structured entity, the Group has determined that the characteristics of control are not met. As set out in note 3 (a), CIPs that currently
have value are those where the Group is exposed to variable returns of below 50% with the main beneficiaries of the CIP being the other
participants.

‘The disclosure below includes CLO 2 for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023, which is not consolidated in
either year, as explained in note 3 (a).

‘The Group acts in accordance with pre-determined parameters set out in various agreements and the decision-making authority is well
defined, including third-party rights in respect of the investment manager. The agreements include management fees that are
commensurate with the services provided and performance fee arrangements that are industry standard. As such the Group is acting as
agent on behalf of these investors and therefore these entities are not consolidated into the Group's financial statements.

‘The Group's interest in, and exposure to, unconsolidated structured entities, including outstanding management fees, is detailed in the
table below and recognised within trade and other receivables in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position. The carried interest
receivable is included within the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position.

Group
Value of the accrued Group
Group's Typical Net asset Typical cared — maximum
co Group value of the Management Typical Group share interest exposure to
investments commitment Total investor fundsat year feesreceived management Carriedinterest rate of carried _ receivable loss ac
at yearend tothe fundas commitments end bytheGroup fee range % interest atyearend year end
at 31 December £m % £bn fbn fm %____ (where applicable) % £m £m
2023
Generally up to
Private equity 0.75t0 20% of profits Upto
funds 260.9 <2% 28.9 16.7 205.0 2.00% over threshold 35% 64.7 325.6
Generally up to
0.50to 20% of profits Upto
Credit funds 121.6 <9% 6.9 44 56.5 1.75% ___ over threshold 35% 2.6. 124.2
| 382.5 35.8 211 261.5 67.3 449.84

192


===== page 195 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

Group
Value of the accrued Group
Group's Typical Net asset Typical carried maximum
co Group value of the Management Typical Group share interest exposure to
investments commioment Total investor funds at year fees received management Carriedinterestrate of carried _receivable loss ac
at yearend tothe fund as commitments end bytheGroup _—fee range % interest atyearend yearend
at 31 December £m % fbn £bn fm % (where applicable) % £m Em
2022
Generally up to
Private equity 0.75t0 20% of profits Upto
funds 241.3 <2% 28.2 15.5 179.5 2.00% over threshold 35% 39.4 280.7
Generally up to
0.50 to 20% of profits Upto
Credit funds 76.9 <9% 6.0 28 50.8 1.75% over threshold 35% 2.6 79.5
318.2 34.2 18.3 230.3 42.0 360.2

30 Events after the reporting period

(a) ECP transaction

On 6 September 2023, the Group announced a transaction to add ECP to the Group to accelerate Bridgepoint’s strategic diversification
The transaction establishes a third and complementary growth pillar for the Group. ECP is a leading North American infrastructure
investor with a market-leading position in the highly sought-after energy transition and sustainability focussed investing ecosystem.
Further details of the transaction were set out in the shareholder circular dated 2 October 2023, which can be found at our website:
www bridgepoint.eu/shareholders.

‘The transaction was approved by the Company’s shareholders on 19 October 2023 and it was announced on 20 October 2023 that
required investor consents to the transaction had been received in respect of ECP Fund Ill, IV and V. As announced on 4 March 2024,
the sole outstanding regulatory clearance in respect of the transaction is a clearance applied for by ECP ControlCo, LLC from the
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, and closing of the transaction is expected to occur in Q2 2024.

As the transaction was not completed before 31 December 2023, the Group’s Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss for the year
ended 31 December 2023 does not include any revenue, profit or loss relating to the ECP business, other than transaction costs of
£43.5m recognised by the Group during the year, which have been recognised as other operating expenses and personnel expenses.
Such transaction costs are classified as exceptional and so are excluded from underlying performance metrics. Further details on
exceptionals are included in note 8.

The Group will apply the acquisition method to account for the transaction in accordance with IFRS 3 “Business Combinations”. The
Group is required to determine what is part of the business combination transaction, to recognise and measure the identified net assets
acquired, and to determine the consideration transferred. As the transaction had not yet completed when the Annual Report was
authorised for issue, the Group is unable to reasonably estimate the fair value of net assets acquired, the fair value of consideration
wansferred and the resulting goodwill and intangible assets.

(b) Share buyback programme
On 2 October 2023, the Company announced a second share buyback programme of up to £50.0m. The share buyback programme
commenced on 12 October 2023 following completion of the previous programme, and is expected to complete on or before 31 July
2024. Between 31 December 2023 and 20 March 2024, being the latest practicable date before the publication of these financial
statements, a further 904,187 ordinary shares have been bought back in aggregate for £2.4m pursuant to the share buyback programme.
Of these shares, in aggregate 904,187 have been cancelled as at 20 March 2024.

(c) US private placement notes

On 7 March 2024, the Group priced $430.0m of new US private placement notes. The proceeds from the new notes will be used to
provide additional resources to deliver the Group’s strategic growth plans, The proceeds will also be used to refinance any portion of the
$225.0m private placement notes that will transfer to the Group as part of the ECP transaction perimeter. Under a change of control
process in these existing notes, note holders can opt for repayment from completion of the ECP transaction. The new notes will be
structured in four tranches with maturities of 3, 5, 7 and 10 years and an average coupon of 6.17 per cent. The receipt of funding for the
new notes is expected during Q2 2024, subject to the completion of the ECP transaction and customary conditions.

There have been no other material subsequent events since 31 December 2023.

193


===== page 196 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts Financial statements

Non-statutory Consolidated Statement
of Financial Position, excluding CLOs

as at 31 December

(Unaudited) (Unaudited)
2023 2022
em Em
Assets “ Y
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment 73.7 85.5
Goodwill and intangible assets 116.6 119.6
Carried interest receivable 673 42.0
Fair value of fund investments* 382.5 318.2
Trade and other receivables 23:2 19.9
Total non-current assets 663.31 585.2
Current assets
Trade and other receivables 118.2 184.9
Derivative financial assets 6.2 10
Other investments, at fair value 75 -
Cash and cash equivalents 238.8 196.0
‘Term deposits with original maturities of more than three months - 100.0
Total current assets 370.71 481.9
Total assets 1,034.01 1,067.1
Liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Trade and other payables 13.1 13.6
Other financial liabilities 50.1 49.5
Lease liabilities 69.7 711
Deferred tax liabilities 33.9 19.4
Total non-current liabilities 166.8 159.6
Current liabilities .
Trade and other payables 132.5 115.5
Lease liabilities 11.9 61
Derivative financial liabilities 1.6 13.2
Total current liabilities 146.01 134.8
Total liabilities 312.81 294.4
Net assets } 721.21 772.7
Equity
Share capital 01 O1
Share premium 289.8 289.8
Retained earnings 418.7 473.7
Other reserves** 12.6 91
Total equity 721.24 T7127

+ ‘The fair value of fund investments includes the Group's own exposures in consolidated CLOs 1,3, 4, $ and 6 of £81.1m (2022: CLOs 1, 3 and 4 of £45.2m) as at 31 December 2023,
** The Group has changed the presentation of equity co aggregate other reserves. A breakdown of other reserves is inchuded in note 23 (0).

This unaudited non-statutory consolidated statement of financial position applies all of the measurement and recognition requirements
of IFRS and the accounting policies of the Group, except for the requirement to consolidate CLOs. CLOs are presented as an investment
held at fair value in line with how they are managed by the Group, rather than being consolidated in accordance with IFRS 10
“Consolidated Financial Statements”.

194


===== page 197 =====
Bridgepoint - 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Other information

Non-statutory Consolidated Statement
of Cash Flows, excluding CLOs

for the year ended 31 December

Unaudited] Unaudited
2023 2022
£m £m
Cash flows from operating activities
Cash generated from operations 99.7 35.6
Tax paid (4.7) (1.7)
Net cash inflow from operating activities 95.01 339
Cash flows from investing activities
Investment in term deposits with original maturities of more than three months 100.0 (100.0)
Receipts from investments 83.6 743
Purchase of investments (46.9); (41.2)
Purchase of other investments (7.5); -
Interest received 85 33
Payment for foreign exchange option premium 3.8); -
Investments in CLOs (35.6), (8.7)
Cash acquired on consolidation of intermediate fund holding entities - 1.2
Payments for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets (4.0) (22.6)
Net cash flows from investing activities 94.31 (93.7)
Cash flows from financing activities
IPO costs - (1.8)
Dividends paid to shareholders of the Company (68.0) (62.8)
Share buyback (60.2): -
Drawings from related party investors in intermediate fund holding entities 1.2 38
Principal elements of lease payments (6.6) (4.1)
Interest paid (7.2) (4.7)
Net cash flows from financing activities (140.8); (69.6)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 48.5 (129.4)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year - 196.0 323.1
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (5.7), 2.3
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 238.81 196.0

This unaudited non-statutory consolidated statement of cash flows applies all of the measurement and recognition requirements of IFRS
and the accounting policies of the Group, except for the requirement to consolidate CLOs. Consolidated CLO cash is not presented in
the opening or closing cash positions in this statement and all cash flows relate to the non-CLO activities of the Group.

195


===== page 198 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Other information

Shareholder information

Corporate website

‘The Company's website at bridgepoint.eu contains various
information which may be useful to shareholders, including the
current share price and press releases. It is possible to sign up on
the website to receive email alerts for press releases.

Shareview

Equiniti is the Company's share registrar. www shareview.co.uk
is Equiniti’s free, self-service website where shareholders can
manage their interests online. :

The website enables shareholders to:
- view share balances;

- change address details;

- view payment and tax information;
~ update payment instructions; and

- update communication instructions.

Shareholder’ can register their email address at www.shareview.
co.uk to be notified electronically of events such as AGMs, and can
receive shareholder communications such as the Annual Report
and the Notice of Meeting online.

Enquiries and notifications concerning dividends, share certificates
or transfers and address changes should be sent to the registrar.

Registered office and principal place of business
Bridgepoint Group ple

5 Marble Arch

London, W1H 7EJ.

Telephone: +44 (0) 20 7034 3500

Registered in England and Wales
Company No. 11443992

Corporate brokers
J.P. Morgan Cazenove
25 Bank Street

Canary Wharf

London, E14 SIP.

Morgan Stanley
25 Cabot Square
Canary Wharf
London, E14 4QA.

BNP Paribas
10 Harewood Avenue
London, NW1 6AA.

196

Auditor

Mazars LLP
30 Old Bailey
London, EC4M 7AU.

Registrar

Equiniti Limited

Aspect House

Spencer Road

Lancing, West Sussex, BN99 6DA.

Financial calendar

Ex-dividend date 18 April 2024
Record date 19 April 2024
Annual General Meeting 15 May 2024
Payment date for dividend 21 May 2024
Half-year results 17 July 2024
OF RO
Use the QR code
Fy to register for FREE
fl M at www.shareview.co.uk


===== page 199 =====
Bridgepoint — 2023 Annual Report & Accounts

Other information

Glossary

Annual Report this annual report and accounts;

APM alternative performance measure;

“Articles the Articles of Association of the Company;

AUM assets under management;

Board the board of directors of the Company;

BREEAM Building Research Establishment Environmental Assessment Method;
BVCA British Private Equity & Venture Capital Association;

CLO collateralised loan obligations;

Companies Act 2006 the UK Companies Act 2006, as amended from time to time;
Company Bridgepoint Group ple;

Corporate Governance Code

the UK Corporate Governance Code published in July 2018 by the Financial Reporting Council,
as amended from time to time;

DACH the countries of Germany, Austria and Switzerland
EBITDA earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation;
EPS earnings per share;

FCA the Financial Conduct Authority;

FRC Financial Reporting Council;

FRE fee related earnings;

Group or Bridgepoint the Company and each of its direct and indirect subsidiaries;
IFRS International Financial Reporting Standards;

IPO the initial public offering of the Company’s ordinary shares;
KPI key performance indicator;

PCAF Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials;

PRE performance related earnings;

SECR Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting;

SFDR Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation;

SMID Cap small and medium capitalisation companies; ‘.
subsidiary has the meaning given to it in the Companies Act 2006;
TCFD Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures;

UN PRI United Nations Principles for Responsible Investment; and
UN SDGs United Nations Sustainable Development Goals.

197
