

===== page 1 =====
Bridgepoint Group plc ? O ? 5
Annual Report & Accounts

*AFOKBZH4*

A12 22/04/2026 #120
COMPANIES HOUSE

WEDNESDAY



===== page 2 =====
Contents

Strategic Report Governance
Introduction 1 Board of Directors 81
Our track record of performance 2 Chair's governance review 86
Bridgepoint Group at a glance 4 Corporate governance report 87
Chair's statement 8 Nomination Committee report 91
Chief Executive statement 10 Audit and Risk Committee report 92
Market overview 14 ESSG Committee report 99
Strategy 16 Remuneration Committee report 100
Our business model 19 Annual report on remuneration 102
Bridgepoint private wealth 26 Directors’ report and additional disclosures 114
Our people 30 Statement of Directors’ responsibilities 118
Stakeholder engagement and section 172(1) statement ___35
ESSG: Our approach to sustainable growth 4a -
Financial review 44 Financial Statements
CFO Statement 46 Independent auditor’s report 119
Our historical performance 61 Consolidated and Company financial statements 128
Viability and going concern statements 62 Notes to the consolidated and Company
Risk management 65 _financial statements 136
TCFD and SDR disclosures 72
Non-financial and sustainability information starement 80 Oe a Information
Supplementary information 207
Shareholder information 215
Glossary 216



===== page 3 =====
1 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

Introduction

Bridgepoint Group is an international
alternative asset management group with
offices in Europe, North America and Asia.
We deploy capital on behalf of our
world-leading investing partners across
private equity, infrastructure, credit and
secondaries, delivering to them compelling
returns by building companies with greatly
enhanced long-term potential.

The 2025 Annual Report for Bridgepoint Group ple incorporates:

~ the Strategic Report;

= the Directors’ report, the Corporate Governance report
and the Directors’ remuneration report; and

~ the Financial Statements,

each of which has been approved by the Board of Directors
of Bridgepoint Group ple.

Kee

Ruth Prior
Group Chief Financial Officer

25 March 2026

> Find out more
bridgepointgroup.com



===== page 4 =====
2 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Our track record of performance

Progress over the last 5 years

Underlying management

fee income

2.9x

-_= —
£428m

today!
£150m

in 2020

1. 31 December 2025
2. Underlying basis

FRE

6.3x

a
£156m

today'
£25m

in 2020

4.6x

a
£305m

today!
£66m

in 2020

‘An explanation of the alternative performance measures (‘APMs") used by the Group. including underlying profit before tax, underlying EBITDA and reported and underlying
‘earnings per share, is set out on pages 206 to 214 along with a reconciliation to starutory measures.

Sustained long-term growth in AUM

AUM CAGR
over 20 years

AUM ($bn)

+14.8%

2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025


===== page 5 =====
3 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

Financial highlights 2025

Assets under management 2025: €80.3bn
. N 2024: $75.6bn

SS $45. 5bn0 228 som
Ceichinemamaemenndetes EAI] Ty) ae Bi
7 £156.4m me 8s
7 £151.6m Bese

Underlying total operating income £579 3 2024 : £542.5m
OM 202487: 2427.7m

Underlying EBITDA £30 4 8m 2024" : poesia
.

Underlying profit before tax £ 2 4 8 3 m a portlet

Profit before tax F 8 5 7m ; 2024* pce

Underlying basic earnings per share 2 6 5p 2024* :25.7p

2024**: 19.5p

Pro forma information includes ECP as if the acquisition completed on 1 January 2024.
* Information only includes ECP trom completion on 20 August 2024.

[Key _(@eM] Alternative performance measure KPI} Key performance indicator —_ [IFRS] Measure defined by IFRS ]



===== page 6 =====
4 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

Bridgepoint Group at a glance

Diversified global middle market-focused

alternatives manager

The Group delivers premium returns for many of the world’s leading
institutional fund investors and an expanding private wealth channel

Bridgepoint Group

Q @@ @ © @®.
9

4 17 245 o*

investment investment offices investment UN PRI
verticals strategies worldwide professionals rating

A large and diverse portfolio

2 © #

430,000+ our private equity our infrastructure our credit vertical
employees across portfolio wouldbea _ vertical has owned has backed
the portfolio FTSE 30 business over 300 US 400+ companies
power plants since inception

since inception



===== page 7 =====
5 Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

A diversified portfolio

The Group announced its expansion into a fourth vertical, secondaries, with the
addition of the team from Newbury Partners in February 2026:

Bridgepoint

Private Equity

ECP

Bridgepoint Credit

Newbury

Bridgepoint

Dedicated middle A leading owner of Deep experience with a A leading mid-market

market investor energy transition, broad and differentiated secondaries franchise

~ Outstanding market electrification and ‘origination platform - Proven expertise and
position and reputation sustainable real asset - Broad platform with a strong relationships

~ Total middle market infrastructure presence in eight offices ~ Outstanding track record
immersion = Early mover advantage in _- 330+ industrial advisers and data set

~ Broad, well-established the sector ~ Leverages the Group’s — Has invested in more than
networks on the ground —_-_ Reputable and reliable network and sector 700 underlying private
providing high-quality capital provider across the expertise equity fund interests on
and differentiated energy transition A behalf of over 250 limited
origination proach . partners worldwide

spectrum ~ Stringent asset selection

A h ng ~ Has recumed more than $5
proach Approach to hit target performance billion in distributions

~ Sector-driven investment _ Value-add, hands-on with the least possible risk since inception
strategies directed partner = Invest in resilient business

towards areas with
structural growth

~ Deep operational
improvement expertise

Investment strategy

i= Real assets, critical to
society with inflation and
downside protection
- Focus on risk
management and
minimising commodity
price risk

models in defensive
industries

Investor type

Approach

- Specialises in acquiring
limited partnership
interests in established
buyout, growth equity and
venture capital funds

Investor geography

@ Private equity @ Pension funds @ Americas
oO Credit 01 Asset managers & insurance O Europe
@ ECP © Sovereign wealth funds og APAC
1 Endowments, foundations & mw MEA
family offices
@ Other

Invescment strategy, investor type and investor allocations are hased on AUM at 31 December 2025


===== page 8 =====
6 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

Bridgepoint Group today

A culture-driven business
: as iN

Our culture helps us retain our position as an attractive home
for talent, a favoured counterparty for investments and a trusted
home for fund investor capital.

In everything we do, from committing investors’ capital, to working with portfolio
companies, to supporting our teams, we’re guided by our values:

We do what we say
We do the right thing
We act with intelligence and humility

~> Read more on page 30



===== page 9 =====
7 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

Shaping tomorrow
Our strategy for future growth

Consistent Repeatable Strong returns

Expanding + Scaling and + Platform-
sources of diversifying enhancing

capital existing M&A
verticals
~> Read more on page 16 > Read more on page 16 > Read more on page 16
Ambition

$2006 of AUM

>2x in the next 4-5 years



===== page 10 =====
8 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Chair’s statement

Tim Score

The Group delivered pleasing growth in both management fees

and performance related earnings in 2025.

Dear shareholders,

Tam pleased to report that Bridgepoint enjoyed a year of
impressive performance across the board in 2025, delivering a
good set of financial results and making further operational and
strategic progress, most recently with the addition of the
Newbury team, a recognised leader in the secondaries market,

Strategic and operational progress across
the Group

Assets under management grew to $94.1 billion,

a 24.5% increase from 2024, reflecting the strength of our
organic growth ‘initiatives and successful fundraising against a
continued challenging industry backdrop.

2025 saw continued strength in capital returns and deployment
also remained strong across investing funds, Along with
excellent investment performance, renewed focus on investing
in Europe and in the middle marker, as well as continued growth
in demand for electricity in the United States, has underpinned
our capital raising, The flagship funds in all three strategies, BDL
TV, ECP V1 and BE VIII attracted pleasing levels of demand
between launch and year end. We are therefore well positioned,
as we look ahead, to continue fundraising for each of our

private equity, infrastructure and credit verticals and to start
fundraising for our new secondaries vertical in 2026.

Additionally, in October 2025 we launched our first private
wealth product, Bridgepoint Generations, to high net worth
investors. The wealth channel represents a growing source of
capital to complement our core institutional investor base.

Having recently added secondaries as a new vertical alongside
our private equiry, credit and infrastracure strategies, we
continue actively to explore new product development and
farther M&A opportunities to expand our geographic reach and
add additional verticals and/or strategies.

Our people

My first full year as Chair has enabled me to appreciate more
fully the Group's inclusive and entrepreneurial culture.
Combined with our value creation approach this culture
continues to drive exceptional outcomes for fund investors,
enabling our portfolio companies to thrive despice a complex
macroeconomic environment.

‘The Group made 82 new hires across ten geographies during
2025, significantly enhancing the breadth and depth of expertise
across our investment and specialist teams.

Continued work on corporate responsibility

In addition to strong financial performance, our investments also
have a tangible impact on the communities in which we operate.

In 2025 the Group’s portfolio companies supported
approximately 430,000 jobs globally, contributing to economic
growth and employment across the regions and sectors in which
it operates.

Tam pleased that in 2025 we earned another five-star rating
under the United Nations Principles of Responsible Investing,
‘The Group is well positioned co support the transition co low
carbon electricity generation through ECP’s investment in
energy transition assets.

Outside of the Group's core activities, as well as encouraging
employees to become involved with volunteering and charitable
work, che Bridgepoint Charitable Trust supports charities across
the markers in which it operates. The Trust is overseen by
trustees drawn from across the Firm, and its resources are drawn
from both corporate and individual employee contributions,


===== page 11 =====
9 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

>

Tim Score
Chair

“We enter 2026 well placed financially,
operationally and strategically.”

The Board

We were delighted ro welcome two new members to the Board
during 2025 with the appointments of John Dionne and
Michelle Scrimgeour as independent non-executive directors
from 1 July 2025. They bring a wealth of experience across the
full spectrum of asset management, from public markets to
alternatives, further broadening and deepening the expertise and
diversity of thought on which the Board can draw.

We are grateful to Cyrus Taraporevala for acting as interim
Chair of the Audit Committee following my appointment

as Chair in July 2024 until Michelle’s appointment to the role in
July 2025.

Financial position

‘The Group’s financial performance continued to improve in
2025, wich 13.0% growth in management fees and other income
(excluding catch-up fees) and 9.5% growth in PRE.

‘Aligned with our view of the opportunity set available, the aim is
to grow the dividend over time as the Group scales through
organic growth in existing businesses and by adding
complementary or adjacent strategies.

Accordingly, a final dividend of 4.7 pence per share is being
proposed, consistent with the interim dividend. Combined with
a capital return of 0.4 pence per share through the share
buyback programme and the interim dividend of 4.7 pence

per share, the total capital returned to shareholders for 2025 will
be 9.8 pence per share.

Outlook

With the alternatives sector projected to exceed $58 trillion
in AUM by 2033, just under twice the current level, the fucure
for the Group looks bright.

We continue to increase the diversification of our platform, most
recently following the addition of a fourth vertical in secondaries
in February 2026, in addition to the launch late last year of our
private wealth offering, which will further strengthen our
investor base. We will continue to diversify the platform
geographically and by adding additional strategies.

We enter 2026 well placed financially, operationally and
strategically. On behalf of the Board, I extend my thanks to our
shareholders, fund investors, colleagues and business partners. |
am confident that, together, we are well positioned to capitalise
on the opportunities that lie ahead.

f. dow

Tim Score
Chair

> Find out more: bridgepointgroup.com



===== page 12 =====
10 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Chief Executive statement

Raoul Hughes

I am very pleased to report that the Group again performed really
well in 2025, with underlying profit growth driven by consistent
capital deployment, good fund performance, continued return of
capital to fund investors, and further successful fundraisings.

The Group delivered on key financial and strategic objectives in
2025 despite continuing geopolitical and economic volatility.
Notably, our investment and fundraising teams continued to
deliver tremendous results across the Group.

AUM grew to $94.1 billion, up from $75.6 billion in 2024, and
now stands at 2.9x the level of five years ago. Successful
fundraising across all chree flagship funds underpins our
confidence in achieving the €24 billion fundraising target we set
in March 2025.

Underlying EBITDA grew to

£404.8 million

This contributed to strong financial performance in 2025 which
exceeded expectations. Underlying management and other
income increased to £427.7 million in 2025, up from £404.0
million in 2024, driven by the growth in fee paying AUM
Underlying EBITDA increased by 4.4% to £304.8 million,
reflecting strong contributions from all three strategies,
underscoring the strength of the core business.

The middle market - where we are a global leader - became
newly fashionable in 2025 as it continued to prove itself as a
highly attractive place to invest across asset classes. Its resilience
through cycles, combined with the Group's track record, local
knowledge and deep sector expertise, enabled capital
deployment to continue in line with our historical pace,
capitalising on often off-market opportunities and navigating
broader economic headwinds.

‘The Group's funds invest in the middle market on behalf of
world-leading insticutional investors and this is a source of great
pride for me and colleagues across the Group.

Investment performance remains critical to delivering on our
promises to our fund investors and I am pleased that our funds
continued to perform, with investment activity in infrastructure
a particular highlight for me. As a result of successful exits we
returned €8.1 billion of capital to fund investors.

This performance underpinned our fundraising and, following
good progress across BDL IV, ECP VI and BE VIII, €14 billion
has now been raised in this fundraising cycle towards the target
of €24 billion by the end of 2026.

Strong fundraising progress across flagship
funds and launch of first wealth product

Atyear end, BDL IV had closed €4.2 billion of commitments
and BCO V had started fundraising with a first close expected in
mid-2026. in our syndicated debt strategy, having repriced
CLOs IV and Vin January and June, we successfully repriced
CLO VI in November and priced cwo new issues, of CLO VIII
and CLO IX, in March and September. This brought toral AUM
in our syndicated debt strategy to over €2 billion of notes issued
during the year. CLO X priced last month, raising a further
€403 million

We made excellent further progress with ECP’s next flagship
fund against the backdrop of continued high investor demand
for exposure to the growth in US electricity consumption, a
widely acknowledged sweet spot for investment in North
America. ECP VI became fee paying in May, made its first
investment in November 2025 and to date has closed $3.7
billion of commitments compared to its cover number of $5.0
billion and a hard cap of $7.5 billion.

In addition to renewed interest in the middle marker, the volatile
macroeconomic and geopolitical backdrop in 2025 resulted in a
renewed appreciation among fund investors of the benefits of
maintaining geographically diversified exposures, which boosted
the allocation of capital to European funds. BE VIII launched
after the summer break with a cover number of €7.5 billion and
is expected to hold a formal first close in Q2 2026

With European credit, European private equity and US value-
added energy infrastructure currently in vogue with fund
investors, we expect to close fundraising for our flagship
infrastructure and direct lending funds in the second half of
2026 and continue fundraising for BE VIII into 2027.


===== page 13 =====
1 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

>

Raoul Hughes
Chief Executive

“The middle market - where we are
a global leader - became newly
fashionable in 2025.”

Over the last five years our client services team has more than
doubled in number and the number of offices with client
services presence has increased from 3 in Europe to 11 globally.
We are beginning to see the benefit of this investment in sales
coverage, not just in increasing the number of meetings held
with investors but in converting those meetings too, with a
significanc increase in both the number of new investors to the
platform and the number of existing investors coming into a new
strategy. This has been an important factor in the success of our
current fundraising with the percentage of fund investors who
are new to the relevant flagship fund running at 37% in ECP VI,
55% in BDL IV and 33% so far in BE VIIL.

Bridgepoint Generations

Expanding into the private wealth channel, to complement our
core institutional investor base, is a natural evolution that, over
time, is expected to help strengthen and diversify the Group's
sources of capital.

Bridgepoine Generations is one of the first globally diversified,
middle marker, direct private equity offerings delivered in the
evergreen fund format. Iris a Luxembourg-domiciled open-
ended fund investing alongside Bridgepoint and ECP's private
equity and infrastructure strategies and offers insticutional-grade
exposure to a diversified portfolio of private equicy and
infrastructure assets.

Consistent capital deployment and good
returns across investment strategies

More than €7.8 billion of capital was deployed across Group
funds in 2025 and the Group distributed over €8 billion to fund
investors for the second year running. Against the backdrop of
robust transaction volumes in the marker, there is good near-
term visibility on several further exits for 2026, with the
majority expected to close in the second half. The Group
contimied to enjoy good fund performance across strategies,
underscoring the value of its disciplined investment approach
and ability to navigate challenging markers

Private equity

In 2025, 13 platform investments were made in private equity
strategies, deploying €3.4 billion. BE VII is now 87% deployed
after three and a half years across 17 investments with a four-
year investment period expected before transition co BE VIII in
mid-2026. Recent investments included Interpath, a leading
UK-headquartered Office of the CFO advisory platform which
is expected to close later in the year, HBC, a leading independent
SME+ insurance distribution platform in the DACH region and
myDentist, the UK’s leading provider of affordable dentistry.

BDC V also had a strong year with five acquisitions, including
hedigital, a London-headquartered provider of digital asset
assurance and technology solutions, and Comrod, a Norwegian
provider of advanced tactical radio communications and power
solutions, which is expected to close later in the year. 'I'his took
coral commitments to 45% of primary capital.

Key exits in 2025 included Kereis, a European multi-channel
insurance brokerage; Vermaat, a Netherlands-based premium
catering and hospitality services provider; and Evac, a global
provider of cleantech solutions for marine and land-based
applications, which is expected to close later in the year. Overall,
exits returned €3.6 billion of capital to fund investors in the
Group's private equity strategies.


===== page 14 =====
12 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Chief Executive statement continued

Infrastructure

We continued to make excellent progress in infrastructure, with
ECP V now 85% deployed and ECP VI 5% deployed, having
started to charge fees from May 2025. In 2025 we announced
four platform acquisitions in power generation and renewables,
deploying €1.6 billion.

In July we announced the development of anew 190 MW.
hyperscale data centre campus in Bosque County, Texas,
marking the inaugural investment through our strategic
partnership with KKR to support Al infrastructure growth in
the United States.

Exit activity has been nothing short of extraordinary, with key
exits announced in 2025 including Calpine, which at $33
billion? of enterprise value on closing in January 2026 was the
largest and most profitable exit to date in the global private
equity universe, the partial exit from ProEnergy, the first exit
from the 2022 vintage ECP V, anid most recently the
announcement of the sale of Cornerstone just months after the
acquisition closed in August 2025.

Together they demonstrate our ability to capitalise on
decarbonisation trends and energy security initiatives, driving
compelling returns for investors, with both ECP [V and ECP V
now comfortably ranked in the top quartile for DPI, an
increasingly important differentiator in the current market. In
toral, exits returned €1.9 billion of capital to fund investors in
the Group's infrastructure strategy.
1. Calpine enterprise value calculated using CEG share price of $338.63 at closing on 7
January 2026.
Credit
The credit team has continued to achieve the performance,
resilience and value that our credit strategies are known for,
deploying €2.8 billion during the year, while fundraising has
benefitted from increased investor appetite for European direct
lending strategies.

BDL committed €2.2 billion across 24 investments, including

15 new platform deals and nine add-ons. In the process, BDL IIT
was fully invested and BDL IV started lending and is already
29% deployed across 13 transactions. The focus for the portfolio
continues to be on high-margin companies in resilient sectors.
Fund performance remained strong with BDL II's DPI at 0.8x,
and net IRRs for BDL I! and Il in high single digits. Fundraising
for BDL TV was a major focus and the €4 billion cover number

for the vintage was exceeded with €4.2 billion of commitments
closed by year end.

2025 was a transitional year for the Credit Opporcunicies
strategy, as we continued investing BCO IV and launched
fundraising for our latest fund, BCO V, with a cover number of
€1 billion. BCO TV’s performance remains robust, with the fund
having fully realised 24 investments.

Our syndicated debt strategy priced five transactions in 2025,
with the most recent, the reset of CLO VI in November,
reducing average liability costs by 30 bps (from ~230 bps to
~200 bps), with strong participation from existing investors.
‘The relative outperformance of Bridgepoint CLOs versus our
European peers continued, with our performance benchmarked
in the top quartile, We were recently ranked by CLO Research
to be second out of 65 managers in Europe based on relative
equity performance since inception. Overall, exits returned
€2.6 billion of capital to fund investors in the Group’s

credit strategies.

Well positioned for long-term market trends

‘While Europe saw subdued growth and inflation pressure
through the year, the Group's track record of performing well
across cycles and our differentiated middle market positioning
meant we continued to drive rerums through focused asset
selection and differentiated origination depth regardless of the
broader macroeconomic environment. Our global footprint,
diversified investment strategies, and disciplined approach to
capital allocation provide resilience in shifting market conditions.

Sectors such as agriscience and energy transition continue to
experience significant tailwinds, presenting exciting
opportunities for future growth. Additionally, the Group's focus
on struccural trends, including market consolidation, the
evolution of scalable platforms, and the increasing role of private
capital in financing resilient business models, reinforces our
ability co generate long-term value.

The Group's well-established presence in North America, its
significant European private equity exposure, and track record
of far outpacing European GDP through strategic investments
underpin its ability to navigate complex markers. Furthermore,
stringent asset selection in credit ensures a balanced risk-reward
profile, particularly in defensive industries.


===== page 15 =====
B Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Continued growth both organically and
inorganically

At the Capital Markets Day in October 2024 we set out the
Group's long-term strategic vision and an ambition to become
the outright global leader in middle market investing. There is a
clear opportunity to continue to scale the Group and we aim to
achieve this through a combination of organic growth and M&A.
This strategy builds on the strength of the platform and positions
uus well ro capitalise on market consolidation and evolving
investor needs.

Scaling and diversifying existing verticals

Growth and diversification of existing investment strategies will
continue through a combination of selectively expanding
existing funds, organically adding adjacent investment strategies,
and targeted complementary M&A. The synergies created by
the ECP-Bridgepoint combination are already enhancing organic
growth, including through equity deal flow in the energy
transition space and enabling ECP to leverage an extensive
European network, as demonstrated by the acquisition of Grain
LNG in partnership with Centrica ple. These efforts reinforce
the ability to deliver long-term value.

Platform-enhancing M&A

‘As have consistently referred to in my shareholder
communications, the business aims to continue to grow through
platform-enhancing acquisitions that enable entry into new asset
classes and geographies at scale, strengthen market presence and
increase the diversity of income streams. A disciplined M&A
strategy remains central to strengthening geographic reach,
deepening sector expertise, and expanding into new areas.

In December, we announced our entry into the secondaries
market with the addition of the team from Newbury. Founded
in 2006, Newbury is a recognised leader in secondaries and has
raised over $6.5 billion of committed investor capital across six
dedicated funds, invested in over 700 underlying fund interests
on behalf of more than 250 limited partners worldwide and has
recumed more than $5 billion in distributions since inception.

‘The team joined us in February 2026, expanding the Group's
capabilities into the attractive and fast-growing secondaries
segment. In addition to adding an experienced team and

established client relationships, the transaction will also bring
nearly two decades of data from the secondaries marker, adding
a new capability to the Group. I am very excited about our
opportunities to use the platform, which is to operate as
Newbury Bridgepoint, to quickly grow our new secondaries
capabilities organically.

Team and culture

We recruit, retain, and develop great talent in what is a people
business. Our culture is inclusive and entrepreneurial and it is
our culcure which makes people want to join and, more
importantly, want co stay. It’s what makes us better partners to
our clients, better owners of businesses, and better colleagues to
each other. It’s what has kept the Group so special through every
stage of growth. I have therefore been delighted with the way in
which our evolving and growing team has embraced our culture
and as a result, the firm has become increasingly integrated. In
October 2025, we hosted the first firm-wide conference since
ECP joined the Group, bringing together over 550 colleagues in
London with a focus on culture and our plans for the fucure.

Looking ahead to 2026

Bridgepoint’s diversified investment strategies and a healthy
pipeline of porential investments and exits, position the firm well
to navigate the year ahead with confidence. Amid ongoing
industry consolidation, opportunities for inorganic growth and
expansion into new asset classes are being actively explored,
alongside continued scaling of Bridgepoint’s current strategies
and broadening existing product offerings.

We are ambitious and confident in the Group's ability to deliver
continued growth and value creation.

Pd like to thank all colleagues working across our offices globally
for their dedication and hard work, Iris thanks to them that the
business is in such a strong position today.

SC oLA

Raoul Hughes
Chief Executive


===== page 16 =====
4%

Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Market overview

As private markets continue to evolve and grow, the Group is well positioned to take

advantage of sector tailwinds

2025 unfolded against a mixed macroeconomic backdrop. Central banks continued to reduce interest rates, bolstering growth and

economic confidence. However, geopolitical tensions remained and

inflation proved more persistent than expected, leading to base

rates at year end at higher levels than had been forecast at the start of the year. Despite this backdrop, transaction volumes in the
middle market remained robust and the Group's disciplined investment approach, experienced team, broad sector diversity and
geographic presence, coupled with a middle marker focus, leave it well positioned to continue delivering compelling returns.

Factor

Macroeconomic conditions

In 2025, macroeconomic conditions.in Europe and the United
States diverged. In the US, the Federal Reserve delivered fewer
rate cuts than initially expected while in Europe, growth
underperformed expectations, prompting the European
Central Bank to ease policy earlier and more decisively

than anticipated.

Ongoing geopolitical tensions in the Middle East, namely the
conflict involving Iran, are contributing to heightened
macroeconomic uncertainty, with potential implications for
energy prices, inflation, interest rates and global growth. The
duration and ukimate outcome of the conflict remains
uncertain and developments may continue to drive volatilicy
across financial markers and could have an impact on
fundraising and transaction volumes.

Impact on the Group

Private market activity

The alternative asset middle market continued to exhibit
resilience in 2025 with an uptick in the level of deal activity,
albeit activity was still below the record levels seen during
2021 and the first half of 2022. Heading into 2026, there are
signs of improving momentum in the marker.

In the medium term, the private asset management market
continues to benefit from sector tailwinds. Private market
investments are an increasingly important asset class for
investors seeking returns, resulting in increasing allocations to
private assets. In comparison to public markets, the nature of
private markets investing is typically longer term, with capital
locked into funds for periods commonly ranging from seven to
10 years, providing some stability during periods

of uncertainty.

Middle market assets are typically both higher growth and less
dependent on macroeconomic growth than larger businesses.

Our European private equity and credit strategies benefitted
from a reassessment of geographic asset allocation following the
unexpected imposition of tariffs by the US in Q2.

In credit, higher base rates continued to underpin attractive
returns while in the US our energy transition and sustainable
real assets infrastructure benefited from strong sector
tailwinds, not least growing demand for electricity.

‘The Group continued both to deploy and rerum capital,
completing 16 acquisitions and 8 exits in private equity and
4 acquisitions and 1 exits in infrastructure. In total the Group
deployed €7.8 billion in 2025 with all funds remaining on
track to hit their deployment targets.

Within the Group's private equity business, the ability to
deploy capital is strong despite wider market conditions. This is
thanks to early identification of potential investments, with 13
out of 17 investments in BE VII acquired outside of
conventional auction processes.

In US infrastruccure, our partnership with KKR to invest in Al
data centres, and our deep sector knowledge, give us significant
off-market origination capability.


===== page 17 =====
15 —_Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Factor

Interest rates

Central banks shifted from restrictive policy toward cautious
easing in 2025 as inflation continued to moderate.

In the US, the Federal Reserve began cutting interest rates
though policy remained restrictive in real terms,

‘The European Central Bank followed with more gradual rate
cuts, reflecting weaker growth dynamics and faster disinflation
across the euro area,

Inflation in both regions moved closer to central bank targets,
although services inflation proved persistent, and inflation
ended 2025 slightly above central bank targets, contrary to
early forecasts of full normalisation. Economic growth
remained modest, with the US outperforming Europe.

Impact on the Group

Fundraising

‘The fundraising environment continued to be challenging in
2025 across the industry with both the number of funds and
volume of capital raised declining compared to 2024. The main
driver was low investor liquidity due to a lack of distributions
from exit.

‘The impact was most significant in macure markers. This
resulted in greater focus by investors on reinvesting wich
managers who succeeded in returning capital.

The outlook for 2026 is more positive with increasing M&A
and IPO activity expected to see increasing capital returns and
improved investor liquidity.

The majority of the Group's private equity portfolio companies
enjoy high margins with strong cash generation, creating
returns through focused domestic and international value
creation strategies rather than leverage, which is typically
modest compared to peers.

‘The great majority of the Group's credit portfolios Feacure
floating rate instruments (i. Euribore). As a result, credit
returns remained attractive by historical standards. The market
share of traditional lenders remained subdued in the middle
market which resulted in continued opportunities for the
Direct Lending strategy, while the Credit Opporcunicies
strategy benefitted from volatility in the secondary market.

In US infrastructure, we benefitted from the expectation of
better valuations for real assets in an environment with higher
than expected inflation

2025 was a strong year for fundraising by the Group with BDL
TV continuing co raise capital, and with the launches of ECP VI
and BE Vill. Combined with che reset of CLOs V and VI and
the pricing of CLOs VIII and IX, by year end the Group had
closed €8.3 billion of new capital. This resulted in a total of
€14 billion having been raised towards che target of €24 billion
by the end of 2026.

‘The Group's deep and well-resourced investment platform,
disciplined investment strategy, measured deployment pace
and consistent ability to rerum capital all proved valuable. The
Group distributed over €8 billion for the second year running,
with some €8.1 billion rerurned to fund investors in 2025.

The Group is well placed to complete fundraising for BDL IV
and ECP V1 in 2026 with BE VIII expected to hold its final
close in 2027.


===== page 18 =====
16 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Strategy

A formula for future growth

Our strategy is focused on creating value for clients and shareholders. Investment performance is the primary metric by which we
are judged against our peers and which in turn determines our ability to successfully raise capital and generate furure fees and profits.
Key performance metrics for the Group include DPT, TVPI, IRR and the pace of deployment. We have the performance track record
and platform to grow faster than the market and, as a result, grow the Group’s market share within alternatives. There are three

pillars co our strategy:

Expanding sources
of capital

Scaling and diversifying
existing verticals

Platform-
enhancing M&A

We have a strong core client set and have
the opportunity to grow it further among
the world’s leading insticutional investors.

We have built client partnerships over
decades and will continue to nurture and
grow this core group, including through
introducing them to our different
investment strategies.

Delivering our ambition for AUM
growth will also require tapping into
new sources of capital and therefore
new fundraising channels.

So in addition to growing the
relationships with our core client base, we
will look to increase the contribution to
AUM from sovereign wealth funds, grow
our private wealth channel and target
increased capital from areas such as
insurance. This will require investment
over the next cycle, which we expect

to partially fund through efficiency

gains elsewhere.

The white space in the middle market
has created a clear opportunity to grow.

We have the opportunity to expand and
diversify our existing strategies through
a combination of selectively growing
existing funds, organically adding
adjacent investment strategies and
targeted complementary M&A or

team lifts

These smaller tuck-in acquisitions and
team lifts will be in areas where we can
gain additional expertise and exposure
within an existing vertical.

In terms of scaling existing funds, we will
remain disciplined and ensure that we
raise an amount of capital that we can
deploy to achieve our high expectations
for recurns.

In terms of diversifying existing verticals,
examples could include new geographies
in existing strategies, such as infrastructure
in Europe, or sector-specific funds, such
as defence, in existing geographies.

‘We will build the business out further
through platform-enhancing acquisitions.

‘The additions of Bridgepoine Credit and
ECP have been a success, contributing to
the Group from day one.

We will continue to look at similarly
transformative M&A in the future. Such
acquisitions would enable us to enter new
asset classes at scale, enhance our market
presence, and increase the diversity of our
income streams, as well as bringing in
additional expertise and new investors

to the platform.

Further acquisitions would accelerate the
growth of the Group, unlock
opportunities and create material value
for shareholders. We will also look at
transactions which could enable us to
deliver new sources of capital, for
example, where it can accelerate access to
retail or permanent capital.

strategies and geographies



===== page 19 =====
7 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Strategy in action

Atrack record of expansion

The Group has grown from a middle market private equity business primarily focused on the UK toa diversified alternative asset

manager with a global presence.

Independence from
NatWest

The Group was established
as an independent business
following a management
buyout

$10bn

2009-10

$3bn
2000

Acquisitions of Hermes’
direct investment
platform & funds
(previously managed by
Edmund de Rothschild)
Takes the Group's
institutionalised approach
and platform to the SMID
Cap market

Dyal (now named
Blue Owl) minority
transaction

Provides capital to the
Group for accelerated
growth

Bridgepoint Credit IPO
(EQT Credit
acquisition)

Provides scale and
further growth potential
for Bridgepoint Credit

Provides capital for
farther growth and
listed share currency
for potential
acquisitions

$33bn
$23bn 2020

$14bn 2018

Bridgepoint Credit (organic
expansion)

Establishes the Group in the
second largest alternative asset
class, providing diversiry to the
Group and growth potential

US presence established
Develops the Group’s global
presence, supports portfolio
companies, increases
deployment capability and
therefore potential fund growth,
and reinforces existing activities
in North America

Bridgepoint Growth
Third strategy of Bridgepoint
Private Equity established

$76bn
$37bn 2024

Partnership with ECP
Accelerates the Group's strategic
diversification and delivers
value-add infrascructure as a
meaningful third growth vertical,
with a highly complementary fit
from the perspective of culture,
client relationships and
geographic focus

Announcement of

addition of team from

Newbury Partners

$94bn

2025

Establishes the Group in the
secondaries market, which was
the fastest growing alternative
asset class in 2025


===== page 20 =====
s _ ApINS BSED)
- Aingmany woy 1889 ou JO WORYDPE Sy,
uopoe uy ASazeNS

seinen 9 nog acy eR — A IOAN gy



===== page 21 =====
19 Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

Our business model

Bridgepoint Group is a global leader

in middle market private asset investing.
The Group has a 30-year track record
of delivering compelling returns with
an attractive risk profile.

We provide.the capital and expertise to facilitate growth

‘We raise capital from, and invest on behalf of, a globally diverse, long-standing and growing blue-chip client base of more than 1,225
institutional investors. We use our expertise and leading investment platform to generate strong returns for these investors and
receive fees for managing their capital. The expertise of the investment teams is not easily replicated and is a key source of
competitive advantage.

A combination of:

vw Ww

First-class investor Leading investment Hands-on value

services platform creation

Enables us to:

v vw vw

Invest in middle Create strong and consistent

Raise fund capital .
market assets investment performance

We take a responsible approach to investment and value creation

——— _ ee a > Read more on pages 20 to 25

Delivering:

Strong returns for Fees for managing

fund investors clients’ capital



===== page 22 =====
20 __Bridgepoint Group ~ 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Our business model continued

How we create value in European private equity

Bridgepoint Private Equity offers a differentiated middle market position.
It operates at enterprise values below those targeted by large cap firms and more
broadly and deeply than other middle market platforms.

A leading dedicated middle market investor with global presence

We create value through:

Ww

Ww

Ww

Our people Our approach

Entrepreneurial culture

Outstanding market position
and reputation

Sector-driven investment strategies
directed towards niches with
structural growth and designed
to-exploit local insight

30+ years of institutional heritage

Total middle market immersion

Value-creating operating skills -—
deepened during GFC

Broad, well-established
networks on the ground
providing high-quality origination

Differentiated and sustainable approach delivering high-quality returns

Bridgepoint Private Equity's investment approach has delivered
strong and consistent returns. Based on latest benchmarking
(Q4 2025), all Bridgepoint Europe funds raised after the global
financial crisis of 2008 to 2009 are first or upper second

quartile performers

The Group has delivered these high-quality recurns through
careful portfolio construction, sensible use of leverage and
disciplined asset selection focused on high margin, cash
generative businesses in combination with a hands-on

value-creation philosophy.


===== page 23 =====
21 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Private equity in action

European private equity case study

Vermaat

Vermaat is a premium catering business employing ca. 5,000 FTEs servicing
the leisure, healthcare, travel and corporate sectors. Clients include blue-
chip corporates where catering is a key employee benefit

Bridgepoint invested in Vermaat in Q4 2019, just weeks before the first
reports of COVID. During lockdown 280 of 295 sites had to close and the
investment was marked down to less than invested capital.

Following the end of the pandemic, Vermaat recovered strongly, expanding
into France and Germany both organically and through acquisition, and
innovating with the launch of a dlgital-first delivery model that proved
-ommercially and strategically significant, With revenues doubling and
iccessful internationalisation under Bridgepoint’s ownership, the sale toa
trade buyer was announced in July 2025,

money multiple on exit

€1.5bn

~~

EV enjexig

Disciplined investment

2019 Vintage year
€792m EV on entry

Value creation

5 Add-on acquisitions
2x EBITDA growth

AN

Exit
pas Money mitple



===== page 24 =====
22

Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Our business model continued

How we create value in US infrastructure

ECP is a market leader in critical infrastructure investing focused on energy transition,
electrification and sustainable real assets infrastructure, with deep sector experience and
a two decades-long track record of delivering added-value returns.

A leading infrastructure investor focusing on energy transition

We create value through:

Ww

ad

ad

Our people Our approach

25+ years of successfully investing
in energy transition

Early-mover advantage in the sector,

Value-add, hands-on partner

‘Deep domain expertise and networks

Owned over 300
US power plants since inception

Invest in real assets,
critical to society with inflation
and downside protection

Local market insight and
sector expertise

Reputable and reliable capital
provider across the energy
transition spectrum

Focus on risk management and
minimising commodity price risk

Deep sector knowledge and market leadership drives consistent, strong risk-adjusted returns

ECP, which has raised over $37 billion of capital since inception
in 2005 has a leading position in the electrification and
sustainable real asset infrastructure market in North America.
Energy transition investing stands to be the key beneficiary of
the global decarbonisation effort, with forecast investment in the
space expected to be $2.4 trillion per annum over the next

30 years, creating significant tailwinds and many potential

growth avenues.

‘The US is experiencing a paradigm shift with aggregate demand
for electricity expected to grow 1.5x to 2.0x by 2040 driven
by the onshoring of manufacturing, the electrification of
transportation and expansion in computing power (partially
from data centres and Al), ECP’s team delivers value through
real specialisation built up through navigating multiple energy,
regulatory and environmental transitions over three decades.

This has resulted in a consistently strong investment
performance track record delivering a gross MOIC of
~2,5x across ECP Il to ECP V.



===== page 25 =====
23 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

Infrastructure in action

US sustainability infrastructure case study

: 7 Liberty Tire, the largest and only nationwide tire recycler inthe - Strengthening the management team
Liberty Tire USS. was acquired by ECP in May 2021. In addition to a

- >$il li
disciplined entry multiple, value-added initiatives included: Saving >$10 million of annual costs through improvements

to procurement, organisational design, and fleet
~ Transitioning to higher value products (pushing into new procurement and maintenance
markets such as rubber mats, playground surfaces and

building products) ~ Creating a new programme for manufacturers providing a

trackable path to guarantee 100% of collected tires would
— Increasing recycling rates from ~70% in 2021 to >80% be beneficially re-used
for 2024

= Targeting add-on acquisitions which reduced reliance on
sub-contractors and increased customer service metrics

7 Add-on acquisitions
Strengthening the management team

>12x EBITDA on exit

Buypfooy any
A201 Lo Woven



===== page 26 =====
24 Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

Our business model continued

How we create value in credit

Bridgepoint Credit uses its deep market presence and insight-driven approach to create
investment opportunities from across the Group’s network in defensive sectors
with strong downside protection.

Deep experience with a broad and differentiated origination capability

We create value through:

¥ nd ad
Our people Our market presence Our approach
Highly experienced Broad platform with presence Stringent asset selection
wo to hit target performance
and cycle-tested team in eight offices

with the least possible risk

Invest in resilient business models

Culture of shared knowledge 330+ industrial advisers i" rae .
in defensive industries

Leverages the whole network
and deep sector expertise

Leveraging experience, insight and the Group’s network to deliver compelling
risk-adjusted returns

‘The highly experienced Bridgepoint Credit team has invested Asan example of stringent asset selection targeting resilient
approximately €25 billion in more than 400 companies since __business models, our most recently deployed direct lending fund,
inception with a demonstrable track record of delivering BDL IV, had on average a 31% EBITDA margin with 80%
consistently strong risk-adjusted recurns. For example, in conversion from EBITDA to cash flow on entry. The average
aggregate as of Q4 2025 the BDL III fund has delivered net IRRs loan was made at 37% opening loan-to-value with 3.0x opening
of 9% and 13% respectively from the unlevered and levered interest cover.

sleeves and Bridgepoint CLOs have consistently ranked in the
top quartile among European managers.


===== page 27 =====
25 __Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

Credit in action

European credit case study

BGL BGL Group operates leading price comparison platforms in the UK
(Compare the Market) and France (Les Furets), providing a highly cost-
effective and scalable customer acquisition channel across a broad range of
insurance, financial services and household utility products, including motor,
home and travel insurance, personal finance, energy and broadband. In
2021, Bridgepoint Credit provided debt financing to support the acquisition
of a minority stake in the business

BGL's flagship platform, Compare the Market, holds a leading position in
the UK across both motor and home insurance, while also maintaining
strong positions in adjacent verticals such as travel insurance and household
financial products. The business benefits from the regulated nature ol key
product categories, particularly insurance and consumer finance, which
increases barriers to entry and reinforces the importance of trusted,
compliant distribution platforms. in addition, BGL’s extensive proprietary
dataset — built from millions of customer interactions and transactio
enhances pricing insights and customer conversion effectiveness,

dutable competitive moat. The la

dynamics, underpinning tractive margins, strong cash generation aid
defensive characteristics across economic cycles.

Financial performance
13% Sales CAGR
90-95% Unlevered free cash flow conversion

y
Loan details at entry -.

£275m Senior facility

2.7x Interest coverage ratio

37% Loan to value



===== page 28 =====
Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Bridgepoint Private Wealth

In roducing one of th

e first direct

mid-market Private Wealth

platforms in Europe

“For forty years we've been connecting
great companies with the capital and
expertise they need to grow. Through
our private wealth offering, we’re
opening that opportunity to more
investors, bringing together our
investment capabilities in a single
platform that reflects the very best
of what we do. This is about helping
individuals invest alongside us in
the companies shaping the world
of tomorrow.”

Raoul Hughes
Chief Executive of Bridgepoint Group

The opportunity set

Bridgepoint’s growth in private wealth...

Bridgepoint has built its success on long-standing partnerships
with institutional investors. Expanding into the private wealth
channel is a natural evolution that strengthens and diversifies the
Group’s investor capital base.

The private wealth opportunity is significant. Individual
investors are underrepresented in private markets: it has been
estimated that individual investors hold approximately 50% of
global AUM yet account for only 16% of the investment in
alternative investment funds. Demand from individual investors
for insticutional-quality access to private markets continues to
accelerate, with their exposure expected to more than double by
2030. Bridgepoint’s entry into this space looks to take advantage
of this opportunity.

Individual allocations are set to grow by $3 trillion by
2030

Estimated individual investor
private market AUM

$1.6tn

2020

2024F

2030F



===== page 29 =====
27 Bridgepoint

025 Annual Report & Accounts

.. driven by product innovation...

Rising demand from private wealth investors has resulted in a
rapid increase in the need for products and structures suited to
individuals, most notably evergreen vehicles. These vehicles
come with a unique set of portfolio construction and structuring
challenges. Fortunately, the maturity and size of Bridgepoint's
investment platform, with a consistently high level of
deployment and realisations, ensure we have the necessary
foundation for developing such products. Importantly,

our growing wealth team has structured these products

whilst protecting the integrity of the Group's existing
investment processes.

‘As we look to 2026 and beyond, we expect private banks
and wealth platforms to increasingly gravitate towards
private markets firms that have a full suite of asset classes,
the structuring expertise to build the next generation of
offerings, and the investor relations support they require.
We believe that what we have built, and what we can offer
individual investors across different asset classes and
geographical distribution markets, is compelling and well
positioned ro meet furure demand

Evergreen structure net assets surpassed
$490 billion in 2025

Total evergreen structure net assets

2022

Strategic Report

. makes Bridgepoint well positioned to meet
growing demand

We believe that private wealth investors will always seek
exposure to high-quality, high-rerurning opportunities
underpinned by long-term structural themes. As with
institutional investors, the preferences of wealth investors can
vary throughout a market cycle; however, we are in an
environment where the Group’s core areas of expertise -
European mid-market equity, and North American value-add
infrastructure - are resonating with individual investors.

The European mid-market, which investors are attracted to for
greater geographic diversification and where Bridgepoint has an
established track record, offers attractive valuations, multiple
levers for value creation and diverse exit routes that support
strong, repeatable returns, Europe combines depth of
opportunity with favourable pricing and leverage, supporting
multiple expansion and active ownership. Despite modest macro
growth, its diverse economies and innovation clusters continue
to generate sustained deal flow. Individual investors are
increasingly viewing Europe as the most attractive region for
private market investments.

Through ECP, Bridgepoint also invests in enduring structural
themes such as the energy transition and, more recently, the
rapidly growing need for power in the U.S. driven by the
expansion of data centres and AI. Both are multi-decade
opportunities that are helping economies, industnes and
companies decarbonise, innovate and modernise. Private capital
plays a critical role in financing these themes and offers
individual investors access to opportunities that cannot easily be
obtained in public markets.



===== page 30 =====
Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

_ Strategic Report

Bridgepoint Private Wealth continued

Key achievements in 2025

Launch of Bridgepoint Private Wealth

and Bridgepoint Generations

In 2025, Bridgepoint formalised its Private Wealth platform,
dedicating proven people and resources to capture the growth
opportunity in private wealth.

Our inaugural product, Bridgepoint Generations, is one of - if
not the first - globally diversified, mid-marker, direct private
equity offerings delivered in the evergreen fund format.
Bridgepoint Generations is a Luxembourg-domiciled open-
ended fund investing alongside Bridgepoint and ECP’s private
equity strategies. Ic offers insticutional-grade exposure to a
diversified portfolio of private equity assets, building on the
Group’s 40-year record of investing in resilient, high-quality
companies and providing exposure to long-term growth themes.

Alongside this, Bridgepoint launched a similar offering for
Spanish investors, Bridgepoint Generaciones, with Amchor
Investment Strategies acting as Alternative Investment Fund
Manager. Drawing on Bridgepoint’s long-standing presence in
the country, the fund largely replicates Bridgepoint Generations’
investment strategy but in a structure designed for local
investors, demonstrating the platform's ability to draw from its
global reach to create localised vehicles that address specific
regulatory and investor requirements. This offering has also
highlighted the value of high-quality local partnerships and the
Group's growing confidence in adopting novel structures ahead
ofits peers. .

Strategic focus on closed-end fundraising

In 2025, the platform made strong progress, with private wealth
channels playing an important role in the ECP VI fundraise.
Engagement with major U.S. wealth platforms represents a
significant achievement, particularly given the market's
increasing focus on evergreen structures

This approach is also being applied to the BE VIII fundraise,
where Bridgepoint has established relationships with leading
global private wealth platforms around the world, including in
new markets.

Looking ahead

Bridgepoint is expanding its private wealth platform into a
meaningful and stable contributor to total AUM, further
solidifying a balanced and resilient capital model while
maintaining the same investment discipline, governance
standards and transparency that define its institutional approach.

Expanding the Bridgepoint Generations product suite
Building on the success of Bridgepoint Generations’
Luxembourg and Spanish offerings, the Group plans to develop
other country-dedicated vehicles in Europe, where Bridgepoint
continues to benefit from its strong market position, and in
North America, one of the largest and most competitive wealth
markets, where the Group is seeking to grow its presence and
brand recognition.

Strengthening wealth platform partnerships
Bridgepoint's deliberate focus on private wealth partnerships is
expanding its geographic reach and uncovering new
opportunities for closed-end funds, reinforcing its growing role
in fundraising.


===== page 31 =====
29 _ Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

Product expansion

Bridgepoint is leveraging the expertise and resources
developed across its broader platform to bring private
wealth investors access to additional asset classes.

The Group is developing ECP Yield, designed to offer income-oriented
exposure to real assets in the energy-transition sector. It also sees potential
for evergreen solutions within its credit strategies. These efforts continue
to broaden wealth participation across Bridgepoint’s full suite of products,
further diversify the Group’s capital base and enable it to continue serving
portfolio companies, investors and shareholders as effectively as possible.

Purpose-built evergreen product offerings
designed for individual investors

Bridgepoint Generations ECP Yield

Middle-Market Private Equity Core+ Infrastructure



===== page 32 =====
30 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts .

Strategic Report

Our people |

We are a people business

Our ability to deliver for our investors, portfolio and shareholders
relies on our ability to attract, develop and retain the best talent.

We aim to recruit the very best talent irrespective of background, foster a workplace where our
people can grow and thrive, and are motivated to drive returns for our investors. We strive to
create a work environment where all types of voices can be heard and high performance is valued.
We operate globally and welcome a broad range of perspectives to help us achieve our investment
and strategic goals.

Our people strategy focuses on four key elements:

1. Attract

We aim to recruit the very best talent, building 1
diverse teams which exhibit drive and a passion

for performance. We create an environment

where the best performers will prosper

2. Develop

We operate an ‘apprenticeship model’ offering
hands-on learning supplemented with bespoke
training and development opportunities

3. Care

Our values define how we do business and
treat people

4. Retain

We nurture a culture where individuals develop
professionally and build exciting careers

Our rewards are weighted towards performance
and long-term alignment with fund investors and
ultimately shareholders


===== page 33 =====
31 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

We foster a creative, connected community

542 >49 68%

employees nationalities of private equity investment
professionals are multilingual

turnover among years average
investment professionals partner tenure
Our values

We do what we say
We do the right thing

We act with intelligence and humility


===== page 34 =====
32

Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Our people continued

Investing in our people

‘At Bridgepoint, investing in our people is fundamental to who
we are. We remain committed to creating an environment where
they can grow, thrive and perform at their best. In 2025, we
continued to strengthen our approach to talent development,
wellbeing and engagement, ensuring our teams have the skills,
support and opportunities they need to build rewarding careers.
Across learning programmes, leadership development,
mentoring, wellbeing initiatives and regular feedback
mechanisms, we are focused on enabling our people to reach
their full potential and contribute meaningfully to the Group's
long-term performance.

Talent development

Complementing this hands-on approach, the Group provides a
wide variety of formal talent and leadership development
programmes. As part of this, we support and encourage cohort
learning, international rotations and secondments, fostering
diverse experiences across markets, funds and teams. These
programmes are continuously evolving to remain current and
relevant to the needs of our colleagues. We also have a learning
platform which provides a wealth of online courses and modules.

Employee engagement

Listening and learning from colleagues is important to how we
develop and retain talent. We conduct regular employee
engagement surveys that help shape people and engagement
initiatives at a Group and product level. Our latest survey achieved
an 84% participation rate and an overall engagement score of 7.6
out of 10. Highlights from 2025 inchuded strong peer relationships,
effective goal setting fair treatment of people from all backgrounds,
and continued confidence in the clarity and relevance of our
Group level and product level business strategies.

Mentoring

Mentoring is an important part of how we support development
across the Group, helping colleagues build confidence, gain new
perspectives and strengthen connections. Our internal
programmes continue to be popular and we also encourage
colleagues to engage in external schemes, such as Level 20's
mentoring programme, to broaden their necworks and support
their continued growth.

Wellbeing

Supporting the mental and physical wellbeing of our people is a
core priority. We offer a range of mental health resources -
including our Employee Assistance Programme, the Thrive app,
access to professional psychologists and comprehensive private
health cover. This is complemented by wellbeing events year-
round. This year we invited Dr Rupy Aujla to speak during our
Global Wellbeing Week, where he shared practical insights on
improving health and building sustainable habits. In addition,
our local offices curate their own year-round activities -

from mindfulness workshops to fitness sessions and

community initiatives.

Diversity and inclusion

We continue to invest in an inclusive culture that creates
meaningful opportunities for people from all backgrounds to
engage with our industry and succeed within it. Our approach is
rooted in long-term partnerships and community programmes
thar help widen access, nurture early talent and support
underrepresented groups.

Through our six-week summer internship with the 10,000
Interns Foundation, we provide hands-on experience and
mentoring to black students and students from under-
represented backgrounds, helping to remove barriers to entry
into the investment industry. This year, we also launched a new
partnership with the Social Mobility Foundation, offering
mentorship through their Aspiring Professionals Programme to
high-potential scadents, supporting them as they navigate their
academic and early-career choices.

We continue our long-standing relationship with the
Greenhouse Sports School Partnership, engaging with young
people through skills-based sessions and community
volunteering. Our industry partnerships - including Level 20,
Out Investors, France Invest, and the ILPA Diversity in Action
initiative - further reinforce our commitment to driving
equitable access, inclusive workplaces and greater representation
across private markets.

Together, these partnerships and programmes reflect our belief
that inclusion strengthens our firm, our industry and the
communities we work within.

Spotlight: Out Investors France and UK events
As part of our ongoing partnership with Out Investors, we
were proud to partner with them for their summer
receptions in both the UK and France. These events
provided an important platform to connect with industry
peers and champion greater LGBTQ representation
across private markets. Each reception brought together
members of the Out Investors community and mentors as
part of their newly established mentoring programme.



===== page 35 =====
33

Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

People and inclusion spotlights

Insights Week 2025

Now in its ninth year, Insights Week is a summer programme
offering in-depth exposure to Bridgepoint and the investment
industry. The programme is central to our social mobility
initiative, partnering with local schools and organisations like the
Social Mobility Foundation to recruit talented young people. We
address barriers to opportunity by collaborating closely with
these groups.

This year, we welcomed 40 students, giving them a chance to
explore our different business areas and build professional skills
through hands-on sessions such as CV and interview skills
workshops and speed networking. During the week, students
experienced face-to-face interactions with colleagues from
various parts of the company and had opportunities to network
with their peers.

International Associates Programme 2025

‘This aucumn we welcomed the 2025 cohort of our International
Associate Programme (IAP), marking the start of their two-year
development journey with the Group. The IAP brings together
Associates from across the global network and strategies,
providing a structured platform to build key professional skills,
strengthen internal connections, and exchange ideas and
perspectives.

Over a cwo-day welcome event, 20 Associates representing five
geographies heard from senior leaders across the Group who
shared experiences and advice. The cohort also took part ina
series of interactive workshops designed to build skills.

“Insights Week gave me valuable
insight across private markets.
Speaking directly with people at
Bridgepoint made the career paths feel
real and achievable, and the exposure
to the many different roles has helped
shape my understanding of where my
strengths and interests align within
the industry.”

Dennis Malaj, Insights Week participant

“Participating in mini-presentations
and intimate networking sessions
with Bridgepoint employees
created a highly personalised

and engaging experience.”

‘Ayan Abdallah, Insights Week participant

“The IAP was an incredibly enriching
experience. A well-balanced blend of
learning and exposure to different
parts of the business, reflection and
connection with the cohort. It was a
highlight to have small group sessions
led by senior leaders as well as
engaging workshops with interactive
investment sessions. Every element of
the programme was curated to bring us
a unique point of view in the business.”

Victoria Jooris, Associate and IAP 2025 participant


===== page 36 =====
34 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

Investment professionals

The learning and development pathway
for investment professionals

We provide structured development at all levels, and these include:

1

Associate Investment mae = Partner

International Associate m= New Partner
Programme [Conferenceony Development
The International iDeadershipy : by

Associate Programme Jame aan whitdte °

recruits top talent and aims

to develop the next EXcevelopsieadersbipy

generation of leaders across .
the Group. As patt of this err eaturesyactiveslearningy
eostmandcnand

two-year programme, there

are several elements, geiasand
including: °
ftheGroupstseniog
~ regular modules on textes
technical and

behavioural skills;
= mentoring support; and
= opportunity for a
rotation to another office



===== page 37 =====
35

Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Stakeholder engagement and
section 172(1) statement

Key stakeholders

The Board has identified its key
stakeholders as colleagues, the community,
fund investors, portfolio companies,
regulators, shareholders and suppliers.

Colleagues

Community

Fund investors

Portfolio companies

Regulators

Shareholders

Suppliers

Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 requires the Directors
to act in a way that they consider, in good faith, would most
likely promote the success of the Company for the benefit of its
members as a whole

In doing this, section 172 requires the Directors to have regard,
amongst other matters, to:

~ the likely consequences of any decisions in the long-term;

- the interests of the Company's employees;

~ the need to foster the Company’s business relationships with
suppliers, customers and others;

= the impact of the Company's operations on the community
and environment;

= the desirability of the Company maintaining a reputation for
high standards of business conduct; and

~ the need to act fairly as between members of the Company.

The Corporate Governance Code requires the Board to
understand the views of the Company's key stakeholders and
describe how their interests, and the matters set out in section
172 of the Companies Act 2006, have been considered by the
Board in discussions and decision-making. .


===== page 38 =====
36 Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

Stakeholder engagement continued

‘The key considerations in respect of these stakeholders and the Board's approach to engaging with them are explained below.

Key considerations
The Bridgepoint Group
is a people business.

Its employees are
integral to the
continued success of
the Group, and
therefore the retention,
development and
motivation of

colleagues is key.

How the Group engages with colleagues

‘The Board actively engages with colleagues through a variery of channels, including town
hall briefings, videos and meetings. The Group conducts an employee engagement survey
onan annual basis to obtain feedback from employees, the results of which are fed back to
business unit heads, senior management and the Board as appropriate, and a number of
actions are taken in response. The year-on-year change in survey results is monitored
carefully as part of this review.

Members of the Board meet with various members of senior management and colleagues
from across the business, both through Board and committee meetings and through
separate discussions.

A designated Non-Executive Director (Angeles Garcia-Poveda) is responsible for gathering
employee feedback and spent time at a number of Group offices during 2025 as well as at
the Group’s global offsite in the Aucumn, The Group continuously invests in its people
through internal career development, inclusiviry and engagement initiatives, further detail
on which can be found on pages 30 to 34.



===== page 39 =====
37

Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Fund investors
Key considerations
Fund investors are a
central focus of the
Group’s business.
They provide

the capital which the
Group invests as part
of its investment
management activities
and are who the
Group owes
regulatory duties to.

Shareholders
Key considerations
A strong and
transparent
relationship with
shareholders is essential
for the long-term
success of the Group.

How the Group engages with fund investors

The Group has a dedicated investor relations function, with deep and expanding specialities
across the Group's private equicy, credit, and infrastructure strategies. During the year, these
professionals focused on managing and strengthening the Group’s relationships with fund
investors while seeking to develop new relationships with prospective investors, utilising a
matrix approach combining product and geographic coverage.

In 2025, the Group sustained a high level of fundraising activities across all of its strategies,
with investor discussions increasingly covering multiple products offered by the Group,
with regular investor touchpoints through annual investor meetings, investor committee
meetings and individual sessions. The private wealth channel has led to conversations with
discributors and intermediaries representative of a broad investor base, bringing new
perspectives to managing client relationships and funds. Through these and other
discussions, investors’ views are regularly heard on a range of topics, with regular updates on
investor feedback and ongoing fundraising activity provided to the Board and to senior
management, farther embedding investor insight into decision-making.

Fund investors and distributors typically undertake due diligence on the Group as part
of their assessment of an investment into a fund managed by the Group. These exercises
continue to provide an up-to-date view of the primary concerns and considerations of
investors, with investor views being constantly factored into how the Group establishes,
manages, and operates the funds in which investors invest.

How the Group engages with shareholders
During 2025 the Directors continued to have regular engagement with shareholders of the
Company, with substantial rime invested in meeting with and hearing from existing and
prospective shareholders.

The Group's global offsite held in the Autumn also provided an opportunity for the Board
and its Non-Executive Directors to connect with various employee shareholders.

As in previous years, following the release of financial results, shareholders and analysts
were given the opportunity to join a webcast attended by certain Directors to discuss the
results and raise questions.

This engagement helped the Board to understand the, at times, conflicting interests of
different shareholders, and to make decisions in a way that treats shareholders and other
stakeholders fairly



===== page 40 =====
38 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

Stakeholder engagement continued

Portfolio companies
Key considerations

The companies in
which funds managed
by the Group invest are
the source of returns to
the Group’s fund
investors and
ultimately its
shareholders. Portfolio
companies employ over
430,000 people and
have a significant role
in the wider
community.

How the Group engages with portfolio companies

‘Asa prudent and responsible investor the Group is focused on sustainable value creation
through financial and non-financial improvement. Strong relationships with portfolio
company management teams allow for better strategic decision-making at the investment
level, driving value within portfolio companies and ultimately benefiting portfolio company
stakeholders, relevant fund investors and the Group’s shareholders.

The Group's investment teams are the primary engagement mechanism with portfolio
companies, with investments across the Group's equity strategies typically involving the
appointment of investment professionals as directors on portfolio company boards.
Investments in the Group's credit strategy are typically characterised by close relationships
with CFOs and management teams through the lender relationship.

Beyond its engagement model, the Group supports portfolio companies throughout the
investment lifecycle to improve operations and manage risk. It conducts cyber maturity
assessments, engages with management, and provides integrated reporting on security
domains to company leaders and internal stakeholders, supporting alignment and
knowledge sharing. Companies can access advisers as extensions of cyber teams, and cyber
is embedded in investment processes to drive best practice and responsible investment.

‘The Group's Sustainability team engages with portfolio companies in relation to a range of
sustainability topics. This includes providing onboarding guidance for new portfolio.
companies, ongoing support with enhancements to business practices in response to an
evolving regulatory landscape, and access to a dedicated mailbox encouraging open dialogue
between the Group and portfolio companies. An annual sustainability survey is also carried
out. For more information on our approach ro sustainability see pages 42 t0 43.



===== page 41 =====
39 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

Key considerations
The Group recognises
its role in society and is
committed to
contributing positively
to the communities in
which it operates.

How the Group engages with the community

‘The Bridgepoint Group has a long history of charitable giving and communiry outreach and
actively seeks opportunities to support and partner with organisations in the communities
where its people live and work, focusing on initiatives where its advice, support and
resources can make a meaningful difference.

‘Throughout the year, the Group supported a range of work experience and early careers
initiatives, including Insights Week in London, participation in local schools’ careers fairs,
and the Investing Potential Programme led by the Credit business, The Amsterdam office
hosted 20 young women as part of the Level 20 PE Summer Academy, delivering an
inspiring and interactive afternoon designed to provide insight into the private equity
industry. These programmes are designed to improve access to the industry and provide
students with practical exposure to professional services and investment careers.

As part of wider industry engagement, local offices and teams hosted and sponsored several
networking and community events. These included a Level 20 speed networking event
aimed at young professional women entering the industry, and sponsorship of Out
Investors’ summer receptions in London and Paris. Colleagues also took part in community
fundraising and participation events across multiple locations, including the Pride Run in
Luxembourg and the Run of Hope in Stockholm, a charity run supporting the Childhood
Cancer Foundation, Barncancerfonden.

Continuing its long-standing charitable partnership, the Frankfurt office once again
supported Lebenshilfe Frankfurt at cheir annual summer party. In addition, a Christmas gift
appeal remained an important focus for many offices. Gifts, food and other items were
donated to local schools, charities supporting vulnerable young people and families, and
community food organisations,



===== page 42 =====
40

Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Stakeholder engagement continued

Regulators

Key considerations
Regulators provide
oversight in respect of
how the Group operates
its business. The interests
of fund investors and
shareholders are served
by the Group engaging
constructively

with regulators.
Suppliers

Key considerations

Strong and productive
relations with suppliers
are important to the
Group’s day-to-day
functioning.

How the Group engages with regulators

The Group continued to engage with regulators across its global network throughout 2025,
both in the ordinary course of its business through reporting and regulatory applications, but
also in connection with the expansion of the Group’s fund management capabilities.

The Group contributes to industry bodies such as UK Private Capital (formerly the British
Private Equity & Venture Capital Association), Invest Europe, the American Investment
Council, and the Electric Power Supply Association, and through these and other channels
the Group participates in regulator consultations.

How the Group engages with suppliers
The Group regularly engages with its key suppliers, many of which are established and
reputable professional services firms, to ensure that each party understands the requirements
of the other and to ensure transparent and constructive relations.

The Group typically approaches several providers when new or renewed service provision
is required which helps ensure a supplier is selected with an alignment of expectations. Once
selected, the onboarding process for the chosen provider creates an open dialogue where a
mutually beneficial relationship can be forged in the interests of both parties and ultimately
the Group's other stakeholders as well.

The Group ensures appropriate due diligence is undertaken in respect of third-party service
providers prior to appointment, and in 2025 it commenced work to enhance its onboarding
protocols to further improve this process.



===== page 43 =====
4 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

‘The Board’s approach during 2025 to the matters set out in section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 is set out below.

Relevant consideration under section 172(1) of the Companies Act 2006

‘The Board's approach in 2025

(a) Long-term consequences of decisions

‘The Board maintains oversight of the Group's performance, and
Teserves to itself specific matters for approval, including overall
commercial strategy and the business plan of the Group. This allows
the Board to ensure that longer-term considerations are taken into
account.

Details of the Group’s strategy are set out on pages 16 to 18 of this
Annual Report. During the year, the Board spent time discussing the
growth strategy of the Group and organic and inorganic opportunities
for growth, the 2025/6 budget, the five-year medium-term plan,
senior management succession planning, and fundraising activities.

Further details of other matters considered by the Board during the
year are set out on page 89.

(b) Interests of employees

‘The Board has designated Angeles Garcia-Poveda as the Non-
Executive Director responsible for gathering workforce feedback.

More generally, the Board recognises the importance of employee
engagement and diversity, equity and inclusion, and has incorporated
them as measures of Executive Director performance.

In the second half of the year the Board considered the results of an
employee engagement survey during 2025, and the Remuneration
Committee considered broader workforce remuneration.

(c) Fostering business relationships
with suppliers, customers and others

Details on engagement with the Group's stakeholders are set out on
pages 35 to 40.

(d) Impact of operations on the
community and the environment

During 2025 the Board’s ESSG Commitcee discussed various
sustainability matters. Group operations have been contributing to
carbon neutrality since 2020 with further details on this and other
sustainability matters set out on pages 38 and 42 to 43.

(e) Desirability of maintaining
a reputation for high standards of
business conduct

‘The corporate governance framework of the Group is summarised on
page 87.
The Group maintains high standards of corporate governance and has

complied with all the provisions of the Corporate Governance Code
throughout the year.

‘At Board meetings, the Group's Company Secretary highlights
developments in corporate governance and wider legal requirements.

(f) The need to act fairly as between
members of the Company

Details on engagement with the Group's shareholders are set out on
page 37.

The Group benefits from the shareholder base including a significant
number of colleagues in the business. However, to ensure that the
views of third-party shareholders are taken into account, a number of
mechanisms are used to gather their views including meetings with
senior management and the shareholder relations team.



===== page 44 =====
42

Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

ESSG: Our approach to sustainable growth

Built for resilience

We are long-term growth investors, backing businesses at critical
stages in their lifecycle. This gives us the opportunity to drive
positive change - in financial performance and in how our
companies support the resilience, security and wellbeing of the
societies in which they operate.

Our approach considers four interconnected pillars that are
material to long-term value creation: environmental, social,
security and governance. Together, these factors shape how we
assess risk and opportuniry, support growth and steward
businesses through change.

‘When we invest, we invest to grow. We look for strong:
performing, balanced businesses with the potential to scale,
innovate and endure. Through our infrastructure arm, ECP, we
invest in energy transition, electrification and sustainable real
assets that underpin the reliability and sovereignty of energy
supply for communities in a secure manner.

Alongside growth, we focus on building resilience. As stewards,
we believe long-term value creation depends not only on
environmental sustainability, social factors and good governance,
but also on economic and operational security - whether through
the stability and opportunity that comes from well-paid, skilled
jobs or the resilience of communities supported by reliable
access to energy and essential services.

In practice, this means helping the businesses we back to
withstand and adapc to disruption and in turn to help others to
do the same. This includes building capacity in sectors critical to
the long-term wellbeing of national and local economies, from
resilient supply chains and critical infrastructure to
cybersecurity, data and digital systems, alongside other
contributions to long-term national capability. This also includes
assessing opportunities and risks associated with emerging
technologies, including artificial intelligence, to ensure that
innovation is pursued responsibly, risks are well-managed and
long-term value creation is supported.

Our ambition is co generate sustainable returns for the millions
of beneficiaries of our funds - scaling well-governed businesses
that can manage evolving risks and regulatory expectations and
contribute to a more sustainable and resilient economy.

on
a (kk ok ok *)
balatig meals

Sustainability performance

UN PRI

In our 12th year as a UN PRI signatory, we are pleased to have
once again achieved strong results across the relevant modules.’
Our latest ratings reflect our continued commitment to
integrating a range of factors essential for sustainable growth and
resilience throughout the fill lifecycle of our investments.

While our scores have adjusted in line with evolving
methodologies, these results demonstrate the strength of our
stewardship approach and on our ongoing focus on building
resilient businesses.

Sustainalytics

Our Sustainalytics rating for 2025 reflects continued
improvements in our governance processes, risk management
approach and the resilience of our operating model.

This year, our score places us in the 30th percentile in our sub-
industry (Asset Management and Custody Services).

~> For more information on risk management processes
more general:

please see pages 65 to 71.



===== page 45 =====
43 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

Sustainability throughout investment cycles

Bridgepoint

Considers material sustainability factors throughout our investment
processes that represent risks or opportunities for our stakeholders.

Cre

Pre investment

Each strategy identifies sustainability risks and opportunities as part of the pre-investment due diligence process
This may include exclusion lists for non-compliant sectors or investments where sustainability risks cannot be mitigated.

Post investment

We encourage delivery across a range of identified gaps in sustainability priorities.

Collaboration with portfolio companies from the outset ensures | Margin racchets are used to incentivise companies and sponsors
‘material risks identified within due diligence are addressed, and _| to improve their management of material sustainability topics,
governance structures and sustainability priorities are agreed with performance tied to specific targets.

and progressed early on.

Ongoing engagement, monitoring and support

Throughout our investment relationship, to ensure we manage sustainability
risks and seize opportunities, as well as meeting investor reporting demands.

| Regular reviews of sustainability progress and alignment Regular surveys and bi-annual portfolio reviews ensure

| with industry standards, with portfolio companies having access} continuous assessment of sustainability performance and
to tailored resources and guidance. '} engagement with portfolio companies on sustainability issues.
Annual sustainability data collection from portfolio companies, | Responses to these surveys and regular data collection inform
with key performance indicators used in regular reporting updated sustainability scores, which allows tracking of company

| to committees. progress over the investment period.

|

\

| We seek to support portfolio companies to develop robust governance
1 and sustainability risk management ahead of exit.

a

| il



===== page 46 =====
44

Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Financial review

KPls: tracking our performance

Total AUM ($bn)

$94.1bn

94.1

75.6

40.6

465

Fee Paying AUM (€bn)

€38.8bn

38.7 38.8

23.4

FRE (£m)

£156.4m

155.3 156.4

95.0 Nios

2022 2023 2024 2025

DOM Organic growth
mm ECP

2022 2023 2024 2025

2022* 2023 2024** 2025

FRE margin (%)
9
36.6%
38.4% 36.6%
35.7%
30.6% 6.35
2022* 2023 2024** 2025

Description
The total value of assets held
in the Group's funds plus the

Description
Assets under management
‘upon which management fees

Description
FRE is a measure of
underlying profitability,

Description
FRE margin is a measure
of underlying profitability,

value of capital which has are charged by the Group, excluding PRE excluding investment income
n committed but not yet including CLOs an ve
ane naead CLO Definition Definition
Definition See page 211 for definition See page 212 for definition
finition r are
Definitio See page 210 for Remuneration linkage Restated to exclude non-operating
See page 210 for a detailed definition ali foreign exchange grins/losses
a detailed definition . Links to the ‘FRE’ element * The pro forma results assume that
Link to strategy of the annual bonus plan the aeqisition of ECP completed on
. A January 2024.
Link to strategy All three strategies aim to Restated to exclude non-operating
All three strategies aim to grow Fee Paying AUM foreign exchange gains/losses.
* ‘The pro forma results assume that
grow AUM (see page 16) the acquisition of ECP completed on
(see page 16) 1 January 2024.
Outcome Outcome Outcome Outcome

Total AUM increased by
24.5% to $94.1 billion €80.3
billion) primarily due co initial
commitments raised for ECP
Vi and BDL IV and the impact
of revaluations of fund
investments.

Fee Paying AUM increased by
0.3% to €38.8 billion
primarily due to initial
commitments raised for ECP
Vi and an increase in invested
capital in our credit strategies,
offset by asset realisations.

FRE increased 0.7% to £156.4
million due to higher
management and other fees
from an increase in Fee Paying
‘AUM. FRE excluding catch-
up fees in both periods would
represent an increase of

13.0%.

FRE margin fell to 36.6% due
to the impact of catch-up fees
in the prior period. FRE
margin excluding catch-up
fees in both periods would
represent an increase of
2.3ppt.


===== page 47 =====
45

Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

PRE (£m)

£151.6m

151.6
138.5

649
55.3

Underlying EBITDA (£m)

£304.8m

292.9 3048

139.2 148.8

159.7

EBITDA (£m)

£242.7m

242.7
224.7

136.0

97.1 p47

Profit before tax (Em)

£85.7m

150.0
127.4

86.0

2022 2023 2024** 2025

2022” 2023 2024** 2025

2022* 2023 2024** 2025

2022 2023 2024** 2025

Organic growth
mm ECP
Description Description Description Description
PRE isa measure of income Underlying EBITDA A measure of profitability prior A statutory measure of profit
atcriburable to fund excluding exceptional to depreciation of property after expenses, depreciation

performance and consists of
income from the fair value re-
measurement of investments
and carried interest

expenses related to the ECP
transaction, the acquisition of
EQT Credit, the Group’s IPO
and M&A due diligence which
‘were not incurred in the

leases, amortisation of intangible
assets, the cost of financing and
taxation

Definition

and amortisation and
financing but before taxation

Definition
Profit for the year

oe fore taxat
Definition  sefniion mormal course of business and See age 211 for before axation
ee page 210 for definition certain adjusted items heii “The pro forma results assume that
+ 5 . the acquisition of ECP completed on
we Restated to exclude non-operatiny the ac pl
Remuneration linkage Definition foreign exchange guinslowes. January 2024
Links to ‘PRE’ element ofthe see page 211 for “The pro forma results assume that
‘4 an the acquisition of ECP completed on
annual bonus plan a detailed definition Viewer 2028
“The pro forma results assume that
the acquisition of ECP completed on Restated to exclude non-operating
TJamsury 2024 foreign exchange gains/losses.
“+ ‘The pro forma results assume that
the acquisition of ECP completed on
1 January 2024.
Outcome Outcome Outcome Outcome
PRE was 9.5% higher due Underlying EBITDA grew by EBITDA increased by 8.0% to Reported profit before tax
to valuation progression and 4.4% due to higher FRE and £242.7 million due to the decreased by £64.3 million to
exit activicy in the Bridgepoint PRE, increase in underlying £85.7 million, reflecting the

and ECP funds.

EBITDA and PRE
adjustments, partially offset by
the increase in exceptional
expenses primarily relating to
the ECP transaction.

fall-year contribution of ECP
and higher management fees
and co-investment income,
offset by higher exceptional
costs, amortisation of
intangibles, and finance and
other costs in relation to the
ECP transaction


===== page 48 =====
46

Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Financial review

CFO statement

The Group’s financial performance in 2025 is ahead of expectations and benefitted
from positive momentum in fundraising, including fees from the start of ECP VI, and
continued valuation growth and exit momentum in our funds.

Financial results, compared with prior year
numbers that include ECP ona pro forma basis

Management fees and FRE

Underlying management and other income increased by 5.9% to
£427.7 million, including fees relating to ECP VI which started
in May, and fees from the final closes of BDC V and BG I.

Growth in management fees, excluding the impact of catch-up.
fees recognised, was £48.4 million or 13.0% (catch-up fees of
£30.4 million in the year ended 31 December 2024, compared
to £5.7 million in the year ended 31 December 2025).

‘The ECP V1 fundraising, together with the start of fees on BE
VII, will result in a meaningful increase in Fee Paying AUM,
enhanced fee visibility and a further step up in profitabilicy
following the conclusion of BE VIII fundraising in 2027

FRE of £156.4 million or £150.7 million excluding catch-up
fees, represents an increase of 20.7% excluding catch-up fees in
both periods. This delivered a margin of 36.6%, or 35.7%
excluding catch-up fees, which compares to 38.4% and 33.4%
respectively in the prior period, benefitting from fundraising and
locks in margin for the medium term.

PRE

Fund performance is critical to our ability to raise new funds.
Across our strategies our funds continue to perform well. During
2025, PRE was driven by valuation growth in BE VI and VII,
ECP IV and V and the Calpine Continuation Fund and exits such
as Kereis, Vermaat, Calpine and Symmetry.

PRE delivered £151.6 million of income, representing 26.2% of
total income and included carried interest income from BE VI,
which was recognised for the first time.

The outlook for portfolio exits remains positive with multiple
exits planned for 2026. The sale of Calpine closed in January
2026, wich two thirds of the consideration being in shares, the
timing of monetisation of which will impact the level of earnings
in 2026 and 2027.

Profitability and margins
Underlying EBITDA was £304.8 million, an increase of 4.4%
compared to £292.0 million for the year ended 31 December
2024 due to higher FRE and PRE.

‘The underlying EBITDA margin was 52.6%. Margins are
therefore moving towards the EBITDA margin target we set out
at our Capital Markets Day of between 55% to 60% on the
conclusion of the next fund cycles.

Underlying profit before tax (excluding FX) was £251.5 million,
an increase of 0.7% from 2024.

Reported profit before tax was £85.7 million and reported profit
after tax of £56.7 million compared to £80.7 million and £69.1
million respectively in the year ended 31 December 2024.

AUM and fundraising

‘At 31 December 2025 the Group’s AUM of $94.1 billion
compared with $75.6 billion at 31 December 2024 (or $81.8
billion on a constant currency basis)

Fee Paying AUM grew by 13.5% to £45.5bn (€38.8 billion)
compared to 31 December 2024. This includes the impact of
capital raised for new private equity and infrastructure funds,
alongside capital deployed in credit and positive FX movements,
partially offset by the impact of divestments and funds subject to
astep down.

Fund commitments raised in 2025 totalled €7.5 billion. We
have now raised €14 billion, and we are confident of delivering
our target of €24 billion by the end of the year. In 2026,
fundraising is expected to continue for BE VIII and BCO V, and
to conclude for ECP VI and BDL IV.

Addition of the Newbury team

The addition of the team from Newbury, which completed in
February 2026, adds a business with strong scalability and
operating leverage in the medium term, but with limited EBITDA
impact in the initial years.

Balance sheet, cash and financing
We are a balance sheet light business, with modest leverage.

At 31 December 2025 the Group had cash of £193.5 million
(excluding cash belonging to consolidated CLOs and other
restricted cash), an increase of £102.7 million, reflecting
operating cash flows (excluding those belonging to third-party
CLOs and other investors) of £171.6 million and net cash
received from investments made in previous years.

‘The Group is supported by $614.0 million (£456.2 million,
excluding capitalised facility costs) of US private placement
notes in issue, which have an average maturity of 4.8 years. Net
leverage represents 1.0x of 2025 underlying EBITDA.
Additionally, the Group completed a renewal of the revolving
credit facility during March 2026, providing £400.0 million of
undrawn liquidity. .

‘Throughout the course of this section reference is made to adjusted measures
which the Group considers to be APMs or key KPIs. These are not defined or
recognised under IFRS but are used by the Directors and management to analyse
the business and financial performance, rack the Group's progress and help
develop long-term strategic plans. Pages 206 to 214 set out definitions of each of
the APMs used within che CFO statement and how they can be reconciled back
wo the financial stacements.



===== page 49 =====
47 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

>
Ruth Prior
Group Chief Financial Officer

Ac the end of 2025 the Group held investments in funds of
£743.5 million (inchading the Group’s exposure to CLO notes
and excluding the interests of third-party investors), and carried
interest at a discounted value of £148.9 million, which together
totals £1.1 billion, without the carried interest discount.

The indicative total furure value of PRE from existing funds up
t0 2030 is £0.9 billion and an additional £1.1 billion expected
from the next vintage of funds. When taken together with
investments already on the balance sheer, this equates to over £3
billion of value to shareholders, providing the opportunity for
significant potential future profitability and conversion to cash
in the medium term.

Capital allocation and share liquidity

We allocate capital in order to support organic growth, invest in
our funds, undertake strategic M&A, pay dividends and generate
capital returns.

Alongside our 2025 results, we have announced a final proposed
dividend of 4.7 pence per share to be paid in May, in addition to
the 4.7 pence per share paid following the 2025 interim results.

Our previous share buyback programme expired in March
2025, which together with the prior programme, repurchased
shares with a total value of £71.3 million. In June 2025 we
announced a renewed directed share buyback programme of up
toa further £50.0 million, which has now been extended and is
expected to complete on or before 31 May 2027. The buyback
can be activated at times of marker dislocation when we feel that
our share price does not reflect underlying performance. During
2025, buybacks totalled £4.1 million and represented a return of
04 pence per share.

Acthe IPO a staggered lock-up of up to five years was agreed with
pre-IPO management shareholders and, of the lock-ups remaining,
100 million shares were released in 2025 and the final 167 million
shares will be released in 2026. In addition, as shares related to the
ECP transaction are issued, lock-ups applying to these shares will
expire between 2026 and 2029. In November a group of
shareholders sold 24.4 million shares in a placing increasing the
free float. As lock-ups expire, and additional shares are sold, the free
float will farther increase.

Overall

Our performance in 2025 is consistent with our full-year guidance
and ahead of expectations. Momentum for fundraising and exits is
strong, positioning the Group well co meet its financial objectives in
2026 and ultimately towards our ambition to grow to around
$200 billion of AUM within the next fund cycles.

ne ch.

Ruth Prior
Group Chief Financial Officer

| Guidance

M&A

| Fundraising

On track to deliver 2024-26 fundraising guidance of
€24 billion.

P| BE VIII expected ro become fee paying in mid 2026

BDL IV fundraising has exceeded cover number of
€4 billion, deploying since Q1 2025
BCO V commenced fundraising in H2 2025, first

close is expected in mid 2026 and to continue into
2027

Intention to close two CLOs per year

ECP V1 became fee paying in May 2025 and has
raised $3.7 billion to date, with further closes expected
in 2026

Further co-investment, continuation fund and SMA
opportunities

orig

Newbury secondaries closed on 6 February 2026.
Expected to breakeven in first two years

Management fees

Consistent 13 -16% management fee growth

cee |

Expenses

Continue to expect high single-digit growth
PRE

Expected to be 20 - 25% of total income in 2026 and 2027,
profile subject to timing of further recognition of BE VI carry
and sale of Constellation shares

EBITDA margin

Expected to be 55 - 60% in 2026/27.



===== page 50 =====
48 __Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Financial review continued

Financial summary

Yearended

Proforma Year 31 December

ended 2024 (ECP:

Yearended}] 31 December from Change
31 December] 2024 completion 25 vs. Pro Change
20254 (ECP: full year) dace) forma’ 24(%6) 25 vs. 24 (%)
Total AUM ($bn) 94.1] N/A 75.6 N/A 24.5%
Total AUM (€bn) 80.3 N/A 73.0 N/A 10.0%
Fee Paying AUM (€bn) 38.8) N/A 38.7 N/A 0.3%
Fee Paying AUM ($bn) 45.5, N/A 40.1 N/A 13.5%
Management fee margin on Fee Paying AUM (%) 1.18%] 1.17% 1.17%  O.01ppt 0.01 ppt
Underlying management and other income (£m) 427.7: 404.0 337.0 5.9% 26.9%
Underlying total operating income (£m) + 579.3) 542.5 4277 68% 35.4%
Total expenses (excluding exceptional expenses, adjusted items

and personnel expenses excluded from FRE) (Em) (271.3), (248.7) (212.4) 9.1% 27.7%
Underlying EBITDA (£m) 304.8) 292.0 213.5 4.4% 42.8%
Underlying EBITDA margin (%) 52.6% 53.8% 49.9% _(1.20)ppt__2.70 ppt
FRE (£m) 156.4! 155.3 124.6 0.7% 25.5%
FRE margin (%) 36.6%] 384% 37.0% (1.80)ppr__ (0.40)ppr
FRE margin (exchading catch-up fees) (%) (35.7% 33.4% 325%  230ppt 3.20 ppt
PRE (£m) __151.6 138.5 90.7 9.5% 67.1%
Underlying profit before tax (excluding FX) (Em) 251.5! 249.8 180.5 0.7% 39.3%
Underlying profit before tax (Em) 248.3 237.5 168.2 4.5% 47.6%
Profit before tax (£m) 85.7 150.0 80.7 (42.9)% 6.2%
Underlying profit after tax (Em) 219.3 211.9 156.6 3.5% 40.0%
Profit after tax (Em) 56.7, 124.4 69.1 (54.4)% (17.9%
Basic EPS (pence) 5.0; 15.1 8.0 (66.9)% (37.51%
Diluted EPS (pence)" 49 12.2 79 (59.8)% (38.0)%
Underlying basic EPS (pence) 26.5 25.7 19.5 3.1% 35.9%
Underlying diluted EPS (pence)! 1 25.7| 20.6 19.0 24.8% 35.3%

“The pro forma results assume that the acquisition of ECP completed on 1 January 2024.

1. 2024 comparative information is restated, further derails are included in note 13 of the consolidated financial statements.

The financial summary above and throughout the remainder of this section of the Annual Report includes two comparisons:

= the underlying results for the year ended 31 December 2025 have been compared against the underlying results for the year
ended 31 December 2024 with ECP results included from the completion date (20 August 2024) of the acquisition to show the

progression of the Group performance; and

~ the underlying results for the year ended 31 December 2025 have been compared against underlying results for the year ended
31 December 2024 on a pro forma basis, including full-year financial performance of ECP as if the acquisition had occurred on 1
January 2024, thereby providing a clearer indication of the impact of ECP performance on the Group.


===== page 51 =====
49 __Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

Total AUM development during the year

€billion Private equity Credit _ Infrastructure Total
31 December 2024 31.0 13.8 28.2 73.0
Fundraising 03 34 38 75
Divestments (5.0) (08) (1.3) (7.1),
Revaluations 13 03 86 10.2
Foreign exchange movements - - (3.3) (3.3);
31 December 2025 276 16.7 36.0 80.3|

Total AUM at 31 December 2025 was €80.3 billion ($94.1 billion) compared to €73.0 billion ($75.6 billion) at the end of 2024.
‘The increase is primarily due to commitments raised to date for ECP VI (infrastructure) and final commitments for BDC V and BG II
(private equity), deployment of BDL II! and BCO TV (credit) and launch of CLO VIII and IX (credit), and the impact of valuation
growth of fund investments.

Fee Paying AUM development during the year

€billion Private equity Credit Infrastructure [Total]
31 December 2024 19.3 88 10.6 38.7{
Fundraising: fees on committed capital 03 - 34 37

Deployment of funds: fees on invested capital 03 3.0 03 3.6

Realisations (0.9) (1.3) (0.9) (3.1)
Step down (2.8) - - 28)
Foreign exchange movements - - (1.3) (1.3),
31 December 2025 16.2 10.5 12.1 38.8]

Fee Paying AUM at 31 December 2025 was €38.8 billion ($45.5 billion) compared to €38.7 billion ($40.1 billion) at the end of
2024, with the increase due to commitments raised to date for ECP VI (infrastructure) and final commitments for BDC V and BG Il
(private equity), an increase in invested capital in our credic strategies and the launch of CLO VIII and IX, which became fee paying
during the period, offset by asset realisations.

Fundraising
Fund commitments raised in 2025 totalled €7.5 billion. We have now raised €14 billion of our €24 billion targec.

BDC V and BG Il (both private equity) had final closes of €2.8 billion and €0.3 billion in the first half of 2025. BE VIII launched
with a cover number of €7.5 billion and a formal first close is expected in Q2 2026, before it becomes fee paying mid-year.

BDLIV and BCO V (both credit) continued fundraising during 2025. At year-end BDL IV had raised €4.2 billion, which is in excess
of its cover number of €4 billion. BCO V has started fundraising, with first close expected in mid-2026 and is expected to continue
into 2027.

Fundraising for ECP VI (infrastructure) had raised $3.7 billion by the end of 2025, compared with a $5 billion cover number and
hard cap of $7.5 billion, with fundraising expected to conclude in 2026. The ECP Evergreen Yield fund is expected to deploy $500
million from an anchor investor during the first half of 2026, whilst continuing to raise other capital from other institutions: ~-—- —- ————- -

Fundraising for the next Newbury Bridgepoint fund (secondaries) will commence later this year.


===== page 52 =====
50 __Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Financial review continued

Fund performance

Fund details Fund performance at 31 December 2025
Asset class Strategy Established Fund name Vintage Size Gross MOIC DPr ‘Gross IRR|
eee BEV 2015 €4.0bn 2.3% 15x 18.0 %|
Eun 7 i 1984 BEVI 20195 €5.8bn 2.0x 0.8x 15.8%
BE VII 2022 €7.0bn 13x = 20.1%,
Bridgepoint |
Development 2009 BCT 2016 £605m 47x 30x 406%
Capital BDCIV 2021 £1.6bn 12x = 82%
BDLI 2015 €530m 13x 12x 91 |
Direct Lending 2015. BDLIF 2017 €2.3bn 13x 08x 89%
BDL IIe 2021 €2.9bn 12x O2x 101%
ECPI 2014 $5.1bn 24x 14x 1834 |
TEM Flagship Funds 2005 ECPIV 2018 $3.36n 21x 08x 224%
ECPV 2022 $446n 23x 05x 554%
1. DP lis presented net of carry and expenses.
2. BDL Il and BDL Iif are unlevered.
3. Gross MOIC in Direct Lending funds (credit) does not include the benefits of recycling.
Abbreviated income statement
Year ended
Proforma Year 31 December
ended 2024 (ECP:
Year ended| 31 December from Change
+31 December, 2024 completion 25 vs. Pro ‘Change
£ million 2025] (ECP: full year) date) forma” 24 (96) 25 vs. 24.(%)
Underlying management and other fees 427.0 4029 336.0 60% 271%
PRE 151.6 138.5 90.7 95% 671%
Other operating income 0.7 1 10 (36.4)% (30.0%
Underlying total operating income 579.3 542.5 427.7 68% 354%
Total expenses (including investment linked bonus and
expenses excluded from FRE) (387.2) (318.2) (281.9) 21.7% +=. 37.4%
Total expenses (excluding exceptional expenses and adjusted items) |__ (274.5), (248.7) (212.4) «10.4% 29.2%
Reported EBITDA 242.7 2247 146.2 80% 660%
Underlying EBITDA 304.8 292.0 213.5 44% 428%
FRE 156.4 1553 124.6 07% 255%
Underlying depreciation and amortisation (16.6) (18.9) (16.8) (12.2)% (1.2%
Underlying net finance and other (expense) 6.74 (23.3) (16.2) 575% 126.5%
Underlying profit before tax (excluding FX) 251.5 2498 180.5 07% 39.3%
FX (loss) (3.2)! (12.3) (12.3) (74.0)% (74.0)%
Underlying profit before tax 248.3 2375 168.2 45% 476%
Profit before tax 85.7 1500 80.7 (42.99% 6.2%
Tax (29.0) (25.6) (11.6) 13.3% 150.0%
Profit after tax I 56.7 124.4 69.1 (54.4)% —_(17.9)%

"The pro forma results assume that the acquisition of ECP completed on 1 Janvary 2024.

‘The Group's consolidated income statement has two key components:

1. income generated from management and other fees deriving from long-term fund management contracts, which taken together with costs (excluding exceptional expenses, and
adjusted items such as costs excluded from FRE and the costs associated with certain employee share schemes), form FRE; and

2. _ variable income from investments in funds and carried interest, or PRE. PRE together with FRE forms the EBITDA of the business.


===== page 53 =====
51 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

Exceptional items are items of income or expense that are material by size and/or nature and are not considered to be incurred in the
normal course of business. Exceptional items that are classified as “exceptional” within the Group Consolidated Statement of Profit
or Loss are disclosed separately to give a clearer presentation of the Group's results. In the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024
exceptional expenses within EBITDA predominantly related to costs relating to the ECP transaction. Further explanation of these
items is included within note 9 of the financial statements.

Underlying profit before tax exchides exceptional items and other adjusted items. Other adjusted items include:

1. Reinstatement of management fees relating to CLOs which are consolidated by the Group, which are otherwise eliminated on
consolidation and form part of PRE.

2. Adjustments to PRE to exclude: (i) the impact of negative returns in the early years of a fund due to management fee expenses
based on the full committed capital of the fund exceeding capital growth from deployed invested capital (typically known as the
‘J-curve’ and which is considered temporary); (ii) PRE attributable to third-parcy investors that invest in a structured fund vehicle
under IFRS that is consolidated by the Group due co its level of variable returns, as its inclusion could distort the view of the
amount of PRE attributable to shareholders. Related finance costs payable to the third-party investors are also excluded from
finance expenses and underlying profit before tax; (ii) PRE related to warehoused fund investments which are expected to be
syndicated to third-party investors; (iv) the CLO management fees reinstated as part of underlying management fees, as
explained above; and (v) bonuses linked to investment activities.

3. Exclusion of costs relating to grants under certain employee share schemes following the IPO which are not considered to be an
alternative to cash-based compensation. Costs relating to corporate development activities and certain operating costs relating to
the consolidated structured fund vehicles attributable to third-party investors are also excluded.

4. Exclusion of the amortisation of intangible assets arising from the acquisitions of EQT Credit and ECP, and removal of net
finance income and expenses attributable to third-party investors.

Further explanation of exceptional items is included within note 9 of the financial statements.

Reconciliation of pro forma underlying income statement to IFRS income statement

Underlying year ended Exceptionals and IFRS year ended
£ million 31 December 2025, adjusted irems 31 December 2025,
Management and other fees 427.0 (11.0) 416.0
PRE, consisting of: 151.6 48.1 199.7
Carried interest 60.0 - 60.0
Fair value remeasurement of investments (excluding investment-linked bonuses) 105.1 48.1 153.2
Investment-linked bonuses (13.5) - (3.5)
Other operating income 0.7 - 0.7
Total operating income (including investment-linked bonuses) 579.3 37.1 616.4
Personnel expenses (excluding investment linked bonus and expenses
excluded from FRE*) (203.4) (82.1) (285.5)
Other operating expenses (67.9) (17.1) (85.0)
Personnel expenses excluded from FRE* (3.2) - (3.2)
EBITDA er - 2. .--- |. 3048 | ~~ - 62.1) 242.7 |
EBITDA margin (%) 52.6% N/A 39.4%
FRE 156.4 { (110.2) 462 |
FRE margin (%) 36.6 % N/A| 111%
Depreciation and amortisation (16.6) (48.3) (64.9)
Net finance and other (expense) (36.7) (51.7) (88.4)
FX (loss) * (3.2) 05) (3.7)
Profit before tax 248.3, (162.6) 85.7
Tax (29.0) - (29.0)
Profit after tax 219.3 (162.6) 56.7

> Other excluded personnel expenses include expenses relating to corporate development activities. They are excluded from FRE hut are added back to EBITDA. Further details
are set out in the Supplementary information: Altemative performance measures (APMs) on pages 21010 214,


===== page 54 =====
52 __Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Financial review continued

Underlying total operating income

Year ended

Proforma Year 31 December

7 ended 2024 (ECP:

Yearended} 31 December from Change

31 December, 2024 completion 25 vs. Pro ‘Change
£ million 2025| (ECP: full year) date) forma 24 (%) 25 vs. 24 (%)
Underlying management and other fees 427.0) 402.9 336.0 60% 271%
PRE 151.6 1385 90.7 95% 671%
Other operating income 0.7 in 1.0 (36.4% —_(30.0)%
Underlying total operating income 579.3 542.5 4217 68% 35.4%

Ona pro forma basis, including a full year of ECP in 2024, underlying total operating income increased by £36.8 million to £579.3
million. This was due to higher management and other fees, which increased by £24.1 million to £427.0 million, an increase of 6.0%.

Underlying management and other fees of £427.0 million are attributable to the reporting segments set out below.

Year ended
Proforma Year 31 December
ended 2024 (ECP: Change

Yearended} 31 December from
31 December, 2024 completion 25 vs. Pro Change
£million 2025] (ECP: full year) date) forma 24 (%) 25 vs. 24 (%)
Private equity 241.3 238.8 2388 10% 1.0%
Infrastructure 112.6 99.9 33.0 12.7% 241.2%
Credit “699 613 613. 14.0% = 14.0%
Central 3.2 29 29 10.3% 10.3%
Underlying management and other fees 427.0[ 4029 336.0 60% 27.1%

Underlying management and other fees increased by 6.0% to £427.0 million, inchading fees relating to ECP VI which started in
May, the final closes of BDC V and BG Il and the growth of fee paying AUM in our credit business. These increases are partially
offset by declining fees on older funds which are in their divestment phase, where fees are based upon the remaining invested capital

and reduce as investments are realised.

Underlying management and other fees of £427.0 million include catch-up fees,totalling £5.7 million in respect of BDC V (£0.5
million) and BG Il (£5.2 million) (31 December 2024: BE VII (£22.2 million) and ECP V (£8.2 million).

PRE of £151.6 million relates to income from the Group’s co-investment in funds and share of carried interest and has increased by
£13.1 million relative to the comparable period in 2024, including ECP on a pro forma basis. Performance in 2025 includes the
contribution of BE VI and VII (private equity), ECP IV and V and the Calpine Continuation Fund (infrastructure) due to valuation
growth and from exits such as Kereis, Vermaat, Calpine and Symmetry.


===== page 55 =====
53 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

Operating expenses
Proforma Year ended
‘Year ended 31
31 December
Year ended] December 2024(ECP: _ Change
31 2024 from 25vs.Pro Change
December] (ECP: full completion forma24 25 vs. 24
£ million 2025, year) dace) 6) 6)

Personnel expenses (excluding exceptional expenses and adjusted items including : |
investment-linked bonus) (203.4)

(184.9) (156.0) 10.0% 30.4%
Other operating expenses (excluding exceptional expenses and adjusted
items) (67.9) (638) (56.4) 6.4% 204%
Excluded personnel expenses, consisting of: {
Personnel expenses - expenses excluded from FRE (16.7) (18) (1.8) 8278 % 827.8 %
Personnel expenses - adjusted items 43) 59) (59) (27.19% (27.18%
Personnel expenses - exceptional expenses (778 (50.9) (50.9) 52.8% 52.8%
Total personnel expenses (IFRS basis) (302.2)) (243.5) (208.7) 241% 44.8%
Excluded other operating expenses, consisting off
Other operating expenses - exceptional expenses (8.9) (10.9) (10.9) (18.3)% (18.3)%
Other operating expenses - adjusted items (8.2) - - N/A N/A
Total other operating expenses (IFRS basis) - (85.0), (74.7) _ (67.3) 13.8% 26.3%
Total expenses (387.2) (318.2) (276.0) 21.7% 403%

Personnel expenses (exchiding exceptional expenses and adjusted items) of £2034 million increased by £18,5 million, due to the
impact of higher FTEs and inflationary impacts on pay

Personnel expenses (excluding exceptional expenses and adjusted items) as a percentage of underlying total operating income was
35.1% for the year ended 31 December 2025, compared to 36.5% for the year ended 31 December 2024. The improvement in the
ratio in 2024 was primarily due to an increase in underlying total operating income.

In the year ended 31 December 2025 reported personnel costs of £302.2 million included £77.8 million of exceptional costs that
primarily related to the ECP transaction and EQT Credit transaction (2024: £50.9 million primarily ECP-related). They also
included £4.3 million of share-based payments (2024: £5.9 million) and £16.7 million of expenses that do not form part of FRE
(2024: £18 million). Further details are contained within the explanation and reconciliation of APMs on pages 206 to 214. .

Other operating expenses (excluding exceptional expenses) of £67.9 million increased by £4.1 million, driven primarily by
expenditure relating to travel and technology. Other operating expenses (excluding exceptional expenses) as a percentage of
underlying total operating income was 11.7% for the year ended 31 December 2025 compared to 13.2% for the prior comparative
period.

In 2025 and 2024 exceptional expenses within EBITDA predominantly related to costs incurred in connection with the acquisition
of ECP and a management incentive scheme related to the EQT Credit transaction. Other adjusted items within EBITDA include
share-based payment awards in connection with the Company's listing and costs incurred in structured vehicles that are consolidated
in the Group under IFRS and are atcributable to third-parcy investors-Further details are contained within the explanation and
reconciliation of APMs on pages 206 to 214.



===== page 56 =====
54 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

Financial review continued

Depreciation and amortisation expense

‘Year ended.

Proforma Year 31 December

ended 2024 (ECP:

‘Yearended} 31 December from ‘Change
31 December’ 2024 completion 25vs. Pro ‘Change
£ million 2025] (ECP: full year) date) forma 24 (%) 25 vs. 24 (%)
Depreciation (16.1) (17.2) (15.1) (6.4)% 6.6%
‘Amortisation of other intangibles (0.5), (17) (17) (70.6)% —_(70.6)%
Total depreciation and amortisation expenses (excluding {

amortisation of intangibles relating to acquisitions) (16.6) (18.9) (16.8) (12.29% = (1.2%
Amortisation of intangibles relating to acquisitions (48.3), (19.4) (19.4) 149.0% 149.0%
Total depreciation and amortisation expense (64.9), (38.3) (36.2) 69.5% 79.3%

Depreciation and amortisation expense (excluding amortisation of intangibles relating to acquisitions) decreased from £18.9 million
to £16.6 million.

Amortisation of intangibles includes the amortisation of fund customer relationships capitalised following the acquisition of EQT
Credit and ECP. It also includes the amortisation of an acquired carried interest intangible from the ECP transaction.

‘Amortisation relating to acquisition related intangible assets has been excluded from the underlying profitability measures in order to
enable a clearer analysis of the Group's performance,

Finance and other income or expenses

Year ended

Pro forma Year 31 December

ended 2024 (ECP:

Year ended} 31 December from Change

31 December: 2024 completion 25s. Pro Change
£ million 2025} (ECP: full year) date) forma 24 (%) 25 vs. 24 (%)
Interest income on deposits 3.6 75 69 (520% (47.8%
Interest expense on borrowings (32.2) (244) (175) 320% = 84.0%
Net foreign exchange gains/(losses) 3.2) (12.3) (12.3) (74.0)% (74.09%
Net other finance and other (expenses) (8.0) (64) (5.6) 26.6% 44.6%

Net finance and other (expense), excluding exceptional and . {
excluded items (39.9)

(35.6) (28.5) 12.1% 40.0 %
Exceptional other (expense) oz) (08) (0.8) 3,737.5% 3,737.5 %
Adjusted other (expense) a1} - - N/A N/A
Net finance and other (expense), including exceptional and J (
excluded items (92.1) (36.4) (29.3) 153.0% 214.3%

Finance and other income or expenses include interest income from cash deposits and interest cost on borrowings, lease-related
expenses, and finance expense or income on amounts payable to or receivable from related party investors, along with non-operating
foreign exchange gains and losses.

Net finance and other expenses (excluding exceptional and exchuded items) were £39.9 million, a decrease of 12.1% from the prior
comparative period, primarily due to interest cost on the Group’s US private placement debt incurred following the ECP transaction.
The net finance and other expenses for the prior comparative pro forma period incorporates the income and expenses had ECP been
part of the Group since 1 January 2024, however interest on deposits and interest on borrowings have not been adjusted for an
earlier completion date.

Exceptional items of £30.7 million primarily comprise a £29.6 million expense relating to the remeasurement of deferred contingent
consideration arising from the ECP transaction. Adjusted other expenses of £21.5 million primarily relate to PRE attributable to
third-party investors in consolidated structured vehicles.


===== page 57 =====
55. _ Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

Profit before tax

‘Year ended

Proforma Year 31 December

ended 2024 (ECP:

Yearended| 31 December from: Change
31 December, 2024 completion 25 vs. Pro ‘Change
£ million 20254 (ECP: full year) date) forma 24 (%) 25 vs. 24 (%)
Underlying profit before tax 248.3 237.5 168.2 45% 476%
Excluded exceptional expenses, consisting of: .
Exceptional personnel expenses (77.8) , (50.9) (50.9) 52.8% 52.8%
Exceptional other operating expenses 9} (10.9) (10.9) (18.3% =—(18.3)%
Exceptional net finance and other expenses (30.2) (08) (0.8) 3,675.0% — 3,675.0%
Exceptional net foreign exchange gains/(losses) 5) - - N/A N/A
Excluded adjusted items, consisting of:

PRE adjustments 37.1 04 04 9,175.0% —9,175.0%
Certain share scheme expenses and related tax 43) (59) (5.9) (27.1% — (27.19%
Adjusted other operating expenses (8.2) - - N/A N/A
Amortisation of acquisition-related intangible assets (48.3), (19.4) (19.4) 149.0% 149.0%
Net finance and other expenses (21.5) - - N/A N/A
Profit before tax 85.7] 150.0 80.7 (42.99% 6.2%
Underlying profit before tax margin 42.9% 43.8% 39.3%  (1.0)ppt_—«4.0 pp

Underlying profit before tax was £248.3 million in 2025, an increase of £10.8 million from £237.5 million for the prior comparative
period, including ECP on a pro forma basis, which is primarily due to the increase in underlying EBITDA. The underlying profit
before tax margin was 42.9% for the same period.

Profit before tax decreased to £85.7 million in the year ended 31 December 2025 and compared with £150.0 million in the prior
comparative period, including ECP on a pro forma basis, This was primarily due to the impact of exceptional costs and adjusted
items relating to the ECP transaction, including the full year impact of acquisition related share-based payment expenses and
amortisation of acquisition related intangible assets.

Tax
Yearended] Year ended
31 December] 31 December Change
£ million 2025] 2024 0)
Tax (29.0), (11.6) 150.0%

‘The tax charge increased from £11.6 million in 2024 to £29.0 million in 2025. The effective tax rate for the year ended

31 December 2025 was 33.8% compared to 14.4% for the year ended 31 December 2024. This was primarily due to movements in
deferred tax liabilities. The underlying effective tax rate for the year ended 31 December 2025 was 11.7% compared to 6.9% for the
year ended 31 December 2024.

--- .-=— ——Asdetailed in note-12 to the financial statements, in the year ended 31-December 2025 the Group has a higher effective tax rate -—-——-— ———
than the UK statutory rate. This is largely driven by timing differences in the taxation of management fee income, and by tax loss
carry-forwards in the UK due to certain forms of income that are not subject to UK corporation tax



===== page 58 =====
56 _ Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

Financial review continued

Profit after tax

« Year ended! ‘Year ended
31 December] 31 December Change
million 2025 2024 (%)
Profit after tax 56.7 69.1 (17.99%
Profit after tax decreased by 17.9% from £69.1 million in 2024 to £56.7 million in 2025.
Earnings per share and dividend per share
Year ended
Proforma Year 31 December
ended 2024 (ECP:
Year ended| 31 December from Change
31 December] 2024 completion 25 vs. Pro Change
Epence 2025| (ECP: full year) date) forma 24 (%) 25 vs. 24 (%)
Basic earnings per share 5.0) 15.1 8 (66.9)% — (37.5)%
Dihated earings per share 49 12.2 79 (59.8% _(38.0)%
Underlying basic earnings per share 26.5 25.7 195 3.1% 35.9%
Underlying diluted earnings per share 25.7, 20.6 19.0 24.8% 35.3%
Interim dividend per share 47 46 46 22% 22%
Final dividend per share 47 46 46 2.2% 2.2%

Basic and diluted underlying earnings per share grew by 0.8 pence per share and 5.1 pence per share respectively, reflecting the
increased profitability of the Group. Underlying diluted earnings per share includes the dilutive effect of shares issued or redeemed
by the Company in the year to 31 December 2025. This included 25.0 million OP units which had been converted into shares
during the year. In addition, a further 135.9 million OP units and up to a maximum of 55.0 million units which are subject to earn-
out arising from the ECP acquisition could be exchanged for Company shares. Had these additional units been included, underlying
earnings per share on a fully diluted basis would have been 21 pence. Further details are included in note 13 of the consolidated
financial statements.

The Directors announced an interim dividend of 4.7 pence per share in respect of the first half of 2025 that was paid in October
2025. This had a cost of £46.4 million, including a related distribution to the sellers of ECP. The Directors have announced a
proposed final dividend of 4.7 pence per share to be paid on 21 May 2026, subject to shareholder approval. The cost is estimated to
be £41.2 million, plus dividend equivalents paid to non-controlling interests estimated to be £5.0 million. The actual cost will depend
upon the number of shares in issue when the dividend is paid.

Exposure to foreign exchange
The following foreign exchange rates have been used throughout this review:

‘Average rate for year] Average rate for
ended 31 December} ended 31 December Rate at} Rate at

2025, 2024 | .31 December 20254 31 December 2024

GBP/EUR 1.168 1.179 > 1.147; 1.209
GBP/USD 1.318) 1.279 1.346 1.252

The table below sets out the currency exposure for certain reported items,

% GBP EUR USD Other
AUM 46 48.8 46.6 5
Fee Paying AUM 56 633 311 5
Management and other fees 94 63.9 26.7 5
Underlying operating expenses 46.0 224 27.6 40

PRE 72 28.1 64.8 -



===== page 59 =====
57 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

Consolidated balance sheet

‘Summarised consolidated statement of financial position (statutory basis) (Restated)

£ million As at 31 December 2025} As at 31 December 2024 ‘Change (%)
Assets °

Non-current assets 1,834.8 1,782.0 3.0%
Current assets 3,381.8 2,314.8 46.1%
Total Assets 5,216.6 4,096.8 273%
Liabilities

Non-current liabilities 3,560.1 2,495.6 42.7%
Current liabilities 468.5 408.1 14.8 %
Total Liabilities : 4,028.6 2,903.7 38.7%
Net Assets 1,188.0 1,193.1 0.4%
Equity

Share capital and premium 445.4 375.2 18.7%
Other reserves 65.7 51.1 28.6 %
Retained earnings 484.2 558.7 (13.3)%
Non-controlling interests 192.7 208.1 (7.4%
Total Equity 1,188.0 1,193.1 (0.4%

Net assets principally comprise cash and investments in money marker funds, the fair value of investments and carried interest
receivables from private equity, infrastructure and credit funds, as well as goodwill arising from the acquisition of the ECP and EQT
Credit businesses.

The IFRS balance sheet includes the full consolidation of the assets and liabilities of certain CLOs and structured fund vehicles
attributable to third-party investors, which are required under IFRS to be presented gross on the balance sheet.

Non-current assets have increased by £52.8 million to £1,834.8 million and current assets increased by £1,067.0 million to
£3,381.8 million, primarily due to the impact of additional investments in funds and consolidated CLOs.

‘The Group has £853.6 million of investments in funds (2024: £765.6 million). Of this, £682.6 million (2024: £581.4 million)

relates to private equity funds, including £241.8 million (2024: £143.4 million) of fund investments held through structured

vehicles which are consolidated by.the Group and included as non-current assets. In addition, the Group holds a £21.0 million cea
interest in credit funds (2024: £57.1 million), including £15.3 million in CLOs (2024: £14.6 million) and £149.9 million in

infrastructure funds (2024: £127.1 million). The Group also has a carried interest receivable, which is held at a discount under IFRS,

of £148.9 million (2024: £113.3 million).

Av31 December 2025, the Group had cash of £193.5 million (excluding cash belonging to consolidated CLOs and fund vehicles),
which is not available for use by the Group.

Toral liabilities increased £1,124.9 million to £4,028.6 million, Non-current liabilities increased £1,064.5 million to £3,560.1
million, primarily due to an increased level of liabilities owed by consolidated CLOs. Current liabilities increased by £60.4 million to

—-~--— —£468.5 million: Excluding the impact of liabilities of consolidated CLOs and structured fund vehicles attributable to third-party -——- -——--———-—
investors, non-current liabilities increased by £37.7 million, due to CLO repurchase agreements and trade and other payables.
Current liabilities, excluding che impact of liabilities of consolidated CLOs and structured fund vehicles belonging to third-party
investors, increased by £61.3 million to £236.1 million due to an increase in accrued expenses and an increase in the fair value of
derivative liabilities.

Total equity reflects the 2025 profit and increase in other reserves primarily due to equity-settled share awards offset by dividends
paid and the cost of the share buyback programmes. This resulted in total equity of £1,188.0 million at 31 December 2025.

The consolidation of certain CLOs could distort how a reader of the financial statements interprets the balance sheet of the Group.
The Group's maximum exposure to loss associated with its interest in the CLOs is limited to its investment in the relevant CLOs,
which at 31 December 2025 was £170.4 million (2024: £99.5 million), excluding the investments of non-controlling interests of
£45.2 million (2024: £32.8 million).



===== page 60 =====
58 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

Financial review continued

A summarised consolidated balance sheet on a non-statutory basis, excluding interests of third-party investors in consolidated CLOs
and other structured fund vehicles, is included below.

Summarised consolidated statement of financial position (excluding interests of third-

party investors in consolidated CLOs and other structured fund vehicles, non-statutory)* . (Restated)

£ million As at 31 December 2025} As at 31 December 2024 Change (%)
Assets

Non-current assets 1,724.7 1,756.3 (1.8)%
Current assets 359.7 267.6 34.4%
Total Assets 2,084.4 2,023.9 3.0%
Liabilities

Non-current liabilities 726.5 688.8 55%
Current liabilities 236.1 174.8 35.1%
Total Liabilities 962.6; 863.6 115 %
Net Assets 1,121.8f 1,160.3 (3.3)%
Equity

Share capital and premium 445.3 375.2, 18.7%
Other reserves 65.9 511 29.0% *
Retained earnings 463.1 558.7 (17.1%
Non-controlling interests 147.5 175.3 (15.9)%
Total Equity 1 1,121.8 1,160.3 8.3%

A fall non-starucory consolidated statement of financial position excluding interest of third-party investors in consolidated CLOs and other structured fund vehicles
(unaudited) is included on page 208.

Liquidity
The Group's liquidity requirements primarily arise in relation to the funding of operations and the Group's plans in connection

with its expansion and diversification strategy. The Group funds its business using cash from its operations (retained profits),
capital from shareholders and, from time-to-time, third-party debt.

Total financial debt and net cash position

‘Asat3t Asat 31

December] December Change
£ million 2025) 2024 cy
Borrowings (excluding capitalised facility costs) (456.1) (4903) (7.0%
Cash and cash equivalents (excluding cash belonging to consolidated CLOs and structured
fund vehicles attributable to third-party investors (restricted use)) 193.5 90.8 113.1%
Net (debt)/ cash (excluding cash belonging to consolidated CLOs and structured fund
vehicles attributable to third-parcy investors (restricted use)) + (262.6), __ (399.5) __(34.3)%

At 31 December 2025, the Group had net debt of £262.6 million (2024: net debt of £399.5 million). This includes the $430.0
million (2024: $430.0 million) of private placement notes the Group issued during 2024 following the ECP transaction. It also
includes the $184.0 million (2024: $184.0 million) of ECP private placement notes. The Group private placement notes are
structured in tranches with maturities ranging between 3 and 10 years and have an average coupon of 6.16 per cent. Additionally,
the Group has an undrawn revolving credit facility, which was renewed to a facility of £400.0 million in March 2026. There were
no drawings on the facility at 31 December 2025 (2024: £250.0 million undrawn).

As at 31 December 2025, in addition to the liabilities shown on the balance sheet, the Group had approximately £374.9 million
of remaining undrawn capital commitments to Bridgepoint and ECP funds (2024: £382.2 million of remaining undrawn capital
commitments to Bridgepoint and ECP funds).


===== page 61 =====
59 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

Consolidated cash flows

‘Year ended’ ‘Year ended

‘Summarised consolidated cash flow statement (stacucory basis) 31 December} 31 December ‘Change
£ million - . 2025 2024 (%)
Net cash flows from operating activities .1359| 108 — 1,158.3%
Net cash flows from investing activities (618.5) (928.9) (33.4)%
Net cash flows from financing activities 651.6 776.1 (16.09%
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 169.0] (142.0) (219.0)%
Total cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year 159.8 314.8 (49.2)%
Effect of exchange rate changes - 6.1 (13.0) (146.9)%
Total cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year _ 334.9 159.8 109.6 %

of which: cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year (for use within the Group) 193.5 908 113.1%

of which: cash belonging to consolidated CLOs and structured fund vehicles attriburable :

to third-party investors (restricted use) 1414 69.0 104.9%
Total cash at the end of the year 3349{ 159.8 109.6%

Net cash inflows from operating activities for the year ended 31 December 2025 were £135.9 million. The increase of £125.1
million in the net cash flows from operating activities compared to the year ended 31 December 2024 was due to the payment of
costs relating to the ECP transaction in 2024 and increased underlying profitability in 2025

‘The Group generated operating cash flow, excluding the payment of exceptional costs related to the ECP transaction, representing
123.8% of FRE, demonstrating the cash generation of the business (2024: 102.5%).

Net cash outflows from investing activities include investments into the Group's funds, offset by proceeds from carried interest and
distributions from funds. Net cash outflows from investing activities for the year ended 31 December 2025 were £618.5 million.
Net distributions of £55.4 million from funds and net cash outflows of £620.2 million into the Group's CLOs reflect the impact of
the launch of CLO VIII and IX and the warehousing of CLO X.

Net cash inflows from financing activities include funds drawn and repaid to consolidated CLO investors, transactions with related party

investors and distributions to shareholders. For the year ended 31 December 2025, net cash inflows from financing activities totalled £651.6
million, which primarily related co the net cash inflows of CLO cash from investors in CLO VIII and IX (which are consolidated) of £693.7
million and drawings from related parcy investors and CLO repurchase agreements of £129.3 million, offset by distributions paid to
shareholders and non-controlling interests of £91.7. million and payments to acquire shares as part of the share buyback programme, which. ~
totalled £4.1 million by the end of the year.

In addition to £193.5 million of its own cash at 31 December 2025, the Group had £141.4 million recorded on the balance sheet as

cash belonging to consolidated CLOs and structured fund vehicles, which is legally ring-fenced and not available for use by the

Group.

The consolidated cash flow statement includes the gross cash inflows and outflows for the period in respect of the consolidated

CLOs and structured fund vehicles, and cash held at 31 December 2025 for those CLOs, which are required to be consolidated. This
could distort how a reader of the financial statements interprets the cash flows of the Group, therefore a cash flow statement without

the consolidated GLO and structured fund vehicles is presented below:



===== page 62 =====
60 __ Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Financial review continued

‘Summarised consolidated cash flow statement (excluding cash flows relating to consolidated CLOs and structured fund ‘Yearended] Year ended

vehicles attributable to third-party investors, non-stautory) 31 December] 31 December Change
£ million 2025) 2024 (96)
Net cash flows fiom operating activites 171.6 176 875.0%
Net cash flows from investing activities 64.0} (365.4) (117.5)%
Net cash flows from financing activities (134.6), 209.2 (164.3)9%6
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (excluding cash flows relating to

consolidated CLOs and structured fund vehicles attributable to third-party investors) 101.0| (138.6) _(172.9)%
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year (excluding cash flows relating to

consolidated CLOs and structured fund vehicles attributable to third-party investors) 90.8 2388 — (62.0%
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (excluding cash flows relating

to consolidated CLOs and structured fund vehicles attributable to third-party investors) 17 (8.4) (118.1)%
Net cash at the end of the year (excluding cash flows relating to consolidated CLOs and

structured fund vehicles attributable to third-party investors) 193.5 90.8 113.1%

1. A full non-statutory consolidated cash flow statement excluding cash flows relating to consolidated CLOs and structured fund vehicles attributable to third-party investors

(unaudited) is inchided on page 209.


===== page 63 =====
61 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Our historical performance

2021 2022 2023 2024" 2025;
Total AUM (€bn) 32.9 38.0 405 73.0 80.3]
Fee Paying AUM (€bn) 193 234 26.0 38.7 38.8)
|
Management fee margin on Fee Paying AUM (%) 118% (1.16% -1.12% —«1.17%) «21.18%
Underlying management and other income (fm) 199.4 242.5 266.3 4040) 427.7
PRE (Em) 12 64.9 55.3 1385] 151.6]
Underlying total operating income (Em) 270.6 307.4 321.6 5425) 579.3
Total expenses (excluding exceptional expenses and adjusted
items) (Em) 1578 168.2 1713 248.7] 271.3
EBITDA (£m) 84.2 136.0 97.1 224.7 242.7]
Underlying EBITDA (£m) 112.8 139.2 148.8 292.0 304.8]
Underlying EBITDA margin (9%) 41.7% 45.3% 46.3% ——-53.8%] 52.6%
FRE (Em) 474 743 95.0 1553 156.4]
FRE margin (%) 23.8% 30.6% 35.7% 384%] 36.6%)
Underlying profit before tax (excluding FX) 894 1189 136.2 249.8) 251.5
Underlying profit before tax (Em) 90.5 120.0 133.8 2375) 248.3
Profit before tax (Em) 62.6 127.4 86.0 150.0 85.7
Reported basic EPS (pence) 70 146 87 15.1 5.0
Diluced EPS (pence) 70 146 87 12.2 49]
Underlying basic EPS (pence) 104 13.8 149 25.7 26.5]
Underlying diluted EPS (pence) 104 13.8 149 206 25.7
Permanent headcount (at year end) 344 377 391 513 542

“The pro forma results in 2024 assume that the acquisition of ECP completed on 1 January 2024.

‘An explanation of the alternative performance measures used by the Group, including Underlying profit before tax, Underlying
EBITDA and reported and underlying basic and diluted earnings per share, is set out on pages 206 to 214 along with a reconciliation

to the nearest statutory measures.



===== page 64 =====
62

Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Viability and going
concern statements

‘The Group's furure viability and prospects are underpinned by
the following:

~ a large proportion of forecast revenue (c.70% over 2026 to
2028) is made up of income from long-term fund
management contracts;

~ a largely predictable cost base, of which over three quarters is
personnel related;

— good visibility of income, expenditure and future profitability
during and beyond the period covered by this assessment;

~ astrong balance sheet, with cash of £193.5 million at
31 December 2025 and a recently upsized undrawn revolving
credit facility of £400.0 million; and

~ available levers to operate during stress events, including
reduced variable compensation costs and reduced
dividend payments.

Viability statement *

In accordance with the Corporate Governance Code, the
Directors are required to undertake an assessment of the
prospects and viability of the Group.

Assessment of prospects

The Group’s long-term prospects are primarily assessed
through the production of the Group strategic plan
(the “Medium-Term Plan”)

The Medium-Term Plan is updated regularly to take into
account updated fundraising expectations, fund activity and
expected returns, and changes within the cost base. The
Medium-Term Plan is presented to the Board at least annually,
where ic is formally approved following a robust review and
challenge process.

Although the Medium-Term Plan covers a substantially longer
period, the three-year period to December 2027 has been
selected for the viability statement on the basis that itis the
period over which forecasting assumptions are most reliable due
to the high visibility of earnings from fees and investment returns.

‘The Medium-Term Plan reflects the Group’s strategy, which
is summarised on pages 16 to 18, including plans to scale
existing strategies, develop new products and build new
investment strategies.

Key assumptions within the Medium-Term Plan include:

- the raising of new funds, which impacts the amount
of management fees;

~ the timing and level of returns from funds, which impacts co-
investment, carried interest cash flows and profit recognition;
and

- changes in the cost base, primarily in relation to people.

Progress against the current year’s budget, which underpins
the Medium-Term Plan, is monitored through the year.

Assessment of viability

‘The assessment of the Group's viability requires the Directors to
consider the principal risks that could impact the Group, which
are outlined on pages 67 to 71

‘Whilst all the risks identified could have an impact on the
Group's performance, the specific risks that are likely to have the
most impact on the business model, fucure performance,
solvency and liquidity of the Group in the three-year period
covered are considered to be:

= fund underperformance and capital deployment - prolonged
and/or significant under-performance of multiple funds may
adversely affect the Group’s medium-term business, brand and
Teputation, income received by the Group, its growth and its
ability to raise capital for furure funds; and

fundraising - the inability to raise additional or successor
funds (or only raise successor funds of a materially lower size
than predecessor funds), or a change in the terms on which
investors are willing to invest, could have a material adverse
impact on the Group’s business, revenue, net income, cash
flows or the ability to retain employees.

The Directors review the key risks regularly and consider the
options available to the Group to mitigate these risks to ensure
the ongoing viability of the Group is sustained,


===== page 65 =====
63

Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

The Group’s viability requires consideration from the
perspective of capital for solvency, adequacy of regulatory
capital and liquidity.

Stress testing has been performed on the Medium-Term Plan,
which considers the impact of the Group’s key risks crystallising
over the three-year assessment period. The stress scenarios
applied to the three-year period are

Links to
Scenarios principal risks
Scenario 1: ~ Fund
‘Weaker fund performance performance
. and capital

Assumptions: deployment
50% reduction in co-investment

cash rerurns and no carried interest

(beyond that already recognised)

Scenario 2: = Fundraising

Lower fundraising

Assumptions:
30% reduction in fund sizes for funds not
yer closed

Scenario 3:

A combination of scenarios 1 and 2
above (this is seen as a worst-case
scenario and highly unlikely)

- As above

Having reviewed the results of the stress tests, the Directors have
observed that the good visibility of furure management fees due
to long-term fund management contracts, supported by

a well-capitalised balance sheet, mean that stress scenarios have
to be significant in order for them to have an impact on viability.
In the stress scenarios, the Directors have concluded that the
Group would have sufficient capital and liquid resources in each
scenario, taking appropriate controllable management actions
where applicable, so that the Group’s ongoing viability would

be sustained.

Controllable management actions to relieve stresses on the
Group's ability to operate during these scenarios include:

~ changing the timing of, and/or reducing the size of, the
Group’s dividends;

~ reducing variable compensation costs (which represent one
third of payroll costs); and

- utilisation and/or extension of debt facilities.

Icis possible that a stress event could be more severe than those
modelled and have a greater impacc than has been determined
plausible. Other actions are available that may reduce the impact
of more severe scenarios, but these have not been considered

in this viability statement.

The Group undertakes reverse stress tests to identify
circumstances under which the business model becomes

unviable. The most plausible severe scenario to cause the
business model to be unviable is a macro-economic shock which
results in the write-down of the value of investments held by
the funds.

This would impact the level of investment returns/result in
losses for the Group but is unlikely to have an immediate impact
on viability. If the impact is nor temporary (unlike Covid-19, for
example) but is permanent, this could impact the ability to exit
fund investments and raise new funds, and therefore impact the
Group beyond the period covered in this viability assessment.

‘The reverse stress test determines the level of reduction to
forecast distributions from funds that would trigger a business
model failure point, in the absence of any management actions.
Such a scenario, and the sequence of events which could lead to
it, is considered to be extremely remote, as it would require
forecast fund distributions to be reduced by over 50% with no
fees from new fundraising, whilst maintaining a broadly similar
level of forecast investing activity during the same period,
whereas a macroeconomic event is also likely to constrain
investment activity substantially.

Whilst the occurrence of one or more of the principal risks has
the potential to impact future performance, none of them is
considered likely, either individually or collectively, to give rise
to trading deterioration of the magnitude indicated by the
reverse stress testing and to threaten the Group over the three-
year period.

Conclusion

Based upon the assessment set out above, the Directors have
a current reasonable expectation that the Group will be able
to continue in operation with adequate liquidity and capital,
and meet its liabilities as they fall due, over a viability horizon
of at least three years.

Going concern statement

In accordance with the Companies Act 2006, the Directors
have a responsibility to evaluate whether the Group has
adequate resources to continue its operational existence for the
foreseeable furure and for at least the next 12 months from the
signing of the financial statements.

Assessment of going concern

In carrying out their going concern assessment, the Directors
considered a wide range of information, taking into account
both the Company's and the Group's current performance and
outlook, using information available up to the date of the issue of
the financial statements. This included:

~ the Group's business and operating models and strategy;

~ the Group's risk appetite and approach to managing risk; and

= a summary of the current financial position and resources of
the Group.


===== page 66 =====
64

Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Viability and going concern statements continued

Business model

As shown by the table below, a high proportion of the Group's
revenue is made up of management and other fees, which are
under long-term fund management contracts. The ECP
transaction has improved the diversification of fee income such
that the Group is less dependent upon any one fund or product.
When considered together with a largely predictable cost base, of
which over three quarters is personnel related, the Group has a
diversified business, with a good level of visibility of income,
expenditure and future profitability when projected for and
beyond the next 12 months.

‘Year ended 31} Year ended 31
December December
202! 2024"

FRE (Em) 156.4 124.6
Underlying management fees as % of |
total operating income (%) 73.7 %, 78.6 %
FRE margin (%) | 366% 37.0%
Personnel expenses as % of total :
expenses (excluding exceptional
costs and adjusted items) (%) 75.0 %, 73.4%

ECP from completion date is included.

Key assumptions made in the forecasts that underpin the
Directors’ going concern assessment are set out above within the
viability statement and include the raising of new funds, the
timing and level of rerurns from funds and changes in the cost
base from hiring and inflation.

Liquidity and resources

‘The balance sheet is well capitalised, with low levels of net
leverage, representing 1x of 2025 earnings.

‘Ac31. December 2025, the Group has cash of £194 million
(2024: cash of £91 million) and an undrawn £400 million
revolving credit facility, which was renewed in March 2026 for
a period of three years.

The Group has £456 million ($614 million) of US private
placement notes (2024: £490 million or $614 million) with
maturities ranging from 2027 to 2034 and an average maturity
of 6 years.

In order to ensure liabilities are settled when they fall due,
the Group's liquidicy is monitored regularly. This includes

monitoring the timing and level of operating expenses and
the timing of drawings and receipts from fund investments.

Stress testing

In making their assessment, the Directors have considered
scenarios prepared in conjunction with the viability statement,
including delays to fundraising and lower recurns from fund
investments, which would impact the income and cash flow of
the Group. The Directors are satisfied that, even under these
stressed scenarios, the Company and the Group would remain
a going concern.

Conclusion

The Directors have acknowledged their responsibilities in
relation to the financial statements for the year to 31 December
2025. After making their assessment of going concern, the
Directors considered it appropriate to prepare the financial
statements of the Company and the Group on a going concern
basis for at least 12 months from the date of the approval of the
financial statements.


===== page 67 =====
65 Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Risk management

Our approach and key
developments in 2025

The Group believes that risk management is a fundamental part
of robust corporate governance and good management practice.
Effective risk management does not mean avoiding risks at any
cost, but rather making informed and coherent choices regarding
the risks the Group and the funds it manages take in pursuit of
their strategic objectives, whilst having regard to the tools
available to manage and mitigate those risks. Risk management is
considered within all areas of the business and across the
Group's operations, with individual teams, strategies and
geographies taking responsibiliry for the identification and active
management of risks present at those levels. Risk management is
therefore embedded within the Group's culture, decision-making
processes, practices, business planning and reporting activities.

‘The Group manages a variety of risks in connection with its
business activities, and the Board is ultimately responsible for
oversight of the Group's risk management and internal control
systems. This includes determining the nature and extent of the
risks chat the Board is willing to take in order to achieve the
Group's strategic objectives, and reviewing management's
implementation of effective systems of risk identification,
assessment and management,

‘The Group continues to regard effective risk management as a
fundamental element of robust corporate governance and good
management practice. In 2025, we strengthened our enterprise
risk & controls framework to reflect the evolving regulatory
environment, the Group’s increasing scale and multi-asset
platform, and the enhanced expectations arising from the
Financial Reporting Council’s 2024 UK Corporate
Governance Code.

During the year, we completed a comprehensive refresh of the
Group's risk taxonomy, governance structure and internal
control framework. This included updates to the definition and
classification of principal risks and underlying sub-risks, clearer
attribution of responsibilities across the Group’s governance
bodies, and enhancements to the reporting and escalation of risk
information. These changes were designed co improve
consistency across business units, strengthen accountability, and
ensure a more transparent link becween risks, controls, and the
Group's strategic objectives.

‘A central area of focus was the Group’s preparations for
Provision 29 of the revised UK Corporate Governance Code,
which will apply for accounting periods beginning on or after

1 January 2026. In anticipation of these requirements, the
Group refined its methodology for identifying the material
controls that will form the basis of the Board’s fucure declaration
of effectiveness. This work included the development of

materiality criteria aligned to the Group's principal risks, risk
appetite and external reporting obligations, and the optimisation
of entiry-level governance controls that operate across the
Group. These enhancements put the Group in a strong position
ahead of the first disclosure required in the 2026 Annual Report.

‘The Group Audit and Risk Committee assisted the Board
throughout the year by reviewing the updated framework,
receiving periodic reports on Group and fund-level risks,
overseeing the development of the new material controls
approach, and monitoring operational risks associated with
continued integration activities.

Risk management continues to be embedded within the Group's
culture and decision-making processes, with business units
responsible for identifying and managing risks relevant to their
activities, supported by Legal, Compliance, Finance, HR and
Technology functions, and independently assured by the
internal audic function,

In order to manage risk effectively, the Group operates

ona three lines model that provides clear accountability for
risk ownership, oversight and independent assurance across
the group:

- First line

Business units and functional teams have primary
responsibility for identifying, assessing and managing risks
within their respective areas. This includes the design and
operation of controls, ownership of risk mitigation actions,
and reporting of risk performance in line with the Group’s
risk appetite and governance requirements

Second line

‘The Group's second line functions, inchiding Legal &
Compliance and other specialist oversight functions, support
the identification and management of risks by setting Group-
wide policies and control standards, monitoring the operation
of first line controls, and providing independent challenge.
These functions perform thematic and risk-based monitoring
activities and report on risk exposures, control effectiveness
and emerging risks to the relevant governance bodies.

Third line

The Group's internal audit function together with Deloitte, as
the Group's co-sourced internal auditor, provides risk
assurance on the effectiveness of governance, risk
management and internal controls, including first and second
line controls.


===== page 68 =====
66

Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Risk management continued

The Group’s internal audit function focused in particular on
enterprise resource planning systems, cybersecurity, and
regulatory compliance. The results of the audits and any
associated recommendations were reported to the Audit and
Risk Committee.

Prudent risk management within business units is underpinned
bya strong control culture with clear oversight of
responsibilities, and there is ongoing thematic compliance
monitoring and regular reporting to governance bodies within
the Group on risk areas. The Group maintains comprehensive
insurance cover with a broad range of policies covering a
number of insurable risks.

Risk management
process

‘The Group undertakes the following process to identify, manage
and monitor risks

1. Set strategy - The Board sets the strategic direction for the
Group, and with support from the Audit and Risk
Committee and Group Management Committee, approves
the Group's risk appetite across each principal risk. Risk
appetite statements and supporting metrics are used to
inform risk identification and monitoring across the Group.

2. Identify risks - Business units and functional teams perform
periodic assessments of the risks they face, supported by
second-line functions. During 2025 the Group implemented
a refreshed risk taxonomy comprising ten principal risks and
over 100 sub-risks. This enhanced taxonomy improves
granularity, enables clearer allocation of ownership, and
ensures a consistent approach across the Group.

3. Evaluate risks - The Group evaluates risks based on two
key factors: the likelihood of the risks eventuating, and the
impact on the Group were the risks to eventuate (both
financially and in respect of other matters such as
reputation). The relevant risks are categorised andrated
based on the product of these two factors and contextualised
with a further evaluation of other factors such as speed to
impact and whether the risk is trending in a particular
direction. Key risk indicators aligned to risk appetite
thresholds are increasingly used to monitor movements in
material risk exposures.

4. Manage and mitigate risks - Mitigating actions, controls
and monitors are identified for each risk, and the impact of
these on the likelihood and impact of the relevant risk are
evaluated. Where appropriate, changes to the control
environment or other additional mitigants to risks are
identified and implemented.

5. Monitor and review risks - The Group undertakes ongoing
monitoring of risks identified and the effectiveness of
mitigants and controls.

When identifying risks, the Group categorises these within one
of the following four areas: strategic and external risks,
investment risks, financial risks, and operational risks.

Strategic and external risks relate to the ability to deliver on the
Group’s strategic objectives or risks from external or broader
events. Investment risks are those associated with investments
made by the Group or the funds managed by it. Financial risks
relate to the Group’s financial structure, liquidity, and exposure
to economic and credit-related risks. Operational risks are those
associated with the Group's day-to-day operations, including
risks relating to internal processes, people or systems. Risks in
each of these categories may, if poorly managed, ultimately result
in a negative impact on the profitability or prospects of the Group.


===== page 69 =====
67 _Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Key risks |

The Group's risk management framework is designed to identify
a broad range of risks and uncertainties which it believes could
adversely impact the stability and financial prospects of the
Group. A similar and parallel process is also undertaken with
respect to risks facing the funds managed by the Group and

as required by applicable regulatory regimes. As part of each

of these frameworks and processes, ESG-related risks are
actively considered.

The following pages set out the Group's key risks as identified
during the risk management process, with details of the primary
mitigating actions, controls or monitors for each of these risks.

The key risks are described based on the Group's combined
assessment of the likelihood of each risk eventuating and the
impact of each risk on the Group as a whole after the Group’s
controls and mitigants are taken into account,

Additional risks and uncertainties that the Group may face,
including those that are not currently known or that the Group
currently deems immaterial, may individually or cumulatively
also have a material effect on the Group's business, results of
operations and/or financial condition.

Fundraising Changein risk during F¥25 @
Description Mitigation

Funds under management by the Group typically have a finite life
and a finite amount of commitments from fund investors. Once a
fund nears the end of its investment period, the Group raises
additional or successor funds in order to keep making investments
in that strategy and earn management fees (although funds and
investment vehicles continue to earn management fees after the
expiration of their investment periods, they generally do so at a
reduced rate).

The alternative investment management sector is intensely
competitive, with the Group competing with a number of others for

investor capital, including sponsors of public and private investment

funds. Fundraising conditions remained competitive during 2025,
with a high volume of managers returning to market and extended
fundraising timetables across private markets. Investor allocation
cycles have also lengthened, with increased diligence around
performance, fee structures, and alignment.

The inability to raise additional or successor funds (or raise
successor funds of a comparable size co predecessor funds), or a
change in the terms on which investors are willing to invest, could
have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, revenue,
net income, cash flows and/or the ability to retain employees.

‘The Group’s capital raising efforts are supported by an in-
house global investor services team, which utilises the
Group’s data and technology capabilities

The Group’s global investor relations and fundraising
platform continued to expand in 2025, leveraging
strengthened distribution capabilities, enhanced investor
analytics, and improved CRM infrastructure. The Group
further diversified its investor base geographically and by
investor type and executed targeted investor engagement
programmes across the global network.

Fund performance, transparency, and disciplined pricing
remain core differentiators in fundraising processes. Oversight
of fundraising strategy and pipeline was enhanced through
the operations of the Group's Investor Relations Board.

Asa leading middle market investor, the Group offers
investors a differentiated approach arising from its global
reach and ability to deploy capital across middle market
strategies. This differentiation insulates the Group, to some
extent, against the competitive pressures arising in respect of
attracting fund investors,



===== page 70 =====
68 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Risk management continued

Regulation and Compliance

Change in risk duringFY25 @

Description

‘The international nature of the Group’s business, with corporate
and fund entities located in multiple jurisdictions and a diverse
investor base, makes it subject to a wide range of laws and

regulations. It is supervised by a number of regulators, including the

Financial Conduct Authority in the UK, the Securities and
Exchange Commission in the United States, the Autorité des

Marchés Financiers in France and the Commission de Surveillance

du Secteur Financier in Luxembourg, Failure to comply with

applicable laws and regulations may put the Group at risk of fines,

lawsuits or reputational damage.

‘As the Group expands into new products and strategies, the laws

and regulations that apply to the Group also expand, often in a way

which overlaps and requires complex review, assessment and
regulatory implementation.

Increased law and regulation may impact the Group's operating

entities, and funds that it manages or advises, as well as the markets

and sectors in which the Group's investment strategies invest or
from which capital is raised.

Mitigation

‘The Group is supported by a Legal and Compliance team
that provides guidance to the business on its regulatory and
legal obligations. As the Group expands into new products
and strategies, the Group ensures that this team is well placed
to address the increasing and developing framework of
applicable regulation

Tn 2025 the Group established a Risk & Compliance
Working Group, which, together with the Group Operating
Committee, enhanced risk monitoring, regulatory horizon
scanning, and policy frameworks throughout the year.

The Group monitors regulatory and legislative changes in the
jurisdictions in which it operates and interacts with regulators
and industry bodies to stay informed of regulatory changes. It
also proactively takes actions to comply with any changes in
law of regulation.

Employees of the Group are provided with periodic training
on the laws and regulations relevant to the Group.

Market and Economic

Se = 0

Description

Macroeconomic events may contribute to volatility in financial and
global markets which can adversely impact the Group’s business by
reducing the value or performance of the investments made by the
funds managed or advised by the Group as well as the availability of
financial resources to the Group. Adverse economic scenarios may
reduce exit opportunities, prolong holding periods, and impact the
performance of funds across the platform. Market conditions may

also influence investor appetite for private marker strategies,
indirectly affecting fundraising performance.

For example, rising interest rates may adversely impact multiples

and discount rates used for investment valuations. Higher interest

rates may also reduce the Group’s ability to secure favourable
financing, both for the Group itself and for the funds it manages
or advises.

Mitigation

The Group’s business model is predominantly based on
illiquid, closed-end funds which allow investment teams to
remain disciplined throughout economic cycles. In addition,
the Group actively manages fund portfolios as well as the
Group's liquidity and operations, to ensure resilience across a
range of macroeconomic outcomes.

‘The expansion of the Group into different verticals can help
to mitigate the impact of macroeconomic changes, as
different alternative asset classes will react differently to
macroeconomic impacts. For example, higher interest rates
may benefit the Group's credit vertical.

‘The Group's senior management and strategy leadership
regularly update the business on economic trends and

outlooks to aid investment teams and corporate functions in
anticipating and proactively addressing macroeconomic risks



===== page 71 =====
69 __Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

Fund Performance and Capital Deployment Change in risk duringFY25 @

Description Mitigation

Investment performance remains central to the Group's reputation ‘The Group's investment strategies each have in place a

and its ability to grow assets under management. Underperformance robust and disciplined investment process where investments
within large flagship funds or other strategies could reduce investor are analysed and selected by investment-focused committees.

confidence and impair fucure fundraising. Capital deployment Each strategy will also regularly review and monitor
conditions were mixed in 2025, with increased competition for investment performance and delivery of investment

resilient assets and evolving financing markets. A slow deployment objectives. Any ‘at risk’ investments are subject to particular
pace or reduced transaction sizes could adversely affect fund focus and specialist attention. For example, such investments
performance, fee generation and alignment with investor are reviewed by the Portfolio Working Group within the
expectations. Group’s private equity vertical.

Investment processes not only evaluate and mitigate the risks
inherent in particular investments or divestments, but also
ensure that decisions are taken in accordance with the
relevant fand’s investment strategy and governing
documents. This includes limiting fund exposure to
individual investments, and diversifying investments in terms
of sectors and geographies.

Deal flow is driven by the Group's sector strategy which is
continually refined to take advantage of market conditions,
including changes in competitive pressures. The Group's
investment approach has evolved through different
economic cycles, helping it to resist temporary pressures.

The introduction of new products and verticals to the Group
helps to reduce dependence on performance of any

individual fund.

Talent and Conduct * Operational | Change in risk during FY25 @
Description Description
‘The Group's personnel, including its investment professionals and The Group places an emphasis on active engagement with its
specialist teams, are highly important to the Group's business and _ people to better understand their needs, and to focus on

the implementation of its strategy, and the market for such persons _ progression and professional development. The Group also
is highly competitive. The Group’s continued success is therefore ensures competitive reward schemes are in place for all
dependent upon its ability to retain and motivate its personnel and employees. Rewards are weighted towards performance and
to strategically recruit new talented professionals. Conduct risks, therefore provide long-term alignment with fund investors
including behavioural, cultural, or ethical failings, could result in and other key stakeholders, ultimately driving value for the

-—~ -— regulatory scrutiny; reputational damage or loss of key individuals~— ~Group-For senior management; these include a blend of —~ —— -—-——

: : short- and long-term incentives,
In particular, the Group depends on the skills, reputations 8

and business networks of its executive management and other Talent development, succession planning and reward
key senior team members and the information and deal flow they _ frameworks remained key themes in 2025, overseen by the
generate. Competition for talent remains strong across the private Group and business-unit Talent & Reward Committees.

markets industry.



===== page 72 =====
70 Bridgepoint Group ~ 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Risk management continued

(Cybersecurity and IT Change in risk duringFY25 @
Description Mitigation

Cybersecurity threats remain a significant risk for all global financial

and investment institutions. Cybersecurity incidents and cyber
attacks continue to be a feature of the global economy and as an

increasingly global business, the Group faces various cybersecurity

threats on a regular basis, This includes ongoing cybersecurity
threats to, and attacks on, digital and information technology
infrastructure that is intended to gain access to proprietary

information, destroy data, or disable, degrade or sabotage systems.

Cybersecurity failures, technology failures or data security breaches

could result in the confidentiality, integrity or availability of data

being negatively affected, causing disruption and/or damage to the

Group's business.

‘The Group's information security programme is designed co
prevent and respond to current and emerging cyber threats
facing the Group. The Group's IT accounts are protected
using multi-factor authentication to significantly reduce
identity-based atcacks and digital assets are protected from
exploitation through robust patching and vulnerability
management programmes.

Employees receive training, including simulations, co
continually raise vigilance and to promote positive security
behaviours. Employee devices are also secured to industry
standards and technologies are used to enable seamless and
secure remote access.

The Group conducts annual external offensive and
penetration tests that validate the effectiveness of controls,
and aid further protection. The Group's digital infrastruccure
is entirely cloud hosted, with resiliency designed into it. In-
house and external cyber experts monitor and respond to
any abnormal activity. The Group maintains an annually
tested IT disaster recovery and cyber incident response plan,
and desktop cyber attack simulation exercises were
conducted in 2025 with executives.

Operational Resilience & Execution

SSE rs

Description
‘The Group depends on operational processes, data, systems, and

specialist teams to support investment activity, satisfaction of client
obligations, reporting, and financial operations. Operational failures

— including errors, system outages, third-party failures or

inadequate process controls ~ could lead to financial loss, regulatory
breaches, and/or reputational damage. Increasing Group scale and
the addition of new products or verticals elevate the importance of

robust operational resilience.

Mitigation

Management of operational resilience risks are overseen by
the Group Operating Committee, supported by dedicated
working groups responsible for specific themes such as third-
party risk, business continuity, incident management, data
optimisation and technology resilience. Responsibilities for
operational risk ownership and control operation are clearly
defined across business units and functions.

Lessons leamed from incidents, and the findings of audits
and control testing are embedded into process improvements
and control enhancements. Independent assurance is
provided through second line monitoring and internal audit
reviews, with particular focus on controls that support the
delivery of critical business services.



===== page 73 =====
71 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Liquidity & Funding

Change in risk during FY25 @

Description
The Group must maintain appropriate levels of liquidiy to support
operations, seed capital commitments and undertake strategic
opportunities. Fund-level liquidiry risks may also affect investor
relations and returns.

Mitigation

‘The Group maintains robust liquidity forecasting processes
with oversight from the Group Investment Committee. Stress
testing is performed periodically, and liquidity KRIs are
monitored against Board-approved risk appetite thresholds.

Diversification across strategies and geographies supports
resiliency across different market scenarios.

Sustainability Changeiin risk duringFY25 @
Description Mitigation

Sustainability risk involves the failure to accurately assess and
manage the impacts of environmental, social, security and
governance related matters. Sustainability-related risks include
those related to regulatory and reporting obligations, and
investor expectations.

Failure to meet evolving ESSG expectations could reduce investor
confidence, impair fundraising, lead'to regulatory scrutiny and/or
cause reputational damage.

"The Group has a number of governance structures to help
ensure appropriate oversight and management of ESSG
related risks, including the ESSG Committee. The Group
strengthened its ESSG governance framework during 2025,
including enhanced oversight via the ESSG Working Group.
Icalso upgraded ESSG data and reporting systems.

Sustainability matters are considered throughout the fund
investment process, as described on page 43. ESSG
integration processes for investments were reviewed and
updated during the year to reflect emerging regulation and
market practice. :

‘The Group continued to enhance its climate-relared and
sustainabilicy disclosures, aligned to regulatory requirements
and investor expectations.

Group M&A and Integration

ernal

Change in risk duringFY25 @

Description

‘The Group periodically undertakes mergers, acquisitions and other
strategic transactions to support the execution of its long-term
strategy, expand its investment capabilities, enter new verticals or
geographies, and enhance its operating platform. Successfully
executing such transactions requires disciplined strategic
assessment, robust due diligence, effective deal structuring, and
timely and effective post-transaction integration.

M&A activity exposes the Group to a range of risks, including the
risk that transactions are not aligned to strategic objectives, that
anticipated synergies or benefits are not realised, or that execution
challenges arise during integration. These challenges may include
operational disruption, culcural misalignment, technology integration
issues, regulatory or legal complexicy, issues with retention of key
personnel, and increased time and focus required from management.

Failure to execute transactions in line with strategy, or to integrate
acquired businesses effectively, could result in financial
underperformance, delays in achieving strategic objectives,

reputational harm, and/or increased operational and regulatory risk.

Mitigation

The Group applies a disciplined and structured approach to
mergers, acquisitions and other strategic transactions to
ensure alignment with its long-term strategy and risk
appetite. Proposed transactions are subject to robust
governance and approval processes, supported by
comprehensive commercial, financial, legal, regulatory and
operational duc diligence.

Integration planning is embedded early in the transaction
process, with clear ownership of integration workstreams,
defined milestones and ongoing oversight by senior
management. Particular focus is placed on cultural alignment,
retention of key personnel and the orderly integration of
systems, processes and controls.

Progress against integration plans and delivery of strategic
objectives is monitored through established governance
forums, with lessons learned from completed transactions
embedded into the Group's M&A framework to support
continuous improvement.



===== page 74 =====
72 Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

TCFD and SDR disclosures

The Group is committed to supporting the transition to a low-carbon economy

and journey to net zero in line with the Paris Agreement, and reporting our progress
transparently in line with the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
(“TCFD”) recommendations and the FCA’s Sustainability Disclosure

Requirements (“SDR’”).

Compliance statement

In accordance with the requirements of UK Listing Rule 6.6.6R(8), the Company has included climate-related financial disclosures
generally consistent with the TCFD recommendations, and sustainabilicy-relaced disclosures consistent with the SDR within this
Annual Report. At the time of publication, the Company is compliant with the following TCFD recommended disclosures:

= Governance (all recommended disclosures);
~ Strategy (all recommended disclosures);

~ Risk Management (all recommended disclosures); and

~ Metrics and targets (all recommended disclosures other than c) climate-related targets, as ECP has nor set a portfolio-level target.

ECP has an important role as a US energy and infrastructure investor to balance decarbonisation ambitions with reliable and
affordably energy solutions. As part of ECP’s investment strategy, it is supportive of management teams that endeavour to set
climare-related targets where it is appropriate for the business to do so.

This SDR-aligned report is also the Company's first report setting out how the Company manages sustainability risks and
opportunities (including climate-related risks and opportunities) beyond those previously reported in TCFD reports, and is
voluntarily published ahead of the required deadline.

Z


===== page 75 =====
73

Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Governance

Board oversight of sustainability-related risks and
opportunities (see more on governance on pages 87
to 90 and the ESSG Committee report on page 99)
The Board, assisted by the ESSG Committee, is ultimately
responsible for oversight of sustainability-related risks and
opportunities, inchiding the Group's responsible investment
strategy. The ESSG Committee periodically considers specific
sustainabilicy-related projects, performance and initiatives and
the Chair of the Committee updates the Board accordingly.

The ESSG Committee aims to meet at least twice a year and
ensures that sustainability considerations, including the climate-
related and broader sustainability-related risks identified within
the enterprise risk register, are integrated into the Group's
strategic and financial planning. The ESSG Committee monitors
sustainability performance across the Group through metrics
such as the Group's operational emissions foorprint. The
progress of the portfolio against the Group’s sustainabilicy
priorities is also monitored,.including compliance with our
commitment to purchase carbon credits to cover our Scope 1

& 2 residual operational emissions.

‘The Audit and Risk Commitee is responsible for review of
the Group's cyber risk posture, including a review of the
Group's cyber resilience, the results of external reviews and
insurance levels

Management's role in assessing and managing
sustainability-related risks and opportunities
Ruth Prior, the Group’s CFO, is the Board-level executive
sponsor for sustainability-related matters.

‘The Group Management Committee and Group Operating
Committee oversee each business unit on a day-to-day basis, and
each business unit implements the sustainability strategy
developed by the Group. Within the overall Group
sustainability strategy, business units set priorities and
sustainability targets tailored to the operations of that business
unit and oversee responsible investment procedures and policies.

Ruth Prior is a member of the Board, Group Management
Committee and Group Operating Committee, and attends ESSG
Committee meetings, providing a route for escalation of issues
raised in meetings and facilitating reporting on sustainabilicy-
related issues to the Board

‘The ESSG Working Group assists the Group Operating
Committee in managing Group-wide sustainability policy and
commitments, and is chaired by Ruth Prior. Ie assists with the
development, implementation and monitoring of compliance
with the Group's ESSG policies and commitments, compliance
with sustainability and ESSG-related reporting requirements,
and monitoring of ESG requirements of fund investors.

The Group Management Committee and Group Operating
Committee and ESSG Working Group are supported by

sustainability specialists, who also provide support to the Board
and the ESSG Committee.

Bridgepoint’s sustainability specialists sit at Group level, and
there are also business unit dedicated sustainabilicy specialists
Group Sustainability leads on the identification, assessment,
and management of sustainability-related risks impacting the
Group’s operations on a day-to-day basis, including the risks to
the Group associated with the investment strategies within each
business unic. This includes developing a register of
sustainability-related risks and opportunities, as well as devising
suitable mitigation strategies for any material risks identified.

In addition, the sustainability specialists assist in the
development and implementation of the Group's sustainability
strategy. Group Sustainability reports to the ESSG Working
Group while the Legal and Compliance team provides regular
updates to the Audit and Risk Committee on risk-related matters,

Strategy

Identifying sustainability-related risks and
opportunities over the short, medium, and long term
‘The Group has worked to identify sustainabilicy-relaced
risks and opportunities, both at the Group level and across
its portfolios.

The Group undertook a portfolio-level climate risk assessment
in 2023 (prior to the ECP acquisition) covering 100% of the
private equity portfolio and 58% of credit AUM, focusing on the
most recent funds and those with the greatest management
influence. The assessment concluded that the climate-related risk
for reviewed portfolios was low. As sector and geographic
exposures have remained broadly consistent, we consider this
assessment to be a reliable reflection of the climate tisk profile of
our current private equity and credit portfolios.

The analysis used three different climate scenarios, which are
aligned to the FCA’s ESG Sourcebook:

= 2°C orderly: aligned with Representative Concentration
Pathway (“RCP”) 2.6 and models a temperature rise of <2°C.
by 2100;

- 2°C disorderly: aligned with RCP 2.6 and models a
temperature rise of <2°C by 2100, assuming that this is
achieved through a period of inaction followed by more
significant decarbonisation policies implemented from 2030
onwards; and

- 4°C “hot house”: aligned with RCP 8.5 and models a
temperature rise of 4°C by 2100.

‘These scenarios were assessed across three distinct timeframes
that were chosen in consideration of the Group's investment
timelines. Similar timeframes will be applied to the ECP
portfolios in a furure climate risk assessment, such as:

- Short to medium term: 2030
~ Longer-term: 2050


===== page 76 =====
4

Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

TCFD and SDR disclosures continued

‘The analysis examined the projected physical and transition risks
for each portfolio company across each time horizon and climate
scenario. The assessment also produced Implied Temperature
Rise (“ITR”) and Climate Value at Risk (“CVaR”) projections of
assets within the Group's private equity and credit portfolios.

‘The assessment concluded that these portfolios have relatively
low exposure to climate-related risks. According to the model,
the earnings of portfolio companies are not projected to be
significantly impacted under 2°C and 4°C degree scenarios
(more detailed results can be found in the Metrics and targets
section below). This is largely driven by the geographic locations
and sectors of the companies. From a transition risk perspective,
the low carbon intensity of the portfolio means that the
projected low impact is attributable to changes in revenues or
costs of goods sold as opposed to high carbon costs. Meanwhile,
the exposure to physical risk is also modelled to be low in the
medium term on the earnings of companies in both the private
equity and credit portfolios. We consider ECP to have a
comparatively higher physical risk from climate hazards, on
account of an infrastructure-heavy portfolio.

ECP conducted a high-level climate scenario analysis in 2022,
reviewing a range of energy-related projections (e.g. demand,
sources, storage, and carbon capture and sequestration (CCS)),
both globally and within the United States. Scenarios covered a
business-as-usual (BAU), 2° C-aligned (limiting warming by
2100 to 2°C), and 1.5°C-aligned scenarios (achieving net zero
by 2050 and limiting warming by 2100 to 1.5°C), across 2030
and 2050 time horizons.

‘The report highlighted opportunities in renewable energy
generation and energy storage, with significant projected
increases in these opportunities across all three scenarios.
Stagnant to significant falls in demand for narural gas generation
were identified as a risk but were considered to be partly offset
by the opportunity presented by increased demand for CCS
where natural gas demand remained. Since this analysis, data
centres and artificial intelligence have emerged as significant
drivers of energy demand, particularly natural gas generation,
and this is considered to further offset this risk. Overall, the
report confirmed the opportunity for ECP, as one of the largest
private owners of power generation and renewables in the US.

The Group is committed to updating its climate risk assessment
periodically, covering the Group, each investment strategy, and
portfolio companies.

‘The Head of Cyber Security is responsible for maintaining
awareness of current and emerging threats, through industry
intelligence and updates from trusted security partners. Threats
are translated into actionable issues and risks as appropriate. Our
security partner converts threat intelligence into detection
capabilities based on known tools, techniques, procedures, and
indicators of compromise — continually refining the Group's
ability to detect, prevent, and respond to harmful events.

Impact of sustainability-related risks and opportunities
Asa responsible investor, the Group takes climate-related risks
and oppornunities into account and acknowledges the
significance of its role in supporting the transition to a low-
carbon economy

Accordingly, the Group’s long-term target for the private equity
portfolio is to achieve net zero emissions by 2040, and more
widely to align the private equity and credit portfolios with

2°C or 1.5°C pathways to reduce the potential impact of
transition risks.

With acute and chronic climate risks increasingly straining U.S.
electric grids and infrastructure, targeted investment is required
to enhance asset resiliency, grid reliability, and emergency
preparedness. ECP invests in physical and operational upgrades
to prepare for and mitigate these risks across its portfolio. ECP
will continue to position itself to respond to climate-related risks
and opportunities, with a focus on asset resiliency and
preparedness to support ongoing access to reliable and
affordable electricity.

See the Metrics & targets section of this TCFD report below for
further information on how the Group is addressing the modest
environmental impact of the Group’s operations.

Cybersecurity failures, technology failures or data security
breaches could result in the confidentiality, integrity or
availability of data being negatively affected, causing disruption
or damage to the Group’s business. ‘


===== page 77 =====
75 Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

The resilience of the organisation and strategy

‘The Group has a highly resilient business model, supported by
management fees derived from long-term fund management
contracts. The fees are predominantly charged on invested or
committed capital and are payable over the life of the fund,

The Group also earns variable income from investments in funds
and carried interest. Whilst a short-term increase or decrease in
the valuation of individual or portfolios of assets would not
immediately impact the Group's financial position, the impact of
climate change on the performance of funds in the medium term
could impact both the level of returns due to the Group and the
ability to raise more capital from fund investors for future funds

As outlined in previous sections, based on ECP’s 2022 scenario
analysis and the Group's 2023 climate risk assessment, we
consider our portfolios to be reasonably resilient to the impact of
climate change. Furthermore, our processes for managing
climate-related risks ensures that they are considered within our
wider risk management framework and that any material risks
are mitigated appropriately. The Group's aggregate portfolio risk
exposure is further reduced by diversification across geographies
and sectors. Relevant disaster recovery policies are in place to
ensure the safe and continued operation of the Group’s offices
and IT infrastructure should a material climate change-related
event take place.

‘The Group's digital infrastructure is entirely cloud hosted, with
resiliency designed into it.

Risk management

Processes for identifying and assessing sustainability-
related risks (see more on risk management on pages 65
to 71)

Identification of climate risk forms part of our overall approach
to risk management. The Group undertakes a periodic process to
identify the Group’s key risk exposures. As risks are continually
evolving, material ESG related regulatory matters are regularly
monitored, including those related to climate risk, and horizon
scanning is undertaken to identify emerging risks.

‘The Group’s biggest exposure to climate issues derives from its
investment portfolio. A portfolio-wide climate risk assessment is
conducted periodically by the Group to provide an overall
picture of the Group's exposure to climate-related risks. Pre-
investment ESG due diligence is also undertaken across the
portfolio, which may include the identification and assessment
of material climate-related risks and the development of
recommendations for suitable mitigating measures.

With regards to cybersecurity, che Group's information security
programme is designed to prevent and respond to current and
emerging cyber threats. Accounts are protected using multi-
factor authentication to significantly reduce identity-based attacks,
whilse digical assets are safeguarded from exploitation through a
robust patching and vulnerability management programme.

Employees receive regular training, including phishing
simulations, to maintain vigilance and promote positive
security behaviours. Devices are secured to industry standards,
with technologies deployed to enable seamless and secure
remote access.

Monthly offensive security and penetration testing validates the
effectiveness of controls and informs ongoing improvements.
In-house experts and external partners monitor and respond to
abnormal activity around the clock. The Group maintains an
annually tested IT disaster recovery and cyber incident response
plan, and desktop cyber attack simulation exercises were
conducted with executives during 2025.

The control environment was externally validated as part of
obtaining Cyber Essentials Plus certification.

Processes for managing sustainability-related risks
(see more on risk management on pages 65 to 71 and
on ESG integration into the investment process on
page 43)

Sustainability-relaced risks are captured within the enterprise
risk management system. All enterprise risks are assigned an
owner to ensure appropriate oversight. Where specific technical
or legal expertise is required, the Group is supported by its
extensive network of sustainability and legal advisers, industry
associations and working groups. Mitigation strategies are
identified for each risk, and an evaluation is undertaken of the
current control environment.

Across all three investment strategies, we consider active
engagement an essential component of the Group’s approach to
sustainabilicy-related risk management. Throughout the
investment period, we support and collaborate with portfolio
company management teams to implement best practice
sustainability processes, policies, and risk management systems.


===== page 78 =====
76

Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

TCFD and SDR disclosures continued

Our process of engagement is tailored to each of our
portfolio companies:

~ Within our private equity portfolio, we work with portfolio
company management teams to ensure that appropriate ESG
governance is in place at both Board and executive team-level
Furthermore, we ensure portfolio companies establish
appropriate sustainability and carbon reduction initiatives and
use specific sustainability KPIs to monitor progress. We also
leverage our network of sustainability advisers to help
portfolio companies to identify and manage material
sustainability-related risks.

Within our credit strategy, where appropriate, the Group
provides borrower companies with financial incentives and
penalties in the form of ESG margin ratchets. The margin
ratchets include specified sustainability targets relevant to
the business.

Within our infrastructure business unit, ongoing engagement
berween deal teams and portfolio company management helps
to monitor climate risks and, where appropriate, develop
climate resilience throughout the lifecycle of the investment.

Our engagement with, and monitoring of, portfolio companies in
our private equity portfolio is enhanced through our climate
programme. The programme helps our portfolio companies
mitigate risks linked to carbon emissions through providing
guidance on the calculation and verification of GHG emissions
and the development of tailored GHG emission reduction plans.

The Head of Cyber Security supports the private equiry teams
with investment cyber due diligence and exit readiness. The
primary focus remains on maintaining relationships, ensuring
visibility into portfolio company cyber maturity to drive high
levels of protection.

Monthly or quarterly touchpoints are held to discuss posture,
plans and improvements, with reporting to investment teams,
operating partners and operating committees. There is
24/7/365 monitoring of portfolio company external assets,
providing real-time alerts and remediation advice for critical and
high-risk findings.

The credit team is supported through a tailored approach, with
opinions provided on due diligence material and monitoring of
external assets to help inform investment cases. The Cyber
Security team supports the credit sustainability specialists in
maintaining visibility during the investment lifecycle.

‘The Head of Cyber Security is supporting the integration of our
infrastructure business unit through activities to support
portfolio companies in 2026.

Integration of sustainability-related risks into overall
risk management (see more on risk management on
pages 65 to 71)

‘The results of the Group's climate risk assessment are integrated
into the Group’s central risk register to ensure sustainability-
related risks continue to be considered in the Group's strategic
and financial planning.

A risk management process is in place for our investment
portfolio, monitored and managed by the relevant business units.

Any material sustainability risks identified over the course of
pre-investment due diligence are reviewed by the relevant
investment committees, with our investment teams supporting
portfolio companies to address material risks.

To encourage detailed disclosure on sustainability matters, all
portfolio companies across all business units are required to
provide at least annually an account of their sustainability
performance. This can include reporting with respect to
management of climate-related risks, updates on GHG footprint
and carbon reduction plans, where applicable.

Weekly IT engineering-focused meetings are held, wich
fortnightly updates provided to IT senior leadership, including
the Head of Technology. Risks are managed, escalated, and
discussed through established structures such as the Risk and
Compliance Working Group. Ultimate oversight rests with the
‘Audit and Risk Committee and Board, ensuring that appropriate
and effective systems and control, including policies, practices,
and procedures, are in place.


===== page 79 =====
77 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Strategic Report

Metrics and targets

Metrics used to assess sustainability-related risks and opportunities
GHG emissions relating to our investment portfolio have been calculated in line with the GHG Accounting and Reporting Standard
for the Financial Industry, developed by PCAF.

Alongside GHG emissions, we track a broad range of sustainability-relaced metrics, including climate-related metrics, across the
Group to monitor the progress of climate-related processes in the portfolio, including but not limited to energy consumption.
Individual business units also track other metrics such as science-aligned emission reduction plans

‘As part of our 2023 climate risk assessment across our private equity and credit portfolios we used specific metrics, Climate Value at
Risk (CVaR) and Implied Temperature Rise (ITR), to assess climate-related risks. These can be seen in Table 1 below. CVaR is a
forward-looking metric used to measure the climate-related risks and opportunities within an investment portfolio. ITR is a forward-
Jooking metric that translates the output of longer-term scenario analysis into an estimated change in temperature.

The table below shows low CVaR impact across private equity and credit, with very minor misalignment with a 2°C ITR. CVaR has
been analysed across two scenarios: “Hot-house” vs disorderly 2°C and “Hot-house” vs orderly 2°C. ECP will be considered in
climate-related risk assessments going forward.

Table 1: Portfolio climate-related metrics (private equity and credit)

Private equity : Credit

VaR 7 * TTR VaR ITR}
Short -0.1 00% - 203°C -0.2 to -0.2% 1.96°C
Medium -0.2 to -0.1% 2.07°C “110 -0.6% * '2.01°C}
Long "110.1%, © 224°C ‘ 2.19°C

‘The Group does not have an internal carbon price in place.

Through Bridgepoint’s infrastructure business unit, the business can also help drive positive climate-related outcomes via the
operation and ownership of infrastructure assets. Over the course of its history, ECP has owned 37 GW of renewable capacity,
inchading operating and development assets. Based on its current ownership capacity, ECP has been able to generate a significanc
amount of renewable energy, enough to power 1.3 million homes in the U.S. The table below includes the latest available information,

Table 2: Portfolio climate-related metrics infrastructure
2024) 2023

Renewable energy capacicy, owned under construction or in late-stage development (GW) 37" 30"

Renewable energy generation (million MWh) 13.7**, 99°"

Capacigy figures for 2023 and 2024 are as at May 2024 and May 2025 respectively.
°* Generation figures for 2023 and 2024 are as at December 2023 and December 2024 respectively
Estimated GHG emissions
‘The method used for calculating GHG emissions was in line with the GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard
for the 2025 financial year, using the operational control approach

Bridgepoint focuses on the most relevant sources of operational GHG emissions (Scope 1 and 2), and Business Travel (Air Travel
and Taxi Travel only) in the case of Scope 3 emissions. This follows the GHG Protocol Technical Guidance for calculating
Scope 3 emissions.

Other upstream and downstream operational Scope 3 categories have been deemed not relevant, as per the GHG Protocol guidance
referenced above, and therefore have not been calculated.



===== page 80 =====
78

Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

TCFD and SDR disclosures continued

Table 3: Group GHG emissions
Reporting year

2025

(Restated) 2024

Emissions scope UK Rest of World Total ‘UK Rest of World Total
Total energy consumption (kWh) 874,678 1,036,284 1,910,962{ 1,011,280 956,560 1,967,840
Total energy from renewable sources (kWh) 786,192 754,089 1,540,281{ 799,597 417,475 _ 1,217,072
% of energy from renewable sources 90% 73% 81% 79% 44% 62%
Scope 1 (tCO3e) - 12 12| 12 39 51

Scope 2 — location-based (tCO,e) 155 180 334| 202 232 434
Scope 2 - market-based (tCO,e) 16 28 43] 38 146 184
Total Scope 1+2 - location-based (tCO,e) 155 192 346] 213 303, 516
Total Scope 1+2 - market-based (tCO,e) 16 40 55] 49 217 266
Emissions intensity for Scope 1+2 - locations- based

((CO,e/FTE) 0.36 0.65 0.48 0.77 1.27 1.00
Emissions intensity for Scope 1+2 - market-based

((CO,e/FTE) 0.04 0.13 0.08} 0.18 091 0.52
Scope 3 emissions (CO3€) 1,801 2,044 3,845) 2,515 1,401 3,916

In 2025 we revised our boundary and have restated our 2024 emissions to ensure that comparable figures are provided.

Estimated emissions from financing activities

‘The method used for calculating financed emissions is in accordance with the Global GHG Accounting and Reporting PCAF
Standard, which builds upon the principles of the GHG Protocol, and with reference to the Initiative Climate International (iCI) on
Greenhouse Gas Accounting and Reporting for the Private Equity Sector. Further information on how we calculated financed

emissions for each asset class is below:

~ Private Equity: For calendar year 2025, we calculated emissions from 100% of our AUM, based on our portfolios as at Q3 2025.
We use reported emissions data where we have a high level of confidence (based on our review of the uploaded GHG
documentation) from the previous year, and estimate the remainder. We also calculated the weighted average carbon intensity
(WAC), measuring tonnes of CO,¢ produced per million dollars of revenue. The weighted average PCAF data quality score across

the Private Equity portfolio was 2.90.

~ Credit: For calendar year 2025, we calculated emissions from 82% of our AUM, based on our portfolios as at Q3 2025. We use
reported emissions data where we have a high level of confidence (based on our review of the uploaded GHG documentation)
fiom the previous year, and estimate the remainder. We also calculated the weighted average carbon intensity (WACI), measuring
tonnes of CO,e produced per million dollars of revenue, The weighted average PCAF data quality score across the Credit

portfolio was 3.49.

~ Infrascructure (ECP): For calendar year 2025, we calculated emissions from 100% of our infrastructure equity portfolio, based on
holdings as at Q3 2025. We use reported emissions data where we have a high level of confidence (based on our review of the
uploaded GHG documentation) from the previous year, and estimate the remainder. The weighted average PCAF data qualiry

score across the total equity inventory was 2.21

Table 4: Group financed emissions

‘Group Financed Emissions 2025 (Restated) 2024
WACI WACI
Total Emissions (tCO,¢/M$); Total Emissions (tCO¢/M$)
‘Strategy (tCOne) (Scope 1, 2 and 3)} (COze) (Scope 1, 2 and 3)
Private Equity 1,828,425 174 1,910,149 430
Credit 684,319 142] 648,656 170
Infrastracture (ECP) 84,345,200 Notmeasured| _ 25,762,303 __ Not measured



===== page 81 =====
79

Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Comparisons with the previous reporting year
Comparisons of operational emissions with the previous
reporting year are below:

= Our Scope 1 emissions have decreased by 76% due to
improved data quality relating to the use of refrigerants;

- Our Scope 2 location-based emissions have decreased by 23%
due to energy efficiency initiatives and improved data quality;

- Our Scope 2 market-based emissions have decreased by 77%
due to improved data quality, including the use of more
accurate emissions factors for our European offices;

= Our Scope 3 business travel emissions have marginally
decreased, by 2%. Whilst business travel emissions from our
UK office decreased in the year due to updated emissions
factors, in 2025 we expanded our reporting to include
business travel emissions from all offices within our
operational boundary, now including our smallest offices, as
well as including a full year of emissions for ECP.

Comparisons with the previous reporting year on financed
emissions (category 15), which make up the majority of our toral
footprint, are below:

- Private Equity: Financed emissions decreased by 4%, driven
by shifting makeup of portfolios and portfolio company
decarbonisation as a result of our climate programme.

- Credit: Financed emissions increased by 5% due to increased
coverage and increased AUM

~ Infrastructure: Financed emissions increased as ECP’s
financed emissions for 2024 were prorated to reflect Group
ownership from the transaction date. When normalised,
emissions increased by 15%, driven by portfolio company
assets becoming more operational.

Targets, performance, and key priorities
Bridgepoint is focused on reducing our operational carbon
footprint and compensating for any unmitigated residual
emissions. Our approach includes:

- Acommitment to reduce the Group’s Scope 1 and 2 emissions
by 42% on an absolute basis by 2030, using a 2025 baseline.
We will achieve this firstly through efforts to reduce our
energy usage (e.g, through energy efficiency initiatives),
through reducing the emissions intensity of energy used, and
also through procuring renewable energy credits.

= A commitment to procure 100% of the Group's office
electricity from renewable sources, either through ‘green’
electricity tariffs or through the purchase of energy attribute
certificates.

- A commitment to compensate for 100% of our unmitigated
residual Scope 1 and 2 operational emissions through the
procurement of high-quality carbon credits, We are gradually
increasing the share of removals in our carbon credit portfolio,
working to procure 100% high-quality carbon removal
credits by 2030. High-quality carbon credits are those aligned
to the Integrity Council for the Voluntary Carbon Market's
Core Carbon Principles.
Various actions to address business travel emissions, including
through our Group-wide business travel policy which
encourages sustainable business travel, and through other
initiatives such as our UK employees benefitting from electric
vehicle lease and cycle to work schemes as part of their
benefits package
~ An improved lighting control system in 2025 in our London
office, reducing the size of our lighting control zones, and
shortening the duration that lights remain on after movement.

‘

Our efforts around climate-related risks and opportunities
extend into our private equity, credit and infrastructure
portfolios:

- We have set a long-term ambitious target of achieving net zero
emissions in our private equity portfolio by 204, and more
widely to align the private equity and credit portfolios with
2°C or 1.5°C pathways, to reduce the potential impact of
transition risks; and

~ We have committed to aligning to Article 8 of the SFDR
across both the private equity and credit funds.

Cyber

‘The security programme is routinely reviewed internally and as
part of the Group's existing audit programme, most directly
through the Cyber Essentials Plus certification process.

‘The Head of Cyber Security produces dashboards for the Group
Operating Committee and Group Management Committee.
‘These provide updates on key risks, projects, month-on-month
progress, and notable metrics including training completion,
phishing statistics, email security, and material Group and
portfolio-related incidents.

Within the Cyber Security team, key metrics are routinely
monitored to ensure they remain within tolerance. These include
metrics on patching, vulnerabilicy management, training,
phishing, device compliance, alerts, and incidents


===== page 82 =====
80

Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Report

Non-financial and sustainability information statement

‘The Group complies with the non-financial reporting
requirements contained in sections 414CA and 414CB of the
Companies Act 2006. Details of our business model are included
on pages 19 to 25 and our principal risks and how we manage
those risks are inchided on pages 65 to 71. The following
information is provided having taken into account the
information needs of the Group's different stakeholders

Employee matters

We firmly believe that our people are our greatest asset. We aim
to recruit diverse and talented professionals who exhibit a
passion for performance and drive, to develop our staff through
hands-on learning and extensive training, and to foster a.
collaborative and inclusive environment. We are committed to
being an equal opportunities employer and oppose all forms of
unlawful discrimination. We ensure our overall levels of
remuneration are designed to attract, develop and retain talented
employees, and are without gender bias.

Employee diversity

Asat 31 December 2025, the Group had 542 permanent
employees, of whom 301 were male and 241 were female; 9
Directors, of whom 5 were male and 4 were female; and 18
senior managers (excluding the Directors), of whom 14 were
male and 4 were female. There have been efforts to ensure we
recruic the best possible talent from a broad and diverse
candidate pool. Our International Associate Programme is a
route through which we aim to develop talent internally, and we
ensure that we have a gender-balanced cohort each year. In the
Group's investment teams, female representation has increased
to 36% (below partner level) and we focus on talent
development to ensure those with high potential to progress
have every opportunity to do so.

For more information see the Our people section on pages 30 to
34, and for farther information on diversity data for the Board
see the Directors’ report on page 114.

Human rights

We are committed to preventing any form of slavery and human
trafficking. We seek to ensure there are no such practices in our
business and supply chain. Periodically, the Group reinforces”
policies against modem slavery and human trafficking through
firm-wide training.

Our latest statement on modern slavery can be found on the
Company's website at bridgepointgroup.com.

Whistleblowing

‘The Group has a whistleblowing policy that encourages
colleagues to report suspected wrongdoing as soon as possible,
and an externally managed whistleblowing reporting system is in
place that allows colleagues to raise concerns in confidence
Whistleblowing matters raised are escalated as appropriate

to the Audit and Risk Committee.

Anti-bribery and corruption

We are committed to ethical business practices across all our
operations and investments. Our policy is never to offer, request
or receive bribes, and to refuse any request to pay them. We
report any instances of bribery or corruption we discover to
relevant regulators and authorities as appropriate. Our
investment approach includes a detailed review of bribery and
corruption matters to ensure we do not invest in companies or
projects that engage in corruption or appear to have a high risk
of such behaviour. We investigate and deal with all reported or
identified cases of corruption in line with our policy, which
applies to all entities within the Group wherever we do business.

Environmental matters

‘The Group's disclosures in accordance with the Streamlined
Energy and Carbon Reporting requirements are within the
TCFD disclosures, with energy usage and emissions reported in
Tables 2 and 3 (pages 77 and 78), and targets on page 79.


===== page 83 =====
81 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Board of Directors

Tim Score
Chair

Appointment
Appointed as a Non-Executive Director in June 2021 and Chair
in July 2024

Skills and experience

Tim has significant experience in the rapidly evolving global
technology landscape, as well as many years of engagement
with both mature economies and emerging markets.

Previous senior appointments include as Chair of British Land,
Deputy Chair and Senior Independent Director of Pearson,
Senior Independent Director of National Express, Non-
Executive Director of HM Treasury, and CFO of ARM Holdings.

Tim was previously a Non-Executive Director of the Football
Association. He currently sits on the Board of trustees of the
Royal National Theatre and is Chair of the national cricket
charity Chance to Shine.

Raoul Hughes

Chief Executive

Appointment
Appointed Chief Executive in October 2023

Skills and experience
Raoul joined the Group in 1988 and has over 35 years of
experience within the alternative assets market as both an
investor in private equity across Europe and alternative asset
firm management, and has led the firm’s strategic growth agenda.
Raoul is Chair of the Group Management Committee

Raoul has a degree in Business Administration from the
University of Bath where he also supports a number of
PhD programmes.


===== page 84 =====
82 __ Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Board of Directors continued

Ruth Prior

Group Chief Financial Officer

Appointment
Appointed in September 2024

Skills and experience

Ruth has extensive experience of global and high-growth
companies with a strong interest in technology and change.
Ruth is the Chair of the Group Operating Committee.

Prior to joining the Group, Ruth held CFO roles at Element,

a testing, inspection and certification services firm, as well

as William Hill plc. She was also Deputy CFO and COO

of Worldpay, a global payment-processing business, helping
lead the digital transformation and preparation of the business
for its IPO in 2015.

Earlier in her career, Ruth spent nearly ten years in a variery
of operational and financial roles within private equicy across
a variety of sectors including waste, renewables, music,
publishing and retail.

Ruth is a qualified accountant with a degree in Biochemistry.

Angeles Garcia-Poveda

Independent Non-Executive Director

BER

Appointment
Appointed in June 2021

Skills and experience
‘Angeles is an international executive with extensive experience
in governance.

She is currently Chairperson of the Board of Legrand SA, the
CAC 40 global specialist in electrical and digital building
infrastructure, where she has been lead independent director
and chaired the Nominations, Governance and Remuneration
committees. She sits on the Board of Directors of Puig and the
French Institute for Sustainable Finance, and was formerly an
independent director at Edenred, listed in the French CAC 40
index. She sits on the French High Committee for Corporate
Governance and is a member of the Medef Executive
Committee. She also spent 14 years with the Boston Consulting
Group, where she worked as a consultant in Madrid and Paris
prior to another 15 years with Spencer Stuart where she was
part of the global Management Team and served as a director.

Other significant appointments
~ Chairperson of the Board, Legrand S.A.
- Non-Executive Director, Puig Brands, S.A.


===== page 85 =====
83 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Archie Norman

Senior Independent Director

Appointment
Appointed in June 2021

Skills and experience

Archie has a breadth of business experience and an extensive
wack record in business change, having led the transformation
of a number of major UK businesses. He has served on the
board of a number of publicly listed companies in the UK
and internationally.

He is currently Chairman of Marks and Spencer plc and M
Group, and has served as Chairman of ITV ple and of Lazard
UK. He has also served as Lead Non-Executive Director at the
Department of Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy.
‘Amongst other positions he has held during his career, Archie
has previously served as Chief Executive and Chairman

of ASDA ple and Finance Director of Kingfisher plc. He has
served as a Non-Executive Director on the Board of British Rail,
Railtrack and Geest, and has also served as a Member of
Parliament in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the
United Kingdom for eight years.

Other significant appointments
= Chairman, Marks and Spencer ple

Carolyn McCall DBE

Independent Non-Executive Director

HEM

Appointment
Appointed in July 2021

Skills and experience
Carolyn is a seasoned chief executive with a strong track record
in value creation and business transformation.

She is currently Chief Executive of ITV ple, having previously
been Chief Executive of easyJet. She has also held various
commercial and management roles at the Guardian Media
Group, including CEO of Guardian Newspapers Ltd before
becoming Group CEO in 2006. She has served on the Boards of
a number of publicly listed global companies, including Tesco,
Lloyds Bank Group, New Look and Burberry where she served
as Senior Independent Director.

Carolyn joined the Board of the Royal Opera House Covent
Garden Foundation in 2024, and is the President of The
Marketing Society. She served as a trustee of the Royal Academy
for eight years. In 2016 she was awarded a DBE for services to
the aviation industry and received an OBE in 2008 for services
to women in business.

Other significant appointments
~ Chief Executive, ITV plc


===== page 86 =====
84

Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Board of Directors continued

Cyrus Taraporevala

Independent Non-Executive Director

Laney

Appointment
Appointed in January 2023

Skills and experience

Cyrus is a highly respected industry leader in asset management
with more than 30 years of experience, having successfully led
and grown global businesses of scale.

He is currently a Non-Executive Director of Shell plc and Pfizer
Inc. Previously he was President and Chief Executive Officer of
State Street Global Advisors from 2017 to 2022. Prior to joining
State Street, Cyrus held numerous leadership roles in asset
management including at Fidelity, BNY Mellon, Legg Mason
and Citigroup. Earlier in his career, Cyrus was a partner at
McKinsey & Company, based in New York and Copenhagen.

Cyrus serves as a board member of two non-profits: the Trustees
of Reservations, a Massachusetts-based conservation
organisation, and GBH, a public media producer, distributor,
broadcaster and content creator.

Other significant appointments
~ Non-Executive Director, Shell ple
- Non-Executive Director, Pfizer Inc.

John Dionne

Independent Non-Executive Director

Appointment
Appointment in July 2025

Skills and experience

John was a Senior Managing Director and then Senior Advisor
at The Blackstone Group from 2004 to 2023, initially serving as
CIO of an investment fund and later as the Global Head of its
Private Equity Investor Relations and Development function.
John led global fundraising efforts of over $17 billion for its
flagship fund immediately following the financial crisis. He later
helped launch key strategic initiatives, including Blackstone's
Tactical Oppornunities and Energy Transition Partners funds,
and the firm's retail investor platform.

John is also a Senior Lecturer of Business Administration at
Harvard Business School and is a Senior Adviser to BayPine and
Privacor. He previously held directorships with Caesars
Entertainment and Momentive Performance Materials.

Other significant appointments
~ Director, Cengage Learning, Inc.
- Director, Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.


===== page 87 =====
85 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Michelle Scrimgeour cBe

Independent Non-Executive Director

Appointment
Appointed in July 2025

Skills and experience

Michelle is an experienced business leader with broad
international and cross-functional expertise gained over a long
carcer in large and complex financial institutions.

Michelle served as CEO of Legal & General Investment
Management from 2019 to 2024. Before joining Legal &
General she was CEO, EMEA, at Columbia Threadneedle
Investments and a member of the Executive Leadership Team of
Ameriprise Financial. Prior to that, she was Chief Risk Officer at
M&G Investments and a Director of M&G Group Limited,
which she joined in 2012 after a successful career at BlackRock
and its predecessor firms, Merrill Lynch Investment Managers
and Mercury Asset Management.

Michelle was awarded a CBE in 2025 for services to the asset
management industry.

OB BRIEF

Audit and Risk Committee
ESSG Committee
Nomination Committee
Remuneration Committee
Committee Chair


===== page 88 =====
86

Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Chair’s governance
review

>

Tim Score
Chair

Tn 2025 significant areas of focus for the Board included
considering opportunities for growing the Group's business via
organic and inorganic means, and making progress towards the
Group's target of reaching $200 billion of AUM. This included
discussions on the new Bridgepoint Private Wealth placform.

‘The Board also discussed the new operating model for the
Group, involving a shift to a business unit and cenwral function
structure, and fundraising activities, including the BE VIII and
ECP VI flagship fundraises. During the year the Board
undertook a review of the Group's succession plan for

senior management.

The Board continues to engage with colleagues across the Group,
with various members of the Board attending the Group's firm-
wide offsite in London, and one of the Board meetings in 2025
was held in the Group's New York office.

Board composition

In July 2025 John Dionne and Michelle Scrimgeour were
appointed as Independent Non-Executive Directors following a
thorough appointment process. I am delighted to welcome them
to the Board, with both having extensive experience in asset
management which will be invaluable to the Group as it
continues to implement its strategy.

On appointment, Michelle became the Chair of the Audit and
Risk Committee, taking over from Cyrus Taraporevala who
filled the position on an interim basis, and John became a
member of the Audit and Risk Committee.

Further details are contained in the Nomination Committee report.

Stakeholder engagement

A full review of stakeholder engagement can be found on
pages 35 t0 41

Corporate Governance Code compliance

The governance report explains the key features of the
Group's governance framework. The Board remains committed
to maintaining high standards of corporate governance, and the
Group complies with all of the provisions of the Corporate
Governance Code. Further details are set out on page 90.

Board performance review

Tn accordance with the Corporate Governance Code, an annual
Board performance review was undertaken during 2025,
covering the Board, its committees and the Board members,
which [led in my role as Chair. The review concluded that

the Board and its committees were operating effectively, but
some recommendations were made to further improve
performance, including:

~ creating further opportunities to meet with colleagues from
across the Group, including those in the broader business,
potentially through a Board meeting held in one of the
European offices in 2026;

~ building on the sessions held during 2025 and scheduling
further Non-Executive Director meetings; and

- increasing the level of informal Board communications
between Board meetings, to aid efficiency in formal meetings.

Annual General Meeting

‘The Company’s AGM will take place at 1:00 p.m. on 12 May
2026 at the Group's London office at 5 Marble Arch, London,
W1H 7EJ. The notice of meeting and related explanatory notes
contain further details.

ko dow

Tim Score
Chair

> Find out more: bridgepointgroup.com



===== page 89 =====
87

Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Corporate governance report

1. Our governance framework

Below is a summary of the Group’s governance structure.

Board

Responsible for providing leadership, including
setting the Group’s purpose, strategy and values,
and promoting its long-term sustainable success.

A fall schedule of matters reserved for the Board
is available at bridgepointgroup.com

Committees

The Board has established the following
committees to assist it.

The terms of reference for the Audit and Risk,
Remuneration, Nomination and ESSG Committees
are available at bridgepointgroup.com

Audit and Risk Committee

The Audit and Risk Committee oversees external
and internal audits, and the Group's financial
reporting and disclosure. It also oversees the
Group’s risk management framework and system
of internal controls.

Nomination Committee

The Nomination Committee evaluates the
composition and performance of the Board

and senior executive team. It ensures that plans

are in place for orderly succession for
appointments to the Board and senior management,
and considers candidates for Board positions.

Disclosure Committee

The Disclosure Committee evaluates the need
for announcements to the market and reviews
and approves the release of RNS announcements
relating to financial results or other material
information. The Disclosure Committee
comprises Raoul Hughes, Tim Score, Ruth Prior
and Archie Norman.

Remuneration Committee

The Remuneration Committee determines the
remuneration policy for Directors. It reviews
performance-related pay schemes for Executive
Directors and senior management, and share-based
incentive plans for the Executive Directors.

ESSG Committee
The ESSG Committee assists the Board with its
oversight of environmental, social, security and
governance matters.

Chief Executive,
Group Management
Committee and
Group Operating
Committee

The Board delegates day-to-day responsibility for running the Group to the Chief Executive. The Chief
Executive is assisted in this role by the Group Management Committee, which oversees implementation
of the overall strategy of the Group as determined by the Board, and the Group Operating Committee,
which manages day-to-day operations and the Group's professional services.



===== page 90 =====
88 __Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Governance

Corporate governance report continued

2. Board roles and responsibilities

‘The Board provides entrepreneurial leadership and direction to the Company. The Board promotes the long-term sustainable success
of the Company, generating value for shareholders and contributing to wider sociery. The Board is also responsible for oversight
of the Group’s governance and internal controls.

Broadly, key executive and non-executive responsibilities are divided as follows:

- Leads the Board and is responsible for the overall effectiveness of the Board and its committees

- Promotes a culture of openness and debate on the Board, facilitating effective contribution
from Non-Executive Directors

Chair - In conjunction wich the Chief Executive, ensures effective communication between the Board and
shareholders, and represents the Company with external stakeholders

- Ensures Directors are made aware of significant shareholder and stakeholder concerns

~ Oversees the annual evaluation of the performance and effectiveness of the Board

Runs the Group on a day-to-day basis
- Proposes the Group’s strategy and implements the strategy approved by the Board

~ Ensures that the Board is aware of the views of executive management on business issues, and ensures,
Chief Executive that the Board is provided with accurate, timely and clear reporting

~ In conjunction with the Chair, ensures effective communication between the Board and shareholders,
and represents the Company with external stakeholders

- Leads the Group Management Committee

~ Provides strategic financial leadership to the Group and oversees the finance function on a

day-to-day basis
Group Chief __ Develops strategies for consideration by the Board, alongside the Chief Executive and
Financial executive management
Officer

~ Leads the development of annual budgets for Board approval
- Leads the Group Operating Committee



===== page 91 =====
89 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Governance

Board roles and responsibilities continued

- Acts as a sounding board for the Chair
Senior Independent ~ Leads meetings of the Non-Executive Directors at least annually to appraise the Chair's performance
~ Is responsible for an orderly succession process for the Chair
~ Bring special expertise to the Board
= Constructively challenge and hold to account the Executive Directors against agreed
Non-Executive performance objectives
Directors - Monitor the delivery of the Group’s strategy within the risk and control framework set by the Board
— Monitor the integrity and effectiveness of the Group's financial reporting, internal controls and risk
management systems
~ Responsible for advising the Board, in conjunction with the Group General Counsel, on legal,
governance and listing matters and assisting the Board in all governance-relaced matters
Group Company —_- Provides support to the Board and its committees, ensuring that they have the resources required to
Secretary operate effectively

= Maintains the books and records of the Group, and prepares minutes of Board and
Committee meetings

3. Board activities
During 2025, the Board met six times and among other areas discussed:

~ organic and inorganic growth opportunities, including the Private Wealth platform;

= updates on the performance of each of the Group's strategies and funds, as well as the fundraising process for funds in the market;
~ the results of an employee engagement survey;

= engagement with the Company's shareholders;

~ a further share buyback programme of up to £50 million;

~ the external auditor tender process;

- financial reporting matters and the Group's 2024 Annual Report and 2025 interim results,

~ the 2026/7 budget;

— the five-year medium-term plan; and

= legal and governance updates.

Board meetings have standing agenda items which ensures that key aspects of the business are given due consideration.


===== page 92 =====
90 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Governance

Corporate governance report continued

‘The attendance at Board and Committee meetings in 2025 is set out below, including the number of meetings attended by
individual Directors, and the total meetings that they were entitled to attend.

Name Board Audit and Risk Remuneration Nomination ESSG
Tim Score 6/6 = - V1 -
Raoul Hughes 6/6 = - = =
Ruth Prior 6/6 = 7 = =
‘Angeles Garcia-Poveda 6/6 - 4/4 v1 v1
John Dionne 3/3* 3/3° = - -
Dame Carolyn McCall 6/6 6/6 = VW iva]
Archie Norman 6/6 6/6 4/4 v1 =
Michelle Scrimgeour 3/3" 3/3" = = =
Cyrus Taraporevala 6/6 6/6 4/4 VW -

John Dionne and Michelle Serimgeour were appointed on 1 July 2025.

4. Culture

‘The Group's core values of ‘We do what we say’, ‘We do the right thing’ and ‘We act with intelligence and humility’ underpin a
strong, professional and inclusive culture. The Board had a number of opportunities to monitor and assess the Group’s culture
throughout the year, including through participation in the Group's global offsite held in the aurumn in London, the employee
engagement survey and ad hoc meetings between colleagues and Directors. Through these opportunities, as well as others
throughout 2025, the Board is satisfied that the Group’s core values and culture are well embedded across the Group and within
each of its business units, strategies and functions. The Board recognises the contribution of the Group's unique culture to the success
of the business and is satisfied that itis aligned with the Company's purpose, values and strategy. No specific corrective action was
requested of management during the year.

5. Conflicts of interest

In accordance with the Company’s Articles the Board has a formal system in place for Directors to declare conflicts of interest
and for such conflicts to be considered for authorisation.

In circumstances where a potential conflict arises, the Board (excluding the Director concerned) will consider the situation andeither
authorise the arrangement in accordance with the Companies Act 2006 and the Company's Articles or take other appropriate action.

All potential conflicts authorised by the Board are recorded in a register which is maintained by the Company Secretary.
Directors have a continuing duty to update the Board with any changes to their conflicts of interest.
6. Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code

‘The Company was subject to the Corporate Governance Code for the year ended 31 December 2025, which is publicly available
at wwwfrc.orguk. During 2025 the Company applied the principles of the Corporate Governance Code and complied with all ofits
applicable provisions


===== page 93 =====
91 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

t Governance

Nomination
Committee report

>

Archie Norman
Chair of the Nomination Committee

During 2025 the Nomination Committee
oversaw the appointment of two further
Non-Executive Directors to the Board,
John Dionne and Michelle Scrimgeour,
and also discussed broader succession
planning.

Board composition and appointments

Delivering on the objectives set out in 2024, on 1 July 2025
John and Michelle were appointed as Non-Executive Directors,
adding invaluable asset management experience to the Board.

John was formerly a Senior Managing Director of Blackstone,
serving as Global Head of the Private Equity Business
Development and Investor Relations groups. Michelle also has
extensive experience in asset management, most recently as
Chief Executive Officer of Legal & General Investment
Management. Together, their appointments further complement
the balance of skills and experiences held by the Non-Executive
Director group. On appointment, Michelle became Chair of the
Audit and Risk Committee and John also joined the Audit and
Risk Committee.

The Parker Review target continued to be satisfied throughout
2025 and, following the appointments of John Dionne and
Michelle Scrimgeour in July four out of nine Directors are
women. In 2026, the Nomination Commiccee will continue to
assess the balance of skills, experiences, and perspectives held by
the Directors.

Succession planning

The Board held detailed discussions in 2025 relating to
succession planning, focusing on senior management and also
their reports.

Senior management and direct reports

‘As at 31 December 2025, of the 20 members of the Group
Management Committee and the Group Operating Committee,
five were women, and of the 91 direct reports to members

of these committees, 37 were women.

Archie Norman
Chair of the Nomination Committee

> Find out more: bridgepointgroup.com


===== page 94 =====
92 __ Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Audit and Risk
Committee report

>

Michelle Scrimgeour
Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee

It is my pleasure to present the report
of the Committee for the year ended
31 December 2025. The Committee
assists the Board to fulfil its oversight
responsibilities relating to financial
reporting, internal control and risk
management. This report outlines
how the Committee discharged these
responsibilities and the key topics it
considered in so doing.

In September, | welcomed the opportunity to assume the role of

Chair of the Committee, taking over from Cyrus Taraporevala
who held the position of Interim Chair prior to my appointment.

‘The Committee has an annual work programme aligned to key
reporting outputs including review of the full-year and half-year
financial reporting, oversight of the work performed by the
internal and external auditors, and review of the risk
management and internal control frameworks.

Further information on activities undertaken by the Committee
in relation to each of these areas is contained in the Committee
report on the following pages.

The key activities of the Committee in the year included:

~ conducting an external audit tender process, culminating in

a recommendation to the Board to appoint KPMG as the

new Group external auditor for the financial year ending

31 December 2026;

assessing the work undertaken by the Group in readiness for

Provision 29 of the updated UK Corporate Governance Code

applicable to accounting periods beginning on or after

1 January 2026, including reconfirming the Group's principal

risks and the approach to defining and identifying material

controls under Provision 29;

reviewing the Group's cyber risk posture, including cyber

resilience, che results of external reviews and insurance.

‘An assessment of the ECP cyber risk environment was

undertaken, including an update on integration into the

Group's IT and cybersecurity environment;

Overseeing the work performed by the internal audit function

in respect of internal controls, which has included a review of

the implementation of a new Enterprise Resource Planning

(ERP) system by the Finance team, a review of marketing and

distribution practices, an audit of the Luxembourg AIFM and

a review of the investment governance process in the ECP

business; and

~ reviewing the content and integrity of the full-year and half-
year financial reporting, including this Annual Report.

I wish to thank my fellow members of the Committee for their
contributions during the year, and I look forward to continuing
our work in 2026.

M Samir

Michelle Scrimgeour
Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee

>

Find out more: bridgepointgroup.com



===== page 95 =====
93 __ Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Committee governance

Meetings

‘The Committee meets regularly, at least three times a year.
In carrying out its duties, the Committee is authorised by the
Board to obtain any information it needs from any Director or
employee of the Group. The Committee met six times during
2025 and has met twice since the end of the year ahead of
publication of this Annual Report.

Composition

‘The Committee has a good balance of skills and knowledge,
including financial sector experience. In 2025, the Audit and
Risk Committee increased its membership to five Independent
Non-Executive Directors, all of whom have financial or related
business experience due to the senior positions they hold or
have held in other listed or publicly traded companies or similar
large organisations.

After one year, Cyrus Taraporevala stepped down as Interim
Chair but continued as a member of the Commitcee. Michelle
Scrimgeour took the role of Chair of the Committee from July.
Michelle has extensive experience as a business leader in large
and complex financial institutions including serving as CEO of
Legal & General Investment Management (LGIM) from 2019 to
2024. The qualifications and relevant experience of the other
Committee members are detailed on pages 81 to 85.

The Chief Executive, Group CFO and Chair are not members of
the Committee but attend meetings at the invitation of the Chair
of the Committee. Forvis Mazars LLP, as external audicor, and
members of the Group's Finance and Legal and Compliance
teams also regularly attend meetings. Deloitte, who provide co-
sourced internal audit services to the Group’s internal audit
function, are invited to attend each meeting.

The Committee met with the external auditor without members
of management being present ahead of the approval of the 2025
financial statements. The external auditor can raise matters
directly with the Committee if they consider that it is desirable
to do so. Inaddition, the Chair of the Committee meets with the
external auditor and members of the Finance team separately, as
appropriate, throughout the year.

Terms of reference

The Committee has formal terms of reference which can be
accessed on our website at bridgepointgroup.com.

‘The terms of reference are reviewed by the Board on a
regular basis.

Effectiveness

The operations of the Committee were reviewed as part of the
Board evaluation undertaken in 2025. The Committee was
found to be operating effectively. More details on the Board
effectiveness review more generally can be found on page 86.

Principal responsibilities of the Committee:

Risk management

Financial reporting

External audit

Internal audit

and internal controls

Monitoring the integrity and
quality of the financial
statements of the Company,
including any formal
announcement relating to
financial performance, and
reviewing and challenging
where necessary major issues
regarding accounting
principles, policies, practices,

judgements and presentation.

‘Oversight of the external
auditor, reviewing the
effectiveness of the external
audit process, making
recommendations to the
Board on the appointment,
re-appointment and removal
of the external auditor, and
developing policy on the
engagement of the external
auditor to supply non-audit
services.

‘Oversight of the internal
auditor, reviewing the work
performed by the internal
auditor, reviewing the
effectiveness of internal audit
(including its plans

and resources), and making
recommendations to the
Board on the appointment,
re-appointment and removal
of the internal auditor.

Monitoring the adequacy and
effectiveness of the
Company's internal controls
and risk management
systems.



===== page 96 =====
94 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Audit and Risk Committee report continued

Areas of focus in relation to financial reporting

Areas of focus considered by the Committee in relation to financial reporting for the year ended 31 December 2025, and the work
taken by the Committee in respect of these matters, are set out in the following table:

Matter

Work undertaken

Alternative performance measures
The Group uses a number of alternative

performance measures, including, but not limited to:

- EBITDA;

- Underlying EBITDA;

- Underlying EBITDA margin;

~ PRE;

~ PRE;

~ FRE margin;

- Underlying profit before tax; and

- Underlying profic before tax margin

AA full ist can be found on pages 210 to 214.

‘The Committee reviewed the alternative performance measures used by
the Group, considering their appropriateness.

‘As the ECP transaction completed during the 2024 year, the Group's
2025 performance is compared to measures which include ECP for the
prior comparative period as if the transaction had occurred on the first day
of the year, as well as measures required under IFRS from the date that the
transaction actually concluded.

‘The Committee was satisfied that the alternative performance measures
selected, including those relating to ECP, provide useful complementary
information to stakeholders, and do not detract from the IFRS measures.

The Committee was also satisfied with the adequacy of the disclosure of
the reconciliation of the alternative performance measures with the IFRS
measures included within the Annual Report.

Exceptional items

‘The Group's income statement includes exceptional
items which are separately disclosed. In addition,
the alternative performance measures used by the
Group may be adjusted to exclude certain
transactions. The identification of exceptional and
adjusted items involves judgement.

The Committee reviewed the items selected by management for treatment
as exceptional or adjusted items in the financial statements, which for the
year ended 31 December 2025 principally related to incentive schemes
linked to the ECP transaction and performance-related earnings (PRE)
attributable to third-party investors that invest in a structured vehicle
consolidated by the Group.

‘The Committee was satisfied that the disclosure of these items as
exceptional or adjusted was appropriate and in line with the Group's
accounting policies, and there was appropriate reconciliation to the
IFRS measures.

Consolidation

The Group holds investments in a number of funds,
carried interest partnerships and CLOs which it
manages. Judgement is required to be exercised in
assessing whether these investments are controlled
by the Group and therefore need to be consolidated
into the Group's financial statements.

‘The Committee reviewed management's assessment of investments that
the Group is deemed to control in accordance with IFRS 10 “Consolidated
Financial Statements”, and their treatment within the financial statements,
for the year ended 31 December 2025.

The Committee concluded that it was satisfied with management's
assessment.

Revenue recognition

Revenue recognition for the Group's management
fees is not complex. The recognition of carried
interest income and investment income is more
complex and involves estimates and judgement.

‘The Committee reviewed the recognition of management fees, carried
interest and investment income. The Committee carefully considered the
estimates and judgements applied in the recognition of carried interest
income, including the discounts applied to the fair value of unrealised
investments and how it was applied to funds depending upon the stage
and maturity profile of each fund.

‘The Committee concluded it was satisfied that revenue had been properly
recognised in the financial statements



===== page 97 =====
95 __ Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Matter

Work undertaken

Investment valuation

‘The Group’s co-investments represent a significant
portion of the consolidated balance sheet. As these
are mainly unquoted and illiquid, considerable
professional judgement is required in determining
their valuation.

The Committee reviewed the methodologies used to value the Group's
investments in private equity, infrastructure and credit funds, the process
and governance in respect of the valuations and the outcome of that
process as at 31 December 2025.

Specifically, during 2025, the Committee reviewed:

~ the investment profile of the Group including the specific assets driving
valuation progression in the funds in the financial year;

= the methodologies used in valuing private equity and infrastructure
investments and the more significant changes during the year (increases
and decreases);

- changes to the disclosures of estimates used in investment valuation
within the financial statements, including the application of carried
interest discounts; and

- the inputs used within the discounted cash flow model in respect of the
CLO notes and stress testing performed

Having challenged the approach to valuation taken by management, the
Committee was satisfied with the approach taken as at 31 December 2025
and the disclosures made within the financial statements.

Effective tax rate

‘The Group is subject to normal full tax rates in the
jurisdictions in which it operates. However, its
current effective tax rate is lower than the UK
statutory tax rate. This is because of timing
differences in when the Group’s income is taxed
and the Group has tax losses carried forward in the
UK. Taken together these are key drivers in the
difference in the rate.

‘The Committee reviewed the way in which the tax charge for the year had
been determined, including the recognition and utilisation of tax losses
carvied forward, and the reconciliation of the effective tax rate to the UK
statutory rate

The Committee concluded that it was satisfied with management's
approach to the calculation of tax.



===== page 98 =====
96 __Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Audit and Risk Committee report continued

Matter

Work undertaken

Viability statement and going concern

The appropriateness of preparing the Group
financial statements on a going concer basis, and
whether the assessment undertaken by
management regarding the Group’s long-term
viability appropriately reflects the prospects of the
Group and covers an appropriate period.

The Committee considered whether management's viability statement
assessment adequately reflected the Group's key risks as disclosed on pages
67 to 71, whether the period covered by the statement was reasonable
given the strategy of the Group, the risk scenarios selected by management
and the environment in which the Group operates.

Asa result of the assessment undertaken, the Committee was satisfied with
the approach taken for the viability assessment and that the going concern
basis of preparation is appropriate.

Climate-related financial disclosures

The Group is required to make certain disclosures
in relation to the TCFD recommendations and
makes additional recommended disclosures within
the Annual Report on how the Group integrates
climate risks and opportunities into business and
investment decisions. It also provides data on direct
greenhouse gas emissions.

The Committee reviewed the way in which the Group's TCFD disclosures
have been prepared and presented within the Annual Report.

The Committee concluded that it was satisfied with the disclosures
included.

2025 Annual Report

Under the Corporate Governance Code, the Board
should establish arrangements to ensure that the
Annual Report presents a fair, balanced and
understandable assessment of the Group's position
and prospects.

The Committee was provided with drafts of the Annual Report and
provided feedback on areas where further clarity or information was
required to provide a complete picture of the Group's performance.

‘The Committee members were also provided with the final draft for
review as part of the final sign-off.



===== page 99 =====
“Bunsoa apne wioyiad pur ueid 02 pasn sjana| Aaujeuaweyy —
pure ‘suawareis peloueUY atp Ut IuaWarerssIUt Jo
sysix paoueyua pur wUuedytUBis jo Ma{A sJoupne [eularxy -

‘2ouapuadeput pur ssauannaaya

lay Bursasi9a0 puke Loupe [eusa1x9 ay Jo [eAOWas
pue 1uaunuiodde-a1 uaunutodde 43 uo uowepusuiuiodas
2 Suryew apnjout saniiqisuodsar s aammuuoD ay,

‘saruedwiod
Azerpisqns Jo upne axp Surpnjout ‘upne arp soy amu], — “1opne paimiodde se sieaX aay 10} paatas mou aay Say,
‘siuaUsoTes “z0z 1aquianaq L¢ papua sak feoueuy ay) soy soupne
[eueuy pareprjosuos ayn soy upne aup jo adoas ayp ut aq, [eusarxa s,dnoin ap se parutodde aram gry] siezeyy SLO

pmom 2eup sannua ap Sutpnpout ‘qoeordde pue ado2s upny -

Ly Jo MatAaz e papn|aut sty, Su!uauLUOD3t 02 soLd
uipne ayp Jo adoas ay paaide pur passnosip santos ay,

apne peusaixq

Upne [eusaqut pure [eux

“OZOZ Ul ANUAUOD [[LM 310M Sty, “SASH AoW PUR Syst fedoULd OF SEY
[onuod [eLialew yoea Moy pur s[o.nUOD atp Jo aimaeU atp Surpnjut ‘sjonu0D
ebueuy-uou pur jersueuy feuarew <ynuapt 02 y>eoidde papuarut s,dnoip,

up pur ‘pop a2uewianod aresodior y{/] aYp Jo EZ UOIsLAdIg Jo ados
Ut [onto feyiawUL Jo UORIUYap s,dnoig axp pamaiAai aMIWUWOS a4],

sarepdn apor aaueusaaoy aresodiog 4,

unturard jemauaa otf pure s[ead| S8eIAO> Suipnput swuredoid soueansui
dnois amoda8pug aup jo auipno ue pamataas ose aamWWOD ay
‘aBueys CrorenBaz so 1uaurssasse pue uonesuosared ysis ‘ystu Crorejndai
BuBeuew 01 yreoidde uidiooy A1orejnBa. jeqo]s Surpryout sysut
edisuud Arorejnas pure eB9j uo aarp daap e pawuojiad aanmuwios ay)

Asorejn Bas pur ye87]

“ssanoid ayqeced

siunoa2e ayp 02 apewi Sulaq suawe2ueyua uo papiaoid ose sem Suyauq y
aannarig Sunioday Aayiqeurersng aresodio> fq aup Buipnyput seinsopsip
Aaurqeumasns pue oer uuu [eqo[8 om, re[llq (stusWIOIeIg [eIDUeUL|
UL aunsojasiq] pue UoREaUasaig, BT SYel| Jo SuoReD dunt Suniodas persue
ay) uo Suyauig e ‘or pau] Ou Inq Burpnyput wai wTIpau or UOYs

ayn ut dross ayp uo rseduuy ue aaey Kew rep soidoa Aaysqeureasns pure

xe) Bununosse uo payauiq sem aamtuwod ayy, “Auoyane Jo suoneBojep
areudoidde pur ‘Syst aBueyaxa uBtatoy jo 1uausaBeueW a4 UO sn204
oytoads yaim ‘sorsijod Ainsean pur »[sui eIoueuy pamoiaas so11WWIOS 94),

Aansva. pue aauvuny

“ssauisng Suasixa ayp YIM sjonuo0d

pur sassazoid uBie pur aresSarut o2 paimbai suonde jo uonesapisuod

pure 1USLUOIALAa {gq ayp Jo MaLAaI e papnjout si “YlomaueLy

ASIN atp isureSe uostredwio> & yun Suoye saouemmsut pue Suuionuow
snonunuos Sunsai uonensuad ‘“y8isi9A0 pur asuewiado Buipnyout dnos
iuoda8pug ay jo armusod CaumaasiaqAd ay) uo pjay suoissas aatp-daaq

aaqkp

“sysut pediouud dnoin autodaSpug

ayn jo arepdn ue pue ASojopoyreuu 1uatussasse ysut ayp ‘uauiazers anadde
jst yBis12A0 pur asuewi9Ac8 ysui japow Suaesado 198.03 parepdn

ayn on Wg atp Jo 1usWUBIE SuIpnjouy spomawey (py) waweSeuEUL
sti asuicliaaus s,dnois ap 01 saBuey pasodoid pamataas 2aMWWOD 24,

ylomaureay 1uaWaseuRU ysIYy

uaye1apun x10,

saneyy

{qe Suumoyjoy 24p ut no 298 a1e ‘s1oMeU 9so4p Jo sDadS—1 UL dOmIUILOD
ay) Aq uayeniepun som aun pue ‘s]o.nu09 [ewaIU! pue 1usWABELEUL S11 01 UON|91 WI BINILUUOD aya Aq PalaprsuoD sn294 Jo seaLy

suoday jenuuy ax unin paruasaida: uaag aney Aayp

oy aim paaife pue dnoig ayn Buidey syst fediutsd ayp Jo arepdn pue maiaad e ano paLised sey ‘saniwWOD ai YBnosLp ‘preg ay,

TL 01 19 sed uo punoy aq ued sysiu Kay Jo ONeSaIw pue iuawadeuew ay pur ssaroid wuawaSeuew ysl sdnosd ap jo sje12qQ,

s[O1UO0D [eutolUI pue quauraseueul sry

BIURLUBAOD) squnosoy 9g Uoday jenuuy sz9z — dnosg ywiodaspug 16


===== page 100 =====
98

Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Audit and Risk Committee report continued

~ Key audit matters and other judgement areas within the
financial statements; and
- Engagement terms, including the proposed audit fees

‘The Committee subsequently reviewed reports from the
external auditor setting out the status of:

— Interim audit testing, including a review of technical
accounting matters and areas of estimates and judgements;

~ Final audit testing, including conclusions in respect of the
adequacy of disclosures within the financial statements;

- Unadjusted misstatements that they had found in the course
of their work, which were immaterial;

~ Work performed over the Directors’ viability and going
concer statements;

- Internal control recommendations and an overview of
additional auditor requirements for entities that report on how
they have applied the UK Corporate Governance Code; and

- Audit independence and schedule of non-audit services.

In order to assess the quality and effectiveness of the external
audit, the Committee has reviewed the audit process and the
quality and experience of the audit team engaged in the audit,
including the extent to which they had demonstrated
competence, objectivity and professional scepticism. The
Committee noted the receipt of quality reports from the external
auditors with detailed information on the scope and results of
their work, including challenges to management judgements.

Non-audit services provided by the external auditor
Forvis Mazars LLP are primarily engaged to carry out starutory
audit work. There may be other services where the external
auditor is considered to be the most suitable supplier by
reference to its skills and experience. A policy is in place for the
provision of non-audit services by the external auditor, to ensure
that the provision of such services does not impair the external
auditor's independence or objectivity, in accordance with the
FRC’s Revised Ethical Standard. As part of the audit tender
process set out further below, the Committee adopted an
updated non-audit services policy. This extended the policy to
provide guidance on what types of services the Company's
auditor can provide to the funds and portfolio companies

in fucure,

‘The fee for non-audit services was £0.2 million for the year
ended 31 December 2025. Details of all fees charged by the
external auditor during the year are set out on page 157.

The Statutory Audit Services for Large Companies
Market Investigation (Mandatory Use of Competitive
Tender Processes and Audit Committee
Responsibilities) Order 2014 (the “Order”)

Forvis Mazars LLP were first appointed as statutory auditor of
the Company in 2021 following a competitive tender process,
and the Company confirms ies compliance with the Order.

During the year, the Committee elected to commence a statutory
auditor tender process as part of a global firm-wide review of
professional services, including audit and tax.

A competitive tender process was completed. This did not
preclude the participation of challenger audit firms. Six firms in
total invited to tender, four of which completed a Request for
Information, and three were taken forward and invited to
complete a Request for Proposal (RFP).

‘The participating firms met with many teams across the Group
to build a beter understanding of the business. Following
submission of the RFPs, the three firms which participated in the
RFP presented to a panel comprised of members of the
Committee and the Group CFO.

Firms were assessed based on audit approach, audit service,
capability and competence, behaviour and deliverables.

Following the completion of the tender process, the Committee
recommended to the Board that KPMG be appointed as

the Group's statutory auditor for the financial year ending

31 December 2026. The Board subsequently approved this
appointment, subject to shareholder approval at the 2026 AGM

Internal audit

‘The Group's internal audit function is accountable to the
Committee and uses a risk-based approach to provide
independent assurance on the adequacy and effectiveness of the
control environment. Deloitte LLP provide co-sourced internal
audit services to the Group's internal audit function, having been
appointed in 2022

An audit plan has been developed for a three-year period, which
envisages up to five audits per year across the Group's various
business units and was subject to review and challenge by the
Committee before being approved.

Each review evaluates the design and operational effectiveness
of the controls in place to address the risks identified

During the year a number of audits were completed, which
included reviews of

~ Marketing and distribution;

~ ECP investment governance;

~ Implementation of the Netsuite enterprise risk management
(ERP) application by the Finance team (phase 2 - migration
review); and

- Luxembourg AIFM.

In addition, fieldwork commenced for a Group cybersecurity
review.

The progress of management action plans is reported to the
Committee at each meeting.


===== page 101 =====
99

Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

ESSG Committee report

>

Carolyn McCall DBE
Chair of the ESSG Committee

Introduction

‘The Group’s ESSG Committee comprises two Independent
Non-Executive Directors: myself and Angeles Garcia-Poveda.
"The Committee is supported by a number of leaders within
Bridgepoint, including sustainability specialists across the
business, and the newly convened ESSG Working Group. This
is chaired by Ruth Prior, CFO, who has executive Board-level
responsibility for ESSG matters. The ESSG Committee aims to
meet at least twice a year.

The Committee's purpose is to assist the Board in fulfilling its
oversight responsibilities in relation to ESSG matters and policy
execution. It also measures sustainability performance and risk
indicators across the Group, contributing to the overall resilience
of the business and its investment portfolio. It aims to provide
key input and challenge in respect of ESSG matters as well as the
management activities that support these ambitions

In an increasingly uncertain global environment, this focus on
resilience has become an even more critical lens through which
‘we assess opportuniy, risk and long-term value creation. Our
wider ESSG approach reflects this, bringing together
environmental, social, security and governance considerations as
part ofa single oversight lens that supports durable growth
across the Group and its investment portfolio.

Within the overarching ESSG framework, individual investment
strategies are empowered to set ESSG related targers and
establish areas of ESSG focus, responding to the differing views
and preferences of relevant fund investors.

Work of the Committee in 2025

‘Throughout 2025, the Group continued to integrate ECP into
our ESSG processes and strategy, while a review of Bridgepoint’s
ESSG governance and operating model saw the formation of the
ESSG Working Group, which will further support the ESSG
Committee and will report to the Group Operating Committee
Focused on Group initiatives and oversight, the ESSG Working
Group will be responsible for development and implementation
of Group-wide policy and commitments, while also ensuring
cohesion across business units as appropriate.

Reflecting both evolving disclosure requirements and the
Group’s holistic focus on a range of factors important to long-
term value and growth - including economic and operational
security - we have broadened our disclosures from climate-
related risks to inchude cybersecurity, which can be found on

pages 72 to 79. During the year, our teams also considered the
implications of emerging technologies, including artificial
intelligence, focusing on the balance between innovation,
opportunity and effective risk management.

In 2025, the Group enhanced its ability to capture and analyse
demographic and social mobility data following the rollout of a
refined global HR system. This has increased diversity data
completion rates, providing a stronger evidence base to support
Bridgepoint’s diversity and inclusion strategic objectives. This
supports a more informed and targeted approach to shaping
priorities and monitoring progress, while maintaining the
Group’s commitment to a balanced approach that values
diversity alongside merit-based hiring. We believe that fostering
diverse perspectives strengthens both the firm and its portfolio,
with the key focus remaining on the development of a
sustainable pipeline of talent.

Alongside this development, the Group remained actively
engaged in a wide range of people initiatives. A key area of focus
was social mobilicy, with volunteering, outreach and mentoring
programmes designed to create opportunities for young people
from less advantaged backgrounds and to support the
development of diverse future talent. In addition, Bridgepoint
partners with a number of industry-specific and broader
organisations supporting diversity and inclusion across the
private capital sector, including Level20 and the Social

Mobility Foundation.

Priorities for 2026

For 2026, our focus will continue to be on Group level ESSG
commitments and the ongoing application of our responsible
investment practices to boost resilience across the lifecycle of
investments. We also look forward to welcoming and integrating
Newbury Partners into our business, Finally, 2026 will see the
newly launched The Bridgepoint Group Foundation, which

will scale its operations and amplify its contributions to
meaningful causes.

CIOS
Carolyn McCall DBE

Chair of the ESSG Committee

> Eind out more: bridgepointgroup.com



===== page 102 =====
100 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Remuneration
Committee report

>

Angeles Garcia-Poveda
Chair of the Remuneration Committee

As Chair of the Group Remuneration
Committee, I am pleased to present on
behalf of the Remuneration Committee
the Directors’ Remuneration Report for
the year ended 31 December 2025.

Remuneration philosophy

Bridgepoint Group places people at che heart of its business. This
philosophy informs both the way we operate and the manner in
which we recognise and reward our employees. We attract
highly skilled and diverse professionals who demonstrate
exceptional-drive and commitment, and we invest in their
development through structured training and practical
experience. Our culture promotes collaboration and inclusion,
ensuring that talent can flourish across the organisation.

Our remuneration framework is designed to reinforce this
culture whilst maintaining strong alignment with shareholder
interests. In addition to competitive fixed remuneration and
benefits, we operate discretionary bonus arrangements

that reflect both individual contributions and overall
corporate performance.

Our Directors’ Remuneration Policy (the “Remuneration
Policy”), which was approved by shareholders at the 2025 AGM
with over 99% support, aims to reflect our internal culture of
share ownership, rewards for strong performance, and alignment
with our fund investors as well as our shareholders.

Our Executive Directors have a simple remuneration structure
operated within the Remuneration Policy. In each case, their
remuneration structure has been adapted to take account of their
individual roles within the Group.

Asa committee, we are pleased to confirm that during 2025,
remuneration arrangements both for Executive Directors
and the wider workforce have continued to operate in line
with the Remuneration Policy and philosophy.

Financial performance

Business performance in the year ended 31 December 2025 saw
pro forma underlying EBITDA increasing by 4.4% to £304.8

~ million and pro forma underlying profit before tax increasing by
4.5% to £248.3 million, translating to underlying earnings per
share of 26.5 pence.

The results were driven by consistent capital deployment, good
fund performance, continued return of capital to fund investors,
and further successful fundraisings.

Board changes

As previously announced, John Dionne and Michelle
Scrimgeour were appointed as Independent Non-Executive
Directors from 1 July 2025.

On appointment, Michelle became the Chair of the Audit and
Risk Committee and John became a member of the Audit and
Risk Committee.

Director biographies can be found on pages 81 to 85 and details
of the remuneration payable to all Executive and Non-Executive
Directors are set out on page 103.

Remuneration payable in respect of 2025

‘The base salary of the Group Chief Executive (“Chief
Executive”) and the Group Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”)
remained unchanged in 2025. During the year, both the Chief
Executive and CFO received a grant under the RSP which
equated to 100% of their respective salaries. These awards

will vest after three years subject to continued employment
and achievement of the underpin as set our in the
Remuneration Policy

When considering the annual bonus outcome for the Chief
Executive and CFO roles, the Group uses a scorecard of
measures that reflect the Group’s business strategy, and which
align with the interests of our stakeholders. In 2025, the annual
bonus outcome was measured against Fee Related Earnings
(“FRE”), Performance Related Earnings (“PRE”) and cash
conversion as well as other strategic, capital, people and

ESG criteria.

The Chief Executive and CFO have performed well in relation
to both strategic and financial objectives for the year, with FRE,
PRE and cash conversion above the target set by the Committee.
The successful completion of the Newbury transaction and
employee engagement progress have resuited in the Chief
Executive receiving 84.5% of his maximum bonus enticement
at 169% of salary and the CFO receiving 84% of maximum.
bonus entitlement at 168% of salary.


===== page 103 =====
101

Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Approach to remuneration for 2026

‘A number of factors were considered including performance,
the increased size and complexity of the business, the market
environment, the wider stakeholder context, and the position
of Executive Director remuneration relative to the market.

Base salary
‘The base salary of the Chief Executive will increase by 3.5% to
£880,000 and the base salary of the CFO will increase by 4% to
£650,000 from 1 April 2026.

Variable pay

In line with the Remuneration Policy, the Chief Executive and
CFO will be eligible to receive an annual bonus for 2026, with
the maximum bonus opportunity remaining at 200% of salary.

‘The Committee has reviewed the ongoing appropriateness and
balance of metrics used for the bonus award and determined that
both the Chief Executive and CFO should remain aligned to the
same metrics focusing on FRE, PRE, and cash conversion, which
provide a view of underlying business performance to our
stakeholders, as well as key strategic measures. The weighting of
these measures for 2026 remains unchanged from 2025.

‘An RSP award will be made to the Chief Executive and CFO
following the announcement of annual results, The award will be
valued at 100% of salary and will vest after three years subject to
continued employment and the performance underpin.

Remuneration arrangements elsewhere
in the Group

During 2025 we launched our latest employee engagement
survey, maintaining high levels of engagement with a
participation rate of 84% and a strong overall engagement score.
We continue to monitor this survey which enables colleagues,
on aconfidential basis, co provide feedback on a full range of
employment issues, including remuneration.

An average salary increase of 7.0% was approved for the
wider workforce.
Conclusion

The Committee has satisfied itself that the remuneration
outcomes for 2025 are appropriate and that the Remuneration
Policy has operated as intended.

On behalf of the Committee, thank you for reading this report
and we look forward to receiving your support at the AGM on
12 May 2026 in relation to the approval of the Directors’
Remuneration Report for 2025.

‘Angeles Garcia-Poveda

Chair of the Remuneration Committee

> Find out more: bridgepointgroup.com


===== page 104 =====
102

Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Governance

Annual report on remuneration

Remuneration Policy

During 2025, we operated under the Directors’ Remuneration Policy approved at the AGM on 15 May 2025. The full
Remuneration Policy can be found on our corporate website bridgepointgroup.com.

Consideration of shareholder views

‘The Remuneration Policy has been developed considering market best practice and the expectations of shareholders and proxy
voting agencies. The Committee will consult with shareholders, where considered appropriate, regarding changes to the operation
of the Remuneration Policy, or when the Remuneration Policy is being reviewed and brought to the shareholders for approval.

Additionally, the Committee will consider specific concerns or matrers raised at any time by shareholders on remuneration.

Remuneration at a glance

Executive remuneration framework and Policy summary

Component & maximum
opportunity under the Policy

Outcomes for 2025

Operation in 2026

Base Salary

In considering increases the Committee
assesses the increases applying to the
wider workforce as well as local

market levels.

‘The salary of the Chief Executive and
CFO in role as at 1 January 2025
remained unchanged during 2025.

‘The base salary of the Chief Executive
will increase by 3.5% to £880,000 and
the base salary of the CFO will increase
by 4% to £650,000.

Benefits
The opportunity is set at the cost
of providing the benefits described.

There have been no changes to the
Executive Directors’ benefit provision this
year.

Benefits to operate in line with the
Remuneration Policy and align to those
available to UK colleagues.

Pension

A pension contribution rate in line with
the rate applicable to the majoriry of the
workforce in the appropriate country.

‘The pension contribution rate is currendly
10% of salary up to a notional salary of
£112,500. There have been no changes
this year.

Pension to operate in line with the
Remuneration Policy and align to those
available to UK colleagues.

‘Annual Bonus
The overall maximum annual bonus
opportunicy under the policy is 200%
of salary

Any bonus in excess of 25% of salary will
be subject to 50% deferral into shares for
3 years.

The annual bonus payable co the Chief
Executive was £1,436,500 and £612,000
of this was deferred into shares. The
annual bonus payable to the CFO was
£1,049,000 and £446,375 was deferred
into shares. The Chair of the Board does
not receive variable compensation

The Chief Executive and CFO will
continue to have a maximum bonus
opportunity of 200% of salary.

Restricted Share Plan
The overall maximum annual award level
is 100% of salary.

The annual award made to the Chief
Executive and CFO was 100% of salary.
The Chair of the Board does not receive
variable compensation.

The Chief Executive and CFO will
receive a grant of 100% of salary.



===== page 105 =====
103 _Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Audited information

Total remuneration payable for the year to 31 December 2025

The following table sets out the total remuneration for the Executive Directors and the Non-Executive Directors for the year ended

31 December 2025.

yerenied Sslryand —Twable Tora Fixed Tota Variable
All figures shown in £000 31 December fees Benefits _Penision’ Bonus __RSP_Remuneration Remuneration Total
Raoul Hughes 2025 850.0 9.7 98 1,436.5 869.5 1,436.5 2,306.0
2024 850.0 79 99 1,649.0 867.8 1,649.0 2,516.8
Ruth Prior? 2025 625.0 9.0 98 1,049.0 643.8 1,049.0 1,692.8
2024 208.3 3.3. 416.7 211.6 416.7 628.3
Angeles Garcia-Poveda 2025 109.0 109.0 109.0
2024 109.0 109.0 109.0
Archie Norman 2025 2210 221.0 221.0
2024 2210 221.0 221.0
Dame Carolyn McCall 2025 109.0 109.0 109.0
2024 109.0 109.0 109.0
Cyrus Taraporevala 2025 95.5 95.5 95.5
2024 95.5 95.5 95.5
John Dionne? 2025 410 41.0 41.0
2024
Michelle Scrimgeour? 2025 47.5 47.5 47.5
2024
Tim Score 2025 450.0 450.0 450.0
2024 276.0 276.0 276.0

1, Remuneration for 2024 is shown from 1 September 2024 when Ruth Prior became a Director.

2. Remuneration for 2025 is shown from 1 July 2025 when John Dionne became a Director.

3, Remuneration for 2025 is shown from 1 July 2025 when Michelle Scrimgeour became a Director.

4, Executive Directors receive private medical insurance and der

| insurance for themselves and any partners or eligible children they elect o cover.

5. Executive Directors have elected to receive a cash allowance in lieu of pension, No Executive Director participates in a defined benefit pension arrangement.


===== page 106 =====
104 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Governance

Annual report on remuneration continued

Annual bonus plan

* ee % Weighting Threshold Intermediate Stretch : ‘Outcome as a % of max;
Financial measure Executive CFO (20% vesting) (50% vesting) | (100% vesting) Achievement ~ (Chief Executive/CFO)_
FRE 35% 40% £ 137.0 m £ 152.0 mf 160.0 m £156.4m + 27.5%/31.5%
PRE 15% 15% £ 107.0m£ 1260 mE. 1390m£1516m-. - 15.0%
Cash Conversion 10% 15% 75.0% 85.0%] 95.0% 123.8% 10%/15%
Total financial measures 60% 70% : = 52,5%/61.5%

See tables below for a detailed summary of performance achievement against objectives set by the Committee for che
performance period.

‘% Weighting —_ % Weighting
‘CFO

Strategic and personal objectives Chief Exec Raoul Hughes Ruth Prior
Total strategic and personal objectives 400% 300% 320% 225%
Total bonus outcome 84.5% 84.0%
Total bonus payable (pro-rated where appropriate) £ 1437m£ 1.049m

The Chief Executive and the CFO will defer £612,000 and £446,375 of their bonuses respectively into the Deferred Annual
Bonus Plan. .

The Committee determines the annual bonus for the Chief Executive and the CFO using a balanced scorecard. At the beginning
of 2025, measures that were 60% financial and 40% non-financial, and 70% financial and 30% non-financial, respectively
were selected. .

FRE - The Group generated underlying pro forma management and other income of £427.7 million in 2025, up from £404.0
million in 2024. FRE of £156.4 million in 2025 was marginally ahead of FRE of £155.3 million in 2024.

PRE - The Group delivered pro forma PRE of £151.6 million, 9.5% higher than 2024.
Cash Conversion - The Group generated pro forma operating cash flow representing 123.8% of FRE.


===== page 107 =====
105 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Governance

Non-financial objectives

During 2025, the Group continued to progress its strategy of scaling through diversification, combining delivery of new platforms
with disciplined corporate development. This included the launch of the Private Wealth placform and Bridgepoint Generations,
continued work to develop additional strategies, and the announcement of the Newbury transaction in December 2025, adding a
secondaries capability and further broadening the platform. Alongside this strategic activity, management increased focus on market
engagement initiatives aimed at improving liquidity and broadening investor understanding of the business, including actions that
increased free float during the year, enhanced research coverage and expanded shareholder engagement, while continuing to embed
a strengthened operating model through clearer Group-level decision making and product governance structures.

People, culture and responsible business priorities also remained central throughout 2025. Engagement remained strong across the
Group, with high survey participation and a year-on-year improvement in the firmwide engagement score, supported by increased
leadership visibility, continued investment in learning and development programmes and strengthened people infrastructure.
Diversity and inclusion remained a clear focus, with continued progress in recruitment at junior levels alongside targeted actions to
address engagement, where required. The Group also strengthened its broader ESG and control environment, including an ESG
framework reser, the establishment of an ESSG Working Group and agreement of Group-wide ESG commitments, as well as the
launch of The Bridgepoint Group Foundation. In relation to risk and compliance, cyber security and resilience were materially
enhanced during the year through certification, simulation testing and the introduction of improved reporting and third-party risk
management capabilities.

‘The Committee considered the progress delivered across these non-financial objectives, including strategic development and
diversification, governance and operating model strengthening, and sustained focus on employee engagement, ESG and the control
environment. The Committee assessment of the non-financial score for the Chief Executive and the CFO, with final bonus outcomes
determined as part of the overall balanced scorecard assessment is shown on the previous page.

Incentive awards granted during the year
The following table provides details of the incentive awards granted during the year ended 31 December 2025:

Number of Shares
Director Award Award Date Vesting Date Face Value at Grant Awarded
Raoul Hughes _ Restricted Share Plan 31 March 2025 31 March 2028 £850,000 254,241
Raoul Hughes __Deferred Annual Bonus Plan 31 March 2025 31 March 2028 £718,250 214,834
Ruth Prior Restricted Share Plan 31 March 2025 31 March 2028 £625,000 186,942
Ruth Prior Deferred Annual Bonus Plan 31 March 2025 31 March 2028 £182,292 54,524

‘The Company closely monitored the share price in advance of granting this incentive award and will have discretion at the time of
vesting to adjust the outcomes if itis felt chat management have benefitted from factors outside of their control and that vesting of
the award does not reflect performance achieved over the period. In each case, the number of shares awarded was calculated at the
Volume Weighted Average Price in the three days up to and inchading the date of the awards: £3.343.

‘Awards under the Restricted Share Plan will vest subject to the achievement of suitable financial and non-financial performance
against the performance underpin as detailed in the Directors’ Remuneration Policy, as well as continued employment.


===== page 108 =====
106 _ Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Governance

Annual report on remuneration continued

Payments to former Directors and for loss of office

During 2025 Adam Jones received a salary of £500,000 per annum payable to 16 April 2025, the date he ceased to be an employee
of the Group. He received a cash allowance in lieu of pension of £3,287 for the period from 1 January 2025 to 16 April 2025 and
pay in lieu of annual leave accrued:in 2025 of £18,270. Taxable benefits of £3,810 in respect of medical insurance for the period
from 1 January 2025 to 31 August 2025 were also provided. This is in line with his notice period entitlement as agreed by

the Board.

Adam Jones retained his 2023 RSP award, pro-rated. Based on performance the Committee was satisfied that the underpin had been
achieved and that the award should vest in full. As a result, 86,909 shares will vest on 31 March 2026.

Directors’ interests
The interests of the Directors and their connected persons in the shares in the Company as at 31 December 2025 are set out below,

Shares held outright at

31 December 2025 or Shareholding

date of ceasing cobea Vested shares subject Unvested shares subject requirement Requirement
Director Director to holding period toholding period _(%of salary) met!
Raoul Hughes 6,353,348 2,976,676 3,954,883 300 Yes
Ruth Prior 179,000 - - 300 No
Archie Norman 275,000 - - - -
Angeles Garcia-Poveda 94,286 - - - -
Dame Carolyn McCall 75,714 - - - -
Cynus Taraporevala 200,000 7 - 7 -
John Dionne - - - - -
Michelle Scrimgeour - - - 7 -
Tim Score 75,714 - - - -

1. Based on closing share price on 31 December 2025 of £2.838 per share.

2. Including shares held by connected persons, but excluding shares held by Burgundy Investments Holdings LP.

3. Ruth Prior has a holding of points in Burgundy Investment Holdings LP, which indirectly gives her an incerest in Bridgepoint Group ple shares held by it. At 31 December 2025,
this indirect interest is equivalent to a direct holding of 1,516,688 shares.

Since 31 December 2025, Michelle Scrimgeour has purchased 21,616 shares in Bridgepoint Group ple. There have been no other

changes in the current Directors’ interests in shares, or those of their connected persons, between 31 December 2025 and 25 March
2026, the latest practicable date before publication of this Annual Report.

During employment, Executive Directors are required to build up and retain a shareholding equivalent to 300% of their base salary.
‘The requirement has been mer by the Chief Executive. The combined direct and indirect holdings of the CFO exceed 300% of base
salary. Further information on the requirement to build up and maintain a minimum shareholding requirement can be found within
the Directors’ Remuneration Policy at www.bridgepointgroup.com.


===== page 109 =====
107 _ Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Performance graph and table

Bridgepoint Group ple shares began unconditional trading on the London Stock Exchange’s main market on 26 July 2021. The
chart below shows the Total Shareholder Return performance of £100 invested in the Group from 26 July 2021 to 31 December
2025 against the FTSE 250 index. The FTSE 250 index is considered an appropriate comparison as Bridgepoint is a constituent of

the index.

120
100 ———

80

60

40

20 26 July 2021 31 December 202131 December 2022-31 December2023. 31 December 2024 31 December 2025

— Bridgepoint — FTSE 250
2022° 2023" 2023°7 2024+ [2025]

Lead Executive single figure total remuneration (£000s) 876.6 818.5 216.7 2,516.8% 2,306.04]
Bonus as a % of maximum opportunity N/A N/A N/A 97% 85%
Long-term incentive vesting (as % of maximum opportunity) N/A N/A N/A N/A NAI

Figures reflect remuneration to 31 December 2025.
“William Jackson "Raoul Hughes

“£718,250 was deferred. “* £612,000 was deferred.

Percentage change in remuneration of Directors

‘The table below shows the percentage change in each Director's salary/fees, taxable benefits and annual bonus for each year between
2022 and 2025, compared with the average percentage change in each of those components of pay for the employees of the Group

as a whole.
(20742005 —SsSC~«* 2023/2024 2022/2023

Salaries/fees Taxable Short-Term] Salaries/fees Taxable Short-Term  Salaries/fees Taxable Short-Term
‘% Change received Benefits Incentives| received Benefits Incentives received Benefits Incentives
Raoul Hughes ~% 22.8% (12.9)% N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
Ruth Prior 200.0 % N/A_151.7% N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
Archie Norman -% N/A N/A -% N/A N/A 105% N/A N/A
Angeles Garcia-Poveda -% N/A N/AI 06% N/A N/A 14.1% N/A N/A __
Dame Carolyn McCall -% NIA N/A 16% N/A N/A 43.1% N/A N/A
Cyrus Taraporevala -% N/A N/Al 73% N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
John Dionne N/A NIA N/A\ N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
Michelle Scrimgeour N/A N/A N/A\ N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
Tim Score 63.0% N/A . N/AL 170.6 % N/A N/A 74% N/A N/A
Alll employees 4.7% 185% 133% 56% 364% 160% 46% 163% 15%

The year-on-year variations in salary / fees reflect various movements in roles and partial years in role in addition to underlying fee
rate changes. Further details on fees paid to Non-Executive Directors can be found on page 111. The increase in remuneration for
Ruth Prior in 2025 is relative to her 2024 remuneration for the period following her appointment as a Director on 1 September
2024. Significant increases in taxable benefits are primarily due to increases in premiums for medical insurance, whilst movements
in short-term incentives are reflective of performance changes and the partial prior comparative year data for Ruth Prior.


===== page 110 =====
108 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Governance

Annual report on remuneration continued

Chief Executive pay ratio

UK regulations require companies with more than 250 UK employees to publish the ratio of pay of the Chief Executive versus that
of the Group’s UK employees. In the calculation, we have used Option A because this is the most statistically accurate approach.

Financial year Method Lower Quartile Median Upper Quartile
2025 A 22:1 12:1 6:1

‘The pay for the Chief Executive.and the employees at the requisite percentiles are set out below:

Figures shown in £0005 Chief Executive Lower Quartile Median Upper Quartile
Base salary 850.0 72.3 103.3 172.8
Total pay 2,306.0 102.9 186.7 379.2

‘The employee pay figures were calculated by reference to the year to 31 December 2025, which is consistent with the period used
for the single total figure of remuneration (SFTR) for the Directors, The total pay and taxable benefits were determined for all UK
permanent and fixed term employees as at 31 December 2025. No components have been omitted in calculating total pay and
taxable benefits on an SFTR basis. Necessary adjustments were made in determining full time pay and benefits so that salaries, cash
bonuses, share awards, taxable benefits and pensions were annualised for employees who have not been with the Company for the
full financial year or grossed up on a full-time equivalent basis for employees who work on a part time basis.

The Committee is comfortable that the pay ratio shown above is consistent with our pay, reward and progression policies for the
Company's UK employees as a whole.
Relative importance of the spend on pay

‘The table below shows the Company’s expenditure on employee pay compared to distributions to shareholders in the years ended
31 December 2024 and 2025.

2025 2024

fm £m % Change
Distributions to shareholders 105.3 90.0 17.0%
Aggregate personnel expenses 203.4| 156.0 30.4%

Distributions to shareholders includes £4.1 million of share buybacks in 2025, compared to £9.8 million in 2024. Aggregate
personnel expenses in 2025 excludes £82.1 million of exceptional and adjusted items primarily related to the ECP acquisition.


===== page 111 =====
109 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Governance

Implementation of policy in 2026

Executive Director remuneration

Base salary
Base salary levels will be as follows:

~ Chief Executive: £880,000
- Chief Financial Officer: £650,000

Pension and benefits

Executive Directors are eligible to participate in benefits in line with all other UK employees. They will receive a cash allowance in
lieu of employer pension contributions calculated based on a contribution of 10% of salary (up to a salary cap of £112,500), in line
with the rate applying to the rest of the UK employees. Other benefits include private medical and dental insurance, life assurance
and income protection insurance. Raoul Hughes is also insured under the group death in service pension policy, a legacy benefit also
provided to other employees of similar tenure.

Annual bonus plan .

No changes are planned to the annual bonus plan for 2026. The maximum bonus opportunity will be 200% of salary. 50% of any
earned bonus in excess of 25% of salary will be deferred into shares under the Deferred Annual Bonus Plan. Deferred bonus shares
will vest after three years subject to continued employment.

Performance will be based on a mix of financial and non-financial metrics weighted at 60% and 40% respectively for the Chief
Executive and 70% and 30% respectively for the CFO. The metrics take account of the key business priorities focusing on FRE, PRE
and a cash measure. Part of the variable pay will be based on strategic, operational and people metrics

‘The Remuneration Committee has the discretion to adjust the formulaic annual bonus outcome, or waive specific metrics and replace
them in determining the annual outcome if it believes that pursuing such metrics would not be in the best interests of the business
based on the prevailing circumstances during the year.

Restricted share awards

A resuicted share award will be made to the Chief Executive and CFO following the announcement of the annual results. The award
will be valued at 100% of salary and will vest after three years subject to continued employment and the underpin contained in the
Remuneration Policy.

Malus and clawback

In line with the Corporate Governance Code and FCA regulatory requirements applicable to variable remuneration, both the Annual
Bonus and RSP are subject to malus and clawback. The Remuneration Committee may apply malus and/or clawback in line with
these requirements or in line with the provisions that apply in the Remuneration Policy, available on our corporate website
bridgepointgroup.com.


===== page 112 =====
TIO _Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Governance

Implementation of policy in 2026 continued

Scenario Chart

The chart below provides an illustration of the level of total annual remuneration that would be received by each Executive Director
under the operation of the Remuneration Policy at: i) minimum performance, ii) target performance, and ii) maximum performance,
in the latter two cases assuming that the vesting periods for the deferred awards are met. The three performance scenarios assume
the following:

1. Minimum - only fixed pay is awarded as the RSP underpin reduces the RSP award to zero and no annual bonus is payable.
2. Target - fixed pay, plus 100% of the RSP and 50% of the maximum annual bonus.
3, Maximum - fixed pay, plus 100% of the RSP and the maximum annual bonus.

Fixed pay includes an illustrative benefits amount of £10,000 for each Executive Director. The maximum scenario includes an
additional element to represent 50% share price growth on the RSP award from the date of grant to vesting.

£3,979,783

£4,000,000
£440,000

£3,500,000

£880,000

£2,944,783

£3,000,000
£2,659,783
£2,500,000
Fixed pay
£2,000,000 £1,969,783 BE Annual Bonus
£650,01
$50,000 HE 50% share price
growth on LTIP

£1,500,000

£650,000

£1,000,000
£899,783 £669,783

£500,000 ES 669,783 Mm £669,783 MM £669,7

Minimum Minimum

Target Target

Chief Executive Group CFO


===== page 113 =====
m Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Governance
Non-Executive Director remuneration

A summary of the Non-Executive Directors’ fees is shown below:

Non-Executive Director 2025 Fee| 2024 Fee
Chair fee £450,000, £450,000
Senior Independent Director’s fee £125,000, £125,000
Non-Executive Director base fee £75,000] £75,000
Audit and Risk Committee Chair’s fee: £20,000] £20,000
ESSG Committee Chair's fee __ £20;000} £20,000
Remuneration Committee Chair's fee £20,000) £20,000
Committee membership fee £7,000 £7,000

Directors’ service contracts and letters of appointment

Date of current letter of

Non-Executive Directors Dite of appointment appointment Notice from the Company. Notice from the individual
‘Angeles Garcia-Poveda 25 June 2021 15 May 2024 3 months 3 months
Archie Norman 25 June 2021 15 May 2024 3 months 3 months
Dame Carolyn McCall 12 July 2021 15 May 2024 3 months 3 months
Cyrus Taraporevala___1 January 2023 15 May 2025 3 months 3 months
John Dionne 1 July 2025 14 April 2025 3 months 3 months
Michelle Scrimgeour __1 July 2025 14 April 2025 3 months 3 months
Tim Score 25 June 2021 6 June 2024 6 months 6 months



===== page 114 =====
112___ Bridgepoint Group ~ 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Governance

Governance of remuneration

Roles and responsibility

The role of the Remuneration Committee is to determine and establish a remuneration policy for the Executive Directors, and
members of the Group Management Committee and Group Operating Committee, and to oversee the remuneration packages for
those individuals (including all material risk takers). When determining remuneration arrangements, the Committee must review
remuneration across the whole Group and the alignment of incentives and rewards with culture and take these factors into account
when determining remuneration of the Executive Directors, and members of the Group Management Committee and Group
Operating Committee. Further details on the roles and responsibilities of the Committee are disclosed in the Terms of Reference
which can be found on the Company's corporate website at bridgepointgroup.com.

The Remuneration Committee is responsible for:

= determining and developing the remuneration policy which applies to the Chairman of the Board, other Executive Directors,
members of senior management, and any other employee of the Group who the Committee is required by regulations to oversee;

- determining the individual remuneration packages of the Directors and relevant senior employees within the terms of the agreed
Remuneration Policy; :

= monitoring the remuneration structures and overall levels of remuneration of the Group's senior management, and making
recommendations to the Board where appropriate;

- overseeing the remuneration of the wider employee group; and

~ overseeing the operation of the Group's employee share schemes. :

Remuneration Committee members and meetings

During 2025 the Committee comprised the three independent Non-Executive Directors listed below. The Remuneration
Committee Chair, Angeles Garcia-Poveda, has ten years’ experience chairing other remuneration committees. The Committee will
meet at least three times a year.

Committee Chair Angeles Garcia-Poveda

Committee member Archie Norman

Committee member Cynis Taraporevala



===== page 115 =====
113 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Governance

Key activities during the year
During the year, the Committee has carried out the following activities:

= set the KPIs for the Executive Directors;

~ determined Executive Director awards and reviewed awards payable to all material risk takers and control staff;

~ reviewed annual bonus metrics to ensure they appropriately align with business strategy and promote the correct behaviours;

~ received and debated briefings on the operation of remuneration arrangements throughout the Group;

~ reviewed the Remuneration Policy, engaging with shareholders and leading proxy voting organisations on the Remuneration
Policy that was ultimately adopted at he 2025 AGM; and

~ planned the cycle of work for 2026.

In addition, the members of the Committee held a number of meetings with key employees and visited a number of Group offices.
‘The Remuneration Policy has been designed to encourage long-term, sustainable growth and provide Executive Directors with
competitive overall remuneration for the achievement of stretch performance targets aligned to delivering the business strategy. It
operated as intended in 2025. As part of the development of the Remuneration Policy, the Committee considered wider market best
practice as well as the views of our major shareholders and wider stakeholders.

Effectiveness

‘The operations of the Committee were reviewed as part of a Board performance review led by Tim Score, and the Committee was
found to be operating effectively. For more details of this exercise, please see page 86.

External advisers

‘The Remuneration Committee receives independent advice from Korn Ferry, Executive Pay & Governance division, which was
appointed pre-IPO in 2021 following a tender process. Korn Ferry was selected on the basis of its expertise in the area and with a
view to ensuring independence from other advisers in the Group. Korn Ferry is a signatory to the Remuneration Consultants’ Code
of Conduct and has confirmed to the Committee that it adheres in all respects to the terms of the code. The Committee is satisfied
thar its remuneration advisers act independently. Fees for the advice provided during 2025 were £37,286

Directors’ Remuneration Report and Remuneration Policy Approval
‘The Directors’ Remuneration Report and Remuneration Policy were approved at the 2025 AGM on Thursday, 15 May 2025

Total votes cast

(excluding Votes
Resolution Votes for % Votes against % withheld votes) _withheld
Directors’ Remuneration Report for 2024 (2025 AGM) 690,086,472 98.26% 12,243,235 1.74 % 702,329,707 72,611
Directors’ Remuneration Policy (2025 AGM) 698,577,524 99.46% 3,815,878 0.54 % 702,393,402 8,916



===== page 116 =====
114 __Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Governance

Directors’ report and additional disclosures

The Directors present their report for the year ended 31 December 2025.

‘The Directors’ report comprises this report and the entire Governance section. In accordance with the UK Listing Rules, the
information to be included in the 2025 Annual Report, where applicable, under UKLR 6.6 is set out in this Directors’ report.
Particular information that is relevant to this report, and which is incorporated by reference, can be located as follows:

Information Section in Annual Report Page numbers
Likely fucure developments of the business of the Group Strategic Report 16-18
Stakeholder engagement (including employee engagement) Strategic Report 35-41
Dividends Strategic Repore 9

Carbon and greenhouse gas emissions Strategic Report 72-79
Risk management Strategic Report 65-71
Board of Directors Governance 81-85
Corporate governance report ” Governance 87-90
Financial instruments - risk management objectives and policies Financial Statements 181-186
Acquisitions of own shares Financial Statements 189
Events after the reporting period Financial Statements 205
Diversity policy Our People 30-34
Diversity policy (further information) Nomination Committee report 1

Risk management and internal controls Audit and Risk Committee report. _92- 98

‘The Directors’ report, together with the Scrategic Report on pages 1 to 80, represent the management report for the purposes of
compliance with Rule 4.1 of the FCA’s Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules.

Directors’ liability insurance and indemnity

‘The Company has purchased and maintains Directors’ and Officers’ insurance cover against certain legal liabilities and costs for
claims in connection with any act or omission by such Directors and officers in the execution of their duties.

‘The Company has also indemnified each Director to the extent permitted by law against any liability incurred in relation to acts or
omissions arising in the ordinary course of their duties. The indemnity arrangements are qualifying third-party indemnity provisions
under section 234 of the Companies Act 2006. All such indemnities were in force during 2025, other than that for John Dionne and
Michelle Scrimgeour, which took effect upon their appointment.

Political donations

Ie is not the policy of the Company to make political donations as contemplated by the Companies Act 2006 and, during 2025,
no donations were made to political parties or organisations, or independent election candidates, and no political expenditure
was incurred.

‘The Group treats applicants and employees with disabilities fairly and provides facilities, equipment and training to assist disabled
employees todo their jobs. Arrangements are made as necessary to provide support to job applicants who happen to be disabled.
Should an employee become disabled during their employment, efforts are made to retain them in their current employment or
to explore the opportunities for their retraining or redeployment within the Group.

Financial support is also provided by the Group to support disabled employees who are unable to work, as appropriate
to local market conditions.

‘The Group has clear grievance and disciplinary procedures in place, and also has an employee assistance programme which provides
a confidential, free and independent counselling service which is available to employees in a number of locations.


===== page 117 =====
TI5 _Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Governance
Numerical diversity data as at 31 December 2025
Gender identity and ethnicity diversity data in accordance with UKLR 6.6.6(10) is set out below:
Number of senior positions Numberin Percentage of
Number of Percentage of on the Board (CEO, CFO, ‘executive executive
Gender identity Board members the Board ‘SIDand Chair) management management
Men 5 55.6% 3 15 75.0%
Women 4 44.4% 1 5 250%
Not specified/prefer not to say - - - - -
Number of senior positions Number in Percentage of
Numberof Percentage of on the Board (CEO, CFO, executive ‘executive
Ethnic background Board members the Board SIDand Chair) management _management
White British or other White (including minority-
white groups) 8 88.9% 4 18 90.0 %
Mixed/Multiple ethnic groups - -% - 7 -%
Asian/Asian British 1 11.1% ie} 1 5.0%
Black/African/Caribbean/Black British - -% - - -%
Other ethnic group - -% - - -%
Not specified/prefer not to say - -% - 1 5.0%

The data in the table above was obtained on a voluntary self
reported basis. Participants were invited to complete either a
survey through a secure electronic portal or a questionnaire,
allowing them to confirm their sex and gender identity, and
ethnic background.

The Parker Review target and the target set by UKLR
6.6.6(9)(a)(ii) was mec. As at 31 December 2025 there were four
women on the Board out of nine directors, including the Chief
Financial Officer, which also met the cargets set by UKLR
6.6.6(9)(a)() and UKLR 6.6.6(9)(a)ii).

Share capital

As at 25 March 2026, the issued share capital was 876,671,814
ordinary shares of £0.00005 each, 500 deferred shares of £81
each, | deferred share of £1, and 1 deferred share of £0.01.

Significant shareholdings

As at 31 December 2025, the Company had been notified
pursuant to DTR 5 or otherwise was aware at the time of the
TPO of the following interests representing 3% or more of the
voting rights of the Company's ordinary shares:

Percentage of

Number of total voting
Shareholder ordinary shares rights
Burgundy Investments Holdings LP 81,055,028 9.54. %
Blue Owl Capital Inc.” 73,673,286 8.67%
T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. 45,130,992 5.31%
The Capital Group Companies, Inc. 41,885,306 4.93. %

‘excludes shares held by Blue Owl GP Stakes II] Aspen Trust and Blue Ow! GP
Stakes TV Aspen Trust, where Blue Owl Capital Inc. has no right ro vote the shares.

Between 31 December 2025 and 25 March 2026, being the
latest practicable date before the publication of this Annual
Report, the Company received no further notifications
under DTR 5.

Rights and restrictions attaching to
ordinary shares

Holders of ordinary shares are entitled to attend, speak and vote
at general meetings and to appoint proxies and, in the case

of corporations, corporate representatives are entitled to attend,
speak and vore at such meetings on their behalf.

To attend and vote at a general meeting a shareholder must be
entered on the register of members at such time (not being
earlier than 48 hours before the meeting) as stated in the notice
of general meeting. All resolutions at a general meeting are voted
on by poll, with holders of ordinary shares having one vote for
each share held.

Where a shareholder has been duly served notice under section
793 of the Companies Act 2006 (which confers upon public
companies the right to require information with respect to
interests in their voting shares) and the shareholder is in default
of the notice for a period of 14 days, unless the Directors
determine otherwise the shareholder (and any transferee) will
not be entitled to attend or vote at a general meeting. Where the
relevant shares represent 0.25% or more of the issued ordinary
shares, the Directors may direct that no transfer of shares that
are the subject of the default be registered until the default is
remedied, provided that where the shares are in uncertificated
form, the Directors may only exercise their discretion nor to
register a transfer if permitted to do so by applicable legislation.


===== page 118 =====
116

Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Directors’ report and additional disclosures continued

Ordinary shares have attached to them full dividend and capital
distribution (including on winding up) righis, but do not confer
any rights of redemption.

Holders of deferred shares shall not be entitled to vote or receive
any notice convening a general meeting of the Company, and
shall not be entitled to receive any dividends or other
distributions or to participate in any return of capital (other than
to receive the nominal value of such shares in a liquidation after
all other shares have received £1 million per share). They do not
confer any rights of redemption.

All issued share capital of the Company at the date of this
‘Annual Report is fully paid.

‘The Articles of the Company do not contain any restrictions
on the transfer of shares in the capital of the Company, other
than an ability of the Directors to refuse to register a transfer:

- of shares that are not fully paid;

~ in respect of more than one class of shares;

- which is not accompanied by the relevant share certificate (or,
where requested, other evidence of right to transfer is not
provided);

~ which is not duly stamped in circumstances where a duly
stamped instrument is required (or where requested, evidence
that the transfer is not subject to stamp duty is not provided);

~ of shares over which the Company has lien; or

~ in favour of more than four persons jointly.

Certain restrictions may from time to time be imposed by laws
and regulations (for example, insider trading laws and the UK
Takeover Code) and requirements of the Company's share
dealing code whereby the Directors and employees of the Group
require prior clearance to deal in the Company’s securities.

In the event the Company is deemed to be an investment
company as defined in the Investment Company Act or the
Company's assets may be considered “plan assets” within the
meaning of the US Employee Retirement Income Security Act
of 1974 (as amended), the Directors may restrict ownership in
the Company by: (i) “U.S. persons” (as defined in Regulation S
‘under the U.S. Securities Act) that are not a “qualified
purchaser” (as defined under the Investment Company Act); or
Gi) a person that is a benefit plan investor (including directly or
through or as a nominee). In such circumstances, the Articles
give the Directors the power to require a transfer of shares by
ineligible persons.

Pursuant to a reorganisation agreement entered into by, among
others, Burgundy A1 Nominees Limited, Burgundy A2
Nominees Limited, Burgundy A3 Nominees Limited, Burgundy
A4 Nominees Limited, Burgundy AS Nominees Limited,
Burgundy B1 Nominees Limited, Burgundy B2 Nominees
Limited, Burgundy C Nominees Limited (the foregoing being the
“Nominee Companies”), the Company and various pre-IPO
shareholders (being current or former employees of the Group
or certain related persons) (the “Management Shareholders”), the
Nominee Companies hold shares in the Company on behalf of
the Management Shareholders. Pursuant to the terms of the
agreement, the Management Shareholders are subject to
testrictions on their ability to dispose of their underlying shares
for a period of up to five years from the IPO.

As at 31 December 2025, below is the schedule for the
remaining releases of shares from the IPO lock-up restrictions:

Date

July 2026

Shares released from lock-up

167,331,662

Pursuant to the Company's Long-Term Incentive Plan and the
relevant terms of grant, Company shares granted to Executive
Directors on vesting of existing awards are subject to a holding
period of two years.

Certain shares in the capital of the Company which were issued
around closing of the ECP transaction or which will be issued: (i)
following vesting of awards that have been granted to ECP
employees; or (i) following exercise of rights to exchange limited
partnership units for Company shares, are subject to various
lock-up provisions, che longest of which extends to 20 August
2029, being the fifth anniversary of closing of the transaction.
Further details are set out in the circular in respect of the ECP
transaction dated 2 October 2023.

Save as described above and within this Directors’ report, the
Company is not aware of any agreements between holders of its
securities that may restrict the transfer of shares or exercise of
voting rights.

Authority to purchase own shares

‘Ac the annual general meeting held on 15 May 2025,
shareholders passed a special resolution to authorise the
Company, subject to certain conditions, to purchase on the
market a maximum of 82,393,098 ordinary shares, representing
approximately 10% of the Company’s issued ordinary share
capital. As at 25 March 2026, 3,629,128 shares have been
purchased under this authority, and the authority will expire at
the conclusion of the 2026 AGM or, if earlier, at the close of
business on 31 July 2026. The Directors are seeking the renewal
of this authority at the 2026 AGM.


===== page 119 =====
17

Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Employee benefit trust

The Company has established an employee benefit crust (“EBT”)
to hold and acquire shares for the potential benefit of employees.
Pursuant to the terms of the EBT, the trustee is required to
refrain from exercising any voting rights attached to shares held
by it, unless the Company directs otherwise.

Dividend waiver

A dividend waiver has been given by the trustee of the EBT
in respect of all dividends payable by the Company on shares
which it holds in trust.

Powers of Directors and Director
appointments

‘The Directors manage the business and affairs of the Company
and may exercise all powers of the Company other than those
that are required by applicable legislation or by the Articles to be
exercised by the Company in general meeting,

‘The appointment and replacement of Directors is governed by
the Company's Articles, the Companies Act 2006 and other
applicable legislation. The Directors may appoint any person to
be a Director so long as the total number of Directors does not
exceed the limit prescribed in the Articles (the maximum
number of Directors under the Articles is 20, save that the
Company may vary this maximum from time to time by
ordinary resolution).

The Articles provide that the Company may, by ordinary
resolution at a general meeting, appoint any person to act as
a Director, provided that such person is recommended by the
Directors, or the Company has received from the person
confirmation in writing, no later than seven days before the
relevant general meeting, of that person’s willingness to be
elected as a Director.

‘The Company may, by ordinary resolution (of which special

notice has been given), remove any Director from office. The
Articles also set out the circumstances in which a person shall
cease to be a Director.

The Articles require that at each annual general meeting each
person who is then a Director shall retire from office. A Director
who retires at an annual general meeting shall be eligible for re-
election by shareholders.

The Board considers all Directors to be effective and commited
to their roles, and to have sufficient time to perform their duties.
All Directors are required to seek the prior approval of the Board
before taking on any significant external appointments.

Articles

The Articles may only be amended by special resolution ata
general meeting of shareholders.

Change of control

‘There are no significant agreements to which the Group is a
party that take effect, alter or terminate upon a change of control
of the Group, other than the following:

= the governing documents of various funds (including the
flagship Bridgepoint Europe and ECP funds) include change
of control provisions typically triggered by either a person (or
group of affiliated persons) acquiring more than 50% of voting
rights in the Group, or personnel/former personnel (and their
related parties) ceasing to hold a certain percentage of the
entitlement to carried interest in the relevant fund, in each
case as applicable to the relevant find. In such circumstances,
the governing documents allow for cure periods and/or
consultation processes, but in the absence of resolution the
relevant fund may have its investment period suspended or
the fund may be dissolved;

the revolving facilities agreement and note purchase
agreement entered into by the Group each include change of
control provisions whereby on a change of control each lender
or noteholder as relevant shall be entitled to issue a
prepayment notice requiring the Group to prepay amounts
payable to them under such agreements, and where relevant
cancelling any undrawn commitments provided by such
lender;

awards under the Group’s Deferred Annual Bonus Plan
generally vest in full (to the extent not already vested) on a
change of control of the Company; and

awards under the Group’s Long-Term Incentive Plan and All
Employee Share Plan generally vest upon a change of control,
subject to the extent to which the performance conditions
have been satisfied at the time and time pro-rating unless and
to the extent thar the Remuneration Committee disapplies or
reduces time pro-rating

There are no agreements between the Group and its Directors or
employees providing for compensation for loss of office or
employment that occurs because of a takeover bid, apart from
the usual provisions for payment in lieu of notice.

By order of the Board

Liwiklir,

David Plant
Group Company Secretary

Bridgepoint Group ple
Company number: 11443992


===== page 120 =====
118

Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Governance

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities

The Directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report
and the financial statements in accordance with applicable law
and regulations.

Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial
statements for each financial year. Under that law, the Directors
have prepared the Group and Company financial statements

in accordance with international accounting standards in
conformity with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Additionally, the FCA’s Disclosure Guidance and Transparency
Rules require the Directors to prepare the Group financial
statements in accordance with international financial reporting
standards adopted in the United Kingdom.

Under company law, the Directors must not approve the
financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a crue
and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group and Company
and of the profit or loss of the Group and Company for that
period. In preparing the financial statements, the Directors are
required to:

select suitable accounting policies and then apply them
consistently;

make judgements and accounting estimates that are
reasonable, relevant, reliable and prudent;

for the Group financial statements, state whether they have
been prepared in accordance with international accounting
standards in conformity with the requirements of the
Companies Act 2006 and International Financial Reporting
Standards as adopted in the United Kingdom;

for the Company financial statements, stare whether
applicable UK accounting standards have been followed,
subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in
the Company financial statements;

assess the Group and Company's ability to continue as a going
concem, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
concern; and

- use the going concem basis of accounting unless they either
intend to liquidate the Group or the Company or to cease
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting
records that are sufficient to show and explain the Company's
transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time
the financial position of the Company and enable them to
ensure that the financial statements comply with the
Companies Act 2006.

The Directors are also responsible for safeguarding the assets of
the Company and for taking reasonable steps for the prevention
and detection of fraud and other irregularities.

‘The Directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity
of the Company's website. Legislation in the United Kingdom
governing the preparation and dissemination of financial
statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.

The Directors consider that the Annual Report, taken asa
whole, is fair, balanced and understandable and provides the
information necessary for shareholders to assess the Group
and the Company's position and performance, business model
and strategy.

Each of the Directors, whose names and functions are listed on
pages 81 ro 85, confirm thar, to the best of their knowledge:

~ the financial statements, prepared in accordance with the
applicable set of accounting standards, give a true and fair
view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit or
loss of the Company and the undertakings included in the
consolidated Group taken as a whole; and

the Strategic Report includes a fair review of the development
and performance of the business and the position of the
Company and the undertakings included in the consolidated
Group taken as a whole, together with a description of the
principal risks and uncertainties that they face.

In accordance with Section 418 of the Companies Act 2006, the
Directors confirm that, so far as they are each aware, there is no
relevant audit information of which the Company's auditor is
unaware; and the Directors have taken all steps chat they ought
to have taken as a Director in order to make themselves aware of
any relevant audit information and to establish that the
Company’s auditor is aware of that information.

The Board has conducted a review of the effectiveness of the
Group's systems of risk management and internal controls
including financial, operational and compliance controls, for the
year ended 31 December 2025.

In the opinion of the Board, the Company has complied with the
internal control requirements of the Corporate Governance
Code throughout the year, maintaining an ongoing process for
identifying, evaluating and minimising risk.

By order of the Board

on fe

Ruth Prior
Group Chief Financial Officer



===== page 121 =====
119

Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial Statements

Independent auditor's report to the members of

Bridgepoint Group plc

Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of Bridgepoint Group
ple (the ‘Parent Company’) and its subsidiaries (together the
‘Group’) for the year ended 31 December 2025 which comprise
the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss, the Consolidated
Statement of Comprehensive Income, the Consolidated and
Company Statement of Financial Position, the Consolidated and
Company Statement of Changes in Equity, the Consolidated
and Company Statement of Cash Flows, and notes to the
financial statements, including material accounting policy
information,

‘The financial reporting framework that has been applied in their
preparation is applicable law and UK-adopted international
accounting standards and, as regards the Parent Company
financial statements, as applied in accordance with the
provisions of the Companies Act 2006.

In our opinion, the financial statements:

- give a crue and fair view of the state of the Group's and of the
Parent Company’s affairs as at 31 December 2025 and of the
Group's profit for the year then ended;

~ have been properly prepared in accordance with UK-adopted
international accounting standards and as regards the Parent
Company financial statements, as applied in accordance with
the provisions of the Companies Act 2006; and

~ have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of
the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International
Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and applicable law. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in
the “Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial
statements” section of our report. We are independent of the
Group and the Parent Company in accordance with the ethical
requirements that are relevant fo our audit of the financial
statements in the UK, including the FRC’s Ethical Standard as
applied to listed entities and public interest entities and we have
fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with
these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
opinion.

Conclusions relating to going concern

In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the
Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the
preparation of the financial statements is appropriate.

Our audit procedures to evaluate the Directors’ assessment of
the Group's and the Parent Company's ability to continue to
adopt the going concern basis of accounting included but were
not limited to:

= undertaking an initial assessment at the planning stage of the

audit to identify events or conditions that may cast significant

doubt on the Group's and the Parent Company's ability to

continue as a going concern;

obtaining an understanding of the relevant controls relating to

the Directors’ going concern assessment;

making enquiries of the Directors to understand the period of

assessment considered by them, the assumptions they

considered and the implication of those when assessing the

Group's and the Parent Company’s future financial

performance;

identifying and testing key assumptions within the going

concern assessment;

testing the mechanical and arithmetical accuracy of the model

used to prepare the Group’s cash flow forecasts;

considering the consistency of Management's forecasts with

other areas of the audit;

obtaining an understanding of the financing facilities available

to the Group and reviewing the compliance with related

covenants;

assessing the sensitivity of the forecasts and conclusions to key

assumptions including critically reviewing stressed scenarios;

~ assessing the appropriateness of risk factors disclosed in the
Group's going concern statement by comparison to the
understanding gained in our audit procedures; and

~ reviewing the disclosures included in the annual report in
order co assess whether the disclosures are appropriate and in
conformiry with the reporting standards.

Based on the work we have performed, we have not identified
any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that,
individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the
Group's and the Parent Company’s ability to continue as a going
concern for a period of at least twelve months from when the
financial statements are authorised for issue.

Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the Directors with
respect to going concern are described in the relevant sections of
this report.

In relation to Bridgepoint Group ple’s reporting on how it has
applied the UK Corporate Governance Code, we have nothing
material to add or draw attention to in relation to the Directors’
statement in the financial statements about whether the
Directors considered it appropriate to adopt the going concern
basis of accounting.


===== page 122 =====
120

Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements.

Independent auditor’s report to the members of
Bridgepoint Group plc continued

Key audit matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial
statements of the current period and include the most significant assessed risks of material misstatement (whether or not due to
fraud) we identified, including those which had the greatest effect on: the overall audit strategy; the allocation of resources in the
audit; and directing the efforts of the engagement team. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial

statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

‘We summarise below the key audit matters in forming our opinion above, together with an overview of the principal audit
procedures performed to address each matter and our key observations arising from those procedures.

‘These matters, together with our findings, were communicated to those charged with governance through our Audit Completion

Report.
Key Audit Matter

How our scope addressed this matter

Recognition of revenue arising from management fees
In the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss, management
fees total £416.0 million (2024: £329.2 million).

Refer co the accounting policies (page 138); and Note 6 of the
Financial Statements (page 152 and 153).

The Group is entitled to management fees arising from its
performance of investment management services to private
equity, credit and infrastructure funds. Management fees are
based on an agreed percentage of either committed or invested
capital, depending on the fund and its life stage.

Auditing standards presume there is a risk of fraud associated to
revenue recognition. We have assigned the fraud risk to
‘management fees arising during the fundraising stage due to the
incentive to recognise fees from new commitments earlier.
When commitments are not legally binding, there is a risk chat
management fees are recognised earlier than allowed by IFRS.
15.

For funds in the post-fundraising stage, the manual nature of
the fee calculation process presents a risk of error and therefore
we have assessed there is an enhanced risk of material
misstatement for these funds

Our audit procedures included, but were not limited to:

= performing walkthroughs to develop an understanding of the
procedures associated with revenue recognition and
evaluating the design and implementation of the relevant
controls in place;

~ for funds in the fundraising stage, confirming that new
investor commitménts are incorporated into the calculation
of management fees in the appropriate period, and

~ for a sample of funds, verifying the accurate application of
the relevant contractual agreements in the management fee
calculation, including verifying the inputs against supporting
evidence.

Our observations
Our audit procedures did not identify any material matters
regarding the calculation and recognition of management fees.



===== page 123 =====
121 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial Statements

Key Audit Matter

How our scope addressed this matter

Valuation of private equity, credit and infrastructure funds
In the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position, the fair
value of level 3 fund investments, excluding unconsolidated
CLOs, is $818.8 million, (2024: £738.0 million)

Refer to the accounting policies (page 143) and Notes 3, 17 and
20 of the Financial Statements (pages 148 -149, 166-167 and
pages 175-180).

The Group holds investments in private equity, credit and
infrastructure funds. These are measured at fair value based on
the net asset value determined by Bridgepoint, acting as the
manager of the underlying funds.

‘The valuation techniques used to determine the fair value of
investments held by the funds involve a higher degree of
estimation uncertainty, including the impact of climate change.

Therefore, there is a risk of error in the determination of the fair

value of these investments chat could lead to a misstatement in
the fair value of the investments in those funds.

Our audit procedures included, but were not limited to:

— performing walkthroughs to develop an understanding of the

procedures and controls associated with valuation of

investments and evaluating the design and implementation of

the relevant controls in place. This included enquiry of

Management regarding the valuation governance structure

and their oversight of the valuation process, including

evidencing the oversight from the Audit and Risk Committee

and the relevant Valuation Committees.

for a sample of investments in funds, verifying the

commitments disclosed in the relevant capital statements to

legal supports and recalculating the value of the investments

by applying the total commitments to the net asset value

reported in the funds’ audited financial statements or other

financial information; and

for a sample of underlying portfolio investments held by the

funds (look-through procedures), with the assistance of our

valuation specialists:

~ evaluating the appropriateness of the valuation
methodology used and obtaining an understanding of the
key assumptions, including the impact of climate change;

~ agreeing key inputs into the valuation models to source
data; and

— assessing the mathematical accuracy of the valuation models.

Our observations

For the valuations subject to our look-through procedures, we
concluded that the methodology applied and the underlying
assumptions adopted are consistent with IPEV guidelines, align
with generally accepted valuation practices, and comply with
the fair value principles outlined in IFRS 13 “Fair Value
Measurement”.

Based on the work performed, we conchided thar rhe valuation
of the private equity, credit and infrastructure funds are not
materially misstated.



===== page 124 =====
122

Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial Statements

Independent auditor's report to the members of
Bridgepoint Group plc continued

Key Audit Matter

How our scope addressed this matter

Recognition of carried interest income and measurement of
carried interest receivable

In the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss, carried interest
income totals £60.0 million (2024: £59.1 million). In the
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position, carried interest
receivable amounts to £148.9 million (2024: £113.3 million).

Refer to the accounting policies (page 138); and Notes 3, 6 and
16 of the Financial Statements (pages 147-148, 152 and
164-165).

The carried interest receivable represents the expected income
that the Group will receive from funds whose performance has
exceeded the relevant thresholds based upon the net asset value
of the underlying fund measured at fair value.

Carried interest is calculated as a contractual percentage of a
fund’s recurn, once a specified hurdle rate is met. These
amounts are specified in the underlying contract berween the
fund and the Group in its capacity as investment manager.
Carried interest is only received when a triggering event, such
as a realisation of a fund’s investment, occurs.

Under IFRS 15 “Revenue from Contracts with

Customers’ ("IFRS 15”), Management must assess whether itis
highly probable that the performance above the hurdle of each
fund will not reverse after the reporting date. Stakeholder
expectations may influence revenue recognition, potentially
leading to overstatement or deferral of revenue to meet
performance targets.

We associated a higher risk relating to the estimation of the
discount used in determining the constraint to variable
consideration, given the judgment involved and the
opportunity for management override

Our audit procedures included, but were not limited to:
~ Performing walkthroughs to develop an understanding of the
procedures associated with recognition and measurement of
carried interest and evaluating the design and
implementation of the relevant controls.
~ For a sample of managed funds:
~ agreeing the inputs used in the carried interest calculations
to supporting evidence, including legal agreements,
verifying the applicable hurdle and triggers for the
contractual right to carried interest;
- recalculating the value of the carried interest receivable;
~ verifying chat Management has consistently applied their
estimation methodology in determining the discount
applied for recognition of carried interest accruals; and
~ for any judgmental adjustments applied to the estimation
methodology, understanding the rationale and assessing
their reasonableness; and
= ensuring Management included appropriate disclosures in
relation to significant assumptions and sensitivities

Our observations

Based on the results of the audit procedures performed, we
concluded the recognition of carried interest is materially in
accordance with IFRS 15.



===== page 125 =====
123 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Our application of materiality and an overview of the scope of our audit

The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality. We set certain quantitative thresholds for materiality. These,
together with qualitative considerations, helped us to determine the scope of our audit and the nature, timing and extent of our audit
procedures on the individual financial statement line items and disclosures and in evaluating the effect of misstatements, both
individually and on the financial statements as a whole. Based on our professional judgement, we determined materiality for the
financial statements as a whole as follows:

Group materiality

Overall materiality £104 million

How we ‘Approximately 5% of profit before tax excluding exceptional income and expenses, as reported in the
determined it Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.

Rationale for We have considered that the profitability of the business is the key focus of the users of the financial
benchmark applied statements, and as such, we have based our materiality around this benchmark. However, due to the

impact of exceptional costs and income related mainly to acquisition activity, this measure provides a
more stable benchmark for secting materiality compared to other measures.

Performance Performance materiality is set co reduce to an appropriately low level the probability that the aggregate
materiality of uncorrected and undetected misstatements in the financial statements exceeds materiality for the
financial statements as a whole.

Having considered the knowledge of the Group’s operations and controls in the prior year’s audit, we set
performance materiality at £6.2 million, which represents 60% of overall materiality.

Reporting threshold We agreed with the Directors that we would report ro them misstatements identified during our audit
above £0.3 million as well as misstatements below that amount that, in our view, warranted reporting
for qualitative reasons.

Parent Company materiality

Overall materiality £10.4 million

How we 19 of total assets (capped at 0.7% so as not to exceed Group materiality)

determined it

Rationale for ‘We have considered chat the cotal assets is the most appropriate benchmark as the Parent Company is a

benchmark applied holding enticy with no material liabilities. However, since the resulting marerialiry was in excess of
Group materiality, the amount has been capped at the latter.

Performance Performance materiality is set to reduce to an appropriately low level the probability that the aggregate

materiality of uncorrected and undetected misstatements in the financial statements exceeds materiality for the

financial statements as a whole.

Based on our risk assessment, together with our assessment of the overall control environment, our
performance materiality is set at £6.2 million, which is 60% of overall materiality.

Reporting threshold We agreed with the Directors that we would report to them misstatements identified during our audit
above £0.3 million as well as misstatements below that amount chat, in our view, warranted reporting
for qualitative reasons.



===== page 126 =====
124

Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial Statements

Independent auditor’s report to the members of
Bridgepoint Group plc continued

‘As part of designing our audit, we assessed the risk of material
misstatement in the financial statements, whether due to fraud or
error, and then designed and performed audit procedures
responsive to those risks. In particular, we looked at where the
Directors made subjective judgements, such as assumptions on
significant accounting estimates.

We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we performed
sufficient work to be able to give an opinion on the financial
statements as a whole. We used the outputs of our risk
assessment, our understanding of the Group and the Parent
Company, their environment, controls, and critical business
processes, to consider qualitative factors to ensure that we
obtained sufficient coverage across all financial statement line
items.

Our Group audit scope included an audit of the Group and the
Parent Company financial statements. Based on our risk
assessment, Bridgepoint Advisers Holdings, Bridgepoint
Advisers IT Limited, Bridgepoint Advisers Limited, Bridgepoine
Advisers UK Limited, Bridgepoint Credit Limited, Bridgepoint
Credit Management Limited, Bridgepoint Direct Lending Ill GP
Sarl, Bridgepoint Credit Advisers UK Limited, BE VII GP
SCSp, Bridgepoint CLO 1 DAC, Bridgepoint CLO 3 DAC,
Bridgepoint CLO IV DAC, Bridgepoint CLO V DAC,
Bridgepoint CLO VI DAC, Bridgepoint CLO VII DAC,
Bridgepoint CLO VIII DAG, Bridgepoint CLO IX DAC,
Bridgepoint CLO X DAC and the Parent Company, Bridgepoint
Group ple, were subject to full scope audit performed by the
Group audic team and we engaged Forvis Mazars component
auditors to perform a full scope audit of Energy Capital Partners
Holdings LP and its subsidiaries and specified scope procedures
on Bridgepoint SAS.

For the full scope components where the work was performed
by component auditors, we determined the appropriate level of
involvement to enable us to determine that sufficient audit
evidence had been obtained as a basis for our opinion on the
Group as a whole.

In addition, for another 17 components, we conducted audit
procedures on specific account balances within those
components. These account balances were selected based on
their potential co significantly impact the consolidated financial
statements, either due to their size or their risk profile.

The Group audit team interacted regularly with the component
teams during various stages of the audit and were responsible for
the scope and direction of the audit process. Physical site visits
were undertaken by the Senior Statutory Auditor and other
senior members of the Group audit team during the current
year’s audit cycle to the component team in the USA, while
virtual meetings were held with the component team in France.
These physical site visits and regular virtual meetings involved
discussing and challenging the audit approach with the
component team and any findings arising from their work,
meeting with local Management, attending planning and closing
meetings and reviewing relevant audit working papers on risk
areas. This, together with the additional procedures performed at
Group level, gave us appropriate evidence for our opinion on the
Group financial statements and ensured that the Group audit
team exercised appropriate oversight of the primary locations of
the Group.

_ Atthe Parent Company level, the Group audit team also tested

the consolidation process and carried out analytical procedures
co confirm our conclusion that there were no significant risks of
material misstatement of the aggregated financial information.

Other information

The other information comprises the information included in
the Annual report and Accounts other than the financial
statements and our auditor's report thereon. The Directors are
responsible for the other information. Our opinion on the
financial statements does not cover the other information and,
except to the extent otherwise explicitly stated in our report, we
do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing
so, consider whether the other information is materially
inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge
obtained in the course of audit or otherwise appears to be
materially misstated. If we identify such material inconsistencies
or apparent material misstatements, we are required to
determine whether this gives rise to a material misstatement in
the financial statements themselves. If, based on the work we
have performed, we conclude that there is a material
misstatement of this other information, we are required to report
that fact.

We have nothing to report in this regard.


===== page 127 =====
125

Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial Statements

Opinions on other matters prescribed by the
Companies Act 2006

In our opinion, the part of the Directors’ remuneration report to
be audited has been properly prepared in accordance with the
Companies Act 2006.

In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of
the audit:

~ the information given in the Strategic Report and the
Directors’ Report for the financial year for which the financial
statements are prepared is consistent with the financial
statements and those reports have been prepared in
accordance with applicable legal requirements;

the information about internal control and risk management
systems in relation to financial reporting processes and about
share capital structures, given in compliance with rules 7.2.5
and 7.2.6 in the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules
sourcebook made by the Financial Conduct Authority (the
FCA Rules), is consistent with the financial statements and has
been prepared in accordance with applicable legal
requirements; and

information about the Parent Company's corporate
governance code and practices and about its administrative,
management and supervisory bodies and their committees
complies with rales 7.2.2, 7.2.3 and 7.2.7 of the FCA Rules.

Matters on which we are required to report
by exception

In light of the knowledge and understanding of the Group and
the Parent Company and their environment obtained in the

course of the audit, we have not identified material
misstatements in the:

~ Strategic Report or the Directors’ Report; or

~ information about internal control and risk management
systems in relation to financial reposting processes and about
share capital structures, given in compliance with rules 7.2.5
and 7.2.6 of the FCA Rules.

We have nothing to report in respect of the following matters in
relation to which the Companies Act 2006 requires us to report
to you if, in our opinion:

~ adequate accounting records have not been kept by the Parent
Company, or recurs adequate for our audit have not been
received from branches not visited by us; or

~ the Parent Company financial statements and the part of the
Directors’ remuneration report to be audited are not in
agreement with the accounting records and returns; or

= certain disclosures of Directors’ remuneration specified by law
are not made; or

- we have not received all the information and explanations we
tequire for our audit; or

= a corporate governance statement has not been prepared by
the Parent Company.

Corporate governance statement

‘The Listing Rules require us to review the Directors’ statement in
relation to going concern, longer-term viability and chat part of
the Corporate Governance Statement relating to Bridgepoint
Group ple’s compliance with the provisions of the UK Corporate
Governance Statement specified for our review.

Based on the work undertaken as part of our audit, we have
concluded that each of the following elements of the Corporate
Governance Statement is materially consistent with the financial
statements or our knowledge obtained during the audit:

~ Directors’ statement with regards the appropriateness of
adopting the going concern basis of accounting and any
material uncertainties identified, set out on page 62;

~ Directors’ explanation as to its assessment of the entity’s

prospects, the period this assessment covers and why the

period is appropriate, set out on page 62;

Director’s statement on whether it has a reasonable

expectation that the Group and the Parent Company will be

able to continue in operation and meets their liabilities set out

of page 114;

Directors’ statement on fair, balanced and understandable, set

out on page 118;

Board’s confirmation that it has carried out a robust

assessment of the emerging and principal risks, set out on page

97;

The section of the Annual Report that describes rhe review of

effectiveness of risk management and internal control systems,

set out on pages 97-98; and

The section describing the work of the Audit and Risk

committee, set out on page 92-98,

‘


===== page 128 =====
126 __ Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial Statements

Independent auditor's report to the members of
Bridgepoint Group plc continued

Responsibilities of Directors

As explained more fully in the Directors’ responsibilities
statement set out on page 118, the Directors are responsible for
the preparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied
that they give a true and fair view, and for such internal control
as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation
of financial statements that are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, the Directors are
responsible for assessing the Group’s and the Parent Company's
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable,
matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate
the Group or the Parent Company or to cease operations, ot
have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements as a whole are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an
auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance
isa high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit
conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a
‘material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of
these financial statements.

‘The extent to which our procedures are capable of detecting
irregularities, including fraud is detailed below.

Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance
with laws and regulations. We design procedures in line with our
responsibilities, outlined above, to detect material misstatements
in respect of irregularities, including fraud.

Based on our understanding of the Group and the Parent
Company and their industry, we considered that non-
compliance with the following laws and regulations might have a
material effect on the financial statements: UK Bribery Act, UK
Corporate Governance Code, Financial Services and Markets
‘Act, Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting, tax legislation
and anti-money laundering regulation

To help us identify instances of non-compliance with these laws
and regulations, and in identifying and assessing the risks of
material misstatement in respect to non-compliance, our
procedures included, but were not limited to:

= gaining an understanding of the legal and regulatory
framework applicable to the Group and the Parent Company,
the industry in which they operate, and the structure of the
Group, and considering the risk of acts by the Group and the
Parent Company which were contrary to the applicable laws
and regulations, including fraud;

inquiring of the Directors, Management and, where
appropriate, those charged with governance, as to whether the
Group and the Parent Company is in compliance with laws
and regulations, and discussing their policies and procedures
regarding compliance with laws and regulations;

inspecting correspondence with relevant licensing or
regulatory authorities including the Financial Conduct
Authority;

reviewing minutes of Directors’ meetings in the year; and
discussing amongst the engagement team the laws and
regulations listed above, and remaining alert to any indications
of non-compliance.

We also considered those laws and regulations that have a direct
effect on the preparation of the financial statements, such as the
Companies Act 2006.

In addition, we evaluated the Directors’ and Management's
incentives and opportunities for fraudulent manipulation of the
financial statements, including the risk of management override
of controls, and determined that the principal risks related to
manipulating accounting records and preparing fraudulent
financial statements by overriding controls that otherwise appear
to be operating effectively. Due to the unpredictable way in
which such override could occur there is a risk of material
misstatement due to fraud on all audits.


===== page 129 =====
127

Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial Statements

Our procedures in relation to fraud included but were not
limited to:

~ making enquiries of the Directors and Management on
whether they had knowledge of any actual, suspected or
alleged fraud;
gaining an understanding of the internal controls established
to mitigate risks related co fraud;
discussing amongst the engagement team the risks of fraud;
addressing the risks of fraud through management override of
controls by performing journal entry testing;
critically assessing accounting estimates impacting amounts
included in the financial statements for evidence of
management bias;
considering significant transactions outside of the normal
course of business. Our approach included Management
inquiry, review of the Board minutes, review of
correspondences with regulators and analytical review to
identify significant movements on transactions and balances
and substantively testing the transaction and related
disclosure, where applicable;
~ reviewing the journal entry process to evaluate its
effectiveness and appropriateness, including an assessment of
the level of segregation of duties and a risk-based selection of
journals based on what we considered as high-risk criteria
using a data analytics tool and testing these against supporting
documentation and obtaining Management explanations; and
~ obtaining an understanding of the rationale for and testing
related party transactions and balances.
‘The primary responsibility for the prevention and detection of
irregularities, including fraud, rests with both those charged with
governance and Management. As with any audit, there remained
a risk of non-detection of irregularities, as these may involve
collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations or
the override of internal controls.

The risks of material misstatement that had the greatest effect on
our audit are discussed in the “Key audit matters” section of this
report.

A further description of our responsibilities is available on the
Financial Reporting Council’s website at www.frc.org.uk/
auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms part of our
auditor’s report.

Other matters which we are required to
address

Following the recommendation of the Audit and Risk
Committee, we were appointed by Bridgepoint Group ple on 4
October 2021 to audit the financial statements for the year
ending 31 December 2021 and subsequent financial periods,
‘The period of total uninterrupted engagement is five years,
covering the years ending 31 December 2021 to 31 December
2025.

The non-audit services prohibited by the FRC’s Ethical Standard
were not provided to the Group or the Parent Company and we
remain independent of the Group and the Parent Company in
conducting our audit.

Our audit opinion is consistent with our additional report to the
Audit and Risk Committee.

Use of the audit report

This report is made solely to the Parent Company's members as
a body in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the
Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so
that we might state to the Parent Company's members those
matters we are required to state to them in an auditor's report
and for no other purpose. To the fallest extent permitted by law,
we do nor accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than
the Parent Company and the Parent Company’s members as a
body for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we
have formed.

Narget Shaheen Ouner
Nargis Shaheen Yunis (Senidt Statutory Auditor)
for and on behalf of Forvis Mazars LLP

Chartered Accountants and Statutory Auditor

30 Old Bailey
London
EC4M 7AU

25 March 2026


===== page 130 =====
128 _ Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

for the year ended 31 December

2025) 2024
Note ‘ £m £m
Management and other fees 6 416.0 329.2
Carried interest 6 60.0} 59.1
Fair value remeasurement of investments of: 153.2 38.8
Other operating income +07 1.0
Total operating income _ 629.9 428.1
Personnel expenses 7P- 302.2) (214.6)
Other operating expenses 8 igs.0} (67.3)
EBITDA* 242.7 146.2
Depreciation and amortisation expense 10 (64.9) (36.2)
Finance and other income 1 44] 78
Finance and other expenses 11}: 96.5), (37.1)
Profit before tax _ 85.7 80.7
Tax 12] * (29.0) (116)
Profit after tax _ 56.7] 69.1
Attributable to: .
Equity holders of the parent © 415 64.8
Non-controlling interests 24(¢) 15.2 43
- 56.74 69.1
= Pence Pence
Basic earnings per share 13 *5.0| 80
Diluted earnings per share’ 13], 49) 79

Exceptional expenses of £86.7m (2024: £61.8m) are inchuded in EBITDA. Profit before tax includes exceptional expenses of £11 7.4m (2024: £62.6m). Details of exceptional
items are included in note 9 on page 157

» Diluted earnings per share for 2024 have been restated, for further details refer to note 13.

‘The notes to the accounts form an integral part of these financial statements.


===== page 131 =====
129 _ Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

for the year ended 31 December

2025, 2024

Nore £m =m
Profit after tax 56.7 69.1
Ttems that may be reclassified to the statement of profit or loss in subsequent years:
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 41 106
Change in the fair value of hedging instruments 210) (6.7) 14.0
Change in the time value of foreign exchange options 21 b) - (Om)
Reclassifications to the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss 21) 8.7) 03
Total tax on components of other comprehensive income 120] . 3.6 (3.3)
Other comprehensive income net of tax (35.9); 215
Total comprehensive income net of tax 20.8 90.6
Total comprehensive income attributable to:
Equity holders of the parent 8.2 83.2
Non-controlling interests 24 (a) 12.6 74

20.8] 90.6

‘The notes to the accounts form an integral part of these financial statements.


===== page 132 =====
130 _Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial Statements

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

as at 31 December

(Restated)
2025 2024
Note £m fm
Assets
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment 14 95.6 88.3
Goodwill and intangible assets 415 7119 780.9
Carried interest receivable 16 148.9 113.3
Fair value of fund investments 17 (a)(b) 853.6 765.6
Trade and other receivables 17 @)AO) 24.8 33.9
Total non-current assets 1,834.8 1,782.0
Current assets
Consolidated CLO assets* 17(@)(d)| 2,878.8} = 1,978.2
Trade and other receivables 4,17 @),() 138.5 150.4
Derivative financial assets 17 (a)\(e) 51 26.4
Other investments 17 (a\Me) 24.5 -
Cash and cash equivalents 17 (a)(g) 193.5 90.8
Cash belonging to consolidated CLOs and structured fund vehicles (restricted use) 17. (a\\g) 1414 69.0
Total current assets 3,381.8. 2,314.8
Total assets 5,216.61 4,096.8
Liabilities
Non-current liabilities
‘Trade and other payables 18 (a)(b) 53.5 35.6
Other financial liabilities 18 (@)(a) 317.4 159.4
Fair value of consolidated CLO liabilities* 18 (a\(e)} 2,587.81 1,696.2
Borrowings 18 (a)(c) 451.2 485.3
Lease liabilities 18 (a),19 84.0 144
Deferred tax liabilities 23 66.2 44.7
Total non-current liabilities 3,560.1 2,495.6
Current liabilities
‘Trade and other payables 18 (a)(b) 193.3 157.1
Lease liabilities 18 (a),19 12.6 13.5
Derivative financial liabilities 18 (a)(g) 33.5 42
Consolidated CLO liabilities* 18 (a)(e) 25.5 206
Consolidated CLO purchases awaiting settlement? 18 (a6) 203.6 212.7
Total current liabilities 468.51 408.1
Total liabilities 4,028.6 2,903.7
Net assets 1,188.0{ 1,193.1
Equity
Share capital 24 (a) 01 01
Share premium 24 (a) 445.3 375.1
Other reserves 24 (c) 65.7 S11
Retained earnings 4 484.2 558.7
Equity attributable to owners of the parent 995.3 985.0
Non-controlling interests 4,24 (a) 192.7 208.1
Total equity 1,188.0 1,193.1

* Deuals ofthe Group's interes in consolidaced Collaeralised Loan Obligations (‘CLOs") are included in note 17 (d). Total Group exposure ro consolidated CLOs is £200.3m
(2024: £117.7m) at 31 December 2025. The Group's invesument in CLOs which are not consolidated is £15.3m (2024: £14.6m) and is included within fair value of fund
investments. Total equity holders’ exposure in the CLOs is £170.4m at 31 December 2025 (2024: £99.5m), excluding the interests of non-controlling interests of £45.2m
(2024: £32.8m). A non-starutory Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (unaudited), excluding consolidated CLOs is presented on page 208.

‘The financial statements of Bridgepoint Group plc (company registration number: 11443992), which include
the notes, were approved and authorised by the Board of Directors on 25 March 2026 and were signed on its

behalf by:

Re

RC Prior

Director


===== page 133 =====
1B Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial Statements

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

for the year ended 31 December

‘Total equity
attributable Non-
Share Share Other _ Retained — to owners of controlling
capital premium reserves earnings —the parent interests Total equity,
Note £m £m £m £m £m £m £m|
At i January 2025 0.1 375.1 51.1 558.7 985.0 208.1 1,193.1
Profit for the year - - - 415 415 15.2 56.7
Other comprehensive (loss)/income - - 36.6) 3.3 (33.3) (2.6) (35.9)
Total comprehensive income - - (366) 44.8 8.2 12.6 20.8
Share-based payment expense 7(a) - - 55.2 - 55.2 9.5 64.7
Vested share-based payments 24 (0) - - (4.0) 4.0 - - -
Transactions with non-controlling
interests 24 (d) - 70.2 - (41.1) 29.1 (23.9) 5.2
Share buyback 240) - - - 41) (4.1) - (4.1),
Dividends and dividend equivalents 25 - - - (78.1) (78.1) (13.6) (91.7),
As at 31 December 2025 0.1 445.3 65.7 484.2 995.3 192.7 1,188.0]
(Restated)
Total equity
(Restated) —_artributable (Restated)
Share Share Other Retained  toownersof —Non-controlling (Restated)
capital premium — reserves earnings the parent interests Total equity
Note £m =m ™ £m £m fm £m
At 1 January 2024 01 2898 126 «418.7 = 721.2 = 7212
Profit for the year - - - 648 64.8 43 691
Other comprehensive income - - 216 (3.2) 18.4 31215
Total comprehensive income - - 216 616 83.2 74. 906
Share-based payment expense 7 (a) - - 331 - 33.1 55 386
Vested share-based payments 24 (0) - - (162) 16.2 - - -
Acquisition and part disposal of .
subsidiaries 4 - - - 1996 199.6 233.0 4326
‘Transactions with non-controlling
interests 24 (d) - 85.3 - (54.3) 31.0 (1.0) -
Share buyback 240) - - - (9.8) (9.8) - (98)
Dividends and dividend equivalents 25 - - - (733) (73.3) (68) (80.1)
As at 31 December 2024 O1 3751 511 «5587 ——_—985.0 208.1 1,193.1

‘The notes to the accounts form an integral part of these financial statements.


===== page 134 =====
132 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial Statements

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

for the year ended 31 December

| 2025 2024

Note £m fm
Cash flows from operating activities
Cash generated from operations 26(a)}r 139.6 12.3
"Tax paid feece) (5)
Net cash inflow from operating activities 1359 108
Cash flows from investing activities
‘Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired 4 (0.6) (1628)
Receipts from investments (non-CLO) 262.1 90.1
Purchase of investments (non-CLO) (206.7) (379.2)
Receipt / purchase of other investments (non-CLO) 17(¢) (24.2) 75
Interest received (non-CLO) 3.4 69
Receipts from investments (consolidated CLOs) 928.6 640.7
Purchase of investments (consolidated CLOs) (1,548.8), (1,129.2)
Payments for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 14,15 62.3) (29)
Net cash outflow from investing activities (618.5), (928.9)
Cash flows from financing activities
Dividends and dividend equivalents paid to shareholders of the Company and non- :
controlling interests 25 (91.7) (80.1)
Share buyback 24()]. an (9.8)
Proceeds from partial disposal of subsidiary investments 7 32.5
Proceeds from non-contolling interests 5.2 -
Proceeds from the issue of US private placement notes 7 325.1
Repayment of US private placement notes 2 (618)
Proceeds from repurchase agreement 50.9 -
Net drawings from related party investors 784 1135
Principal elements of lease payments (12.5) (15.4)
Drawings on bank facilities (non-CLO) - 189.5
Repayment of bank facilities (non-CLO) - (189.5)
Drawn funding (consolidated CLOs) 307.9) 374.8
Repayment of CLO borrowings (consolidated CLOs) (1,358.4)! (526.2)
Cash from CLO investors (consolidated CLOs) “1,702.1 607.7
Interest paid (non-CLO) (26.2) (14.2)
Net cash inflow or (outflow) from financing activities 651.6. 776.1
Net increase or (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ~ 169.0 (142.0)
Total cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 159.8, 3148
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 6.1 (130)
Total cash and cash equivalents at the end of year 334.9 159.8
Cash and cash equivalents (for use within the Group) 17@] 193.5 508
Cash belonging to consolidated CLOs and structured fund vehicles (restricted use) 17@) 141.4) 69.0
Total cash and cash equivalents (including restricted cash) at the end of year 334.9 159.8

1. The Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows includes those cash flows relating to third-party CLOs and other investors. A non-starutory Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

(unaudited) excluding the impact of third-party CLOs and other investors is included on page 209.
The notes to the accounts form an integral part of these financial statements.


===== page 135 =====
133 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial Statements

Company Statement of Financial Position

as at 31 December

2025) (2024

Note. £m £m
Assets :
Non-current assets
Investments in subsidiaries and other Group affiliates 29] 1,510.0] 1,375.0
‘Trade and other receivables 17 (af) _ -
Total non-current assets 1,510.0] 1,375.0
Current assets :
‘Trade and other receivables 17(a)f) 57.2 39.2
Cash and cash equivalents 17 @g) 01 07
Toral current assets 573 39.9
Toral assets 1,567.3 1414.9
Liabilities
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables 18 (afb) 28.1 85
Total liabilities 28.1] 8.5
Net assets 7 1,539.2[ 1,406.4
Equity
Share capital 24 (a) 0.1 01
Share premium 24 (a) 445.3 375.1
Other reserves 24 (0) 6574 596.7
Retained earnings 4364 434.5
Total equity 1,539.24 1,406.4

‘The Company’s profit for the year was £78.7m (2024: profit of £327.6m). The notes to the accounts form an integral part of these

financial statements.


===== page 136 =====
4 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial Statements

Company Statement of Changes in Equity

for the year ended 31 December

Share ‘Share Other Retained Total!
capital" premium reserves earnings ~—_—_equity]
Note £m im £m £m £m
1 January 2025 0.1 3751 596.7 4345 1,406.4
Profit for the year - oe 78.7 78.7
Other comprehensive income - - - -
Total comprehensive profit - - - 78.7 (78.7
Share-based payment expense - - 647 - 64.7
Vested share-based payments 24 (0) - - 4.0) 4.0 -
Share issuance - * 702 - - 702
Share buyback 24 (0) - - - 41) (41)
Dividends and dividend equivalents 25 - = - 76.) 76.7}
At 31 December 2025 0.1 4453 6574 436.4 1,539.2
Share Share Other Retained
capical premium reserves —_— earnings Total equity
Note £m £m £m £m fm
At 1 January 2024 01 2898 5744 1738 1,038.1
Profit for the year - - - 3276 3276
Other comprehensive (loss)/income - - On) -
Total comprehensive income - - 1) 3276 3275
Share-based payment expense - - 386 - 386
Vested share-based payments 24 (0) - - (16.2) 16.2 -
Share issuance - 853 - - 853
Share buyback 24 () - - - (98) (9.8)
Dividends 25 - - = (73.3) (73.3)
At31 December 2024 01 3751 596.7 434.5 (1,406.4

‘The notes to the accounts form an integral part of these financial statements.


===== page 137 =====
135 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial Statements

Company Statement of Cash Flows

for the year ended 31 December

2025 2024

Note £m £m
Cash flows from operating activities
Cash generated from operations 26 3.6 (76.9)
Net cash inflow from operating activities 3.6 (76.9)
Cash flows from investing activities
Subsidiary funding . - (208.2)
Dividend income received from subsidiaries 76.7 2273
Interest received - 43
Net cash inflow from investing activities 76.7 23.4
Cash flows from financing activities
Dividends paid to shareholders of the Company 25 (76.7) (73.3)
Drawings on bank facilities - 189.5
Repayment of bank facilities - (189.5)
Share buyback 24 (0) (4.1); (2.8)
Net cash (outflow) from financing activities (80.8), (83.1)
Net (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (0.6) (136.6) ,
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 0.7 139.7
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents - (2.4)
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of year 17@} ° 0.1 07

‘The notes to the accounts form an integral part of these financial statements.


===== page 138 =====
136 _Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements

1 General information and basis of preparation

General information
Bridgepoint Group ple (the “Company”) is a public company limited by shares, incorporated, domiciled and registered in England
and Wales. The Company's registration number is 11443992 and the address of its registered office is 5 Marble Arch, London,
W1H 7EJ, United Kingdom.

The principal activity of the Company and entities controlled by the Company (collectively, the “Group” or “Bridgepoint Group”) is
to act as a private equity, credit and infrastructure fund manager. The Strategic Report sets out further details of the Group's
activities

Basis of preparation
The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025 comprise the financial statements of the Group and the
Company.

The consolidated financial statements of the Group and the Company's financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
UK-adopted international accounting standards and in conformicy with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006, as applicable
to companies reporting under those standards. The financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for
financial instruments measured at fair value through profit or loss.

The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of the financial statements are set out within note 2. These policies have
been consistently applied to all the periods presented, unless otherwise stated.

The preparation of the financial statements in conformicy with international accounting standards requires the use of certain critical
accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise judgement in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies,
Details of the critical judgements and key:sources of estimation uncertainty are set out in note 3. Actual results may differ from these
estimates.

The financial statements are presented in pounds sterling and all values are rounded to the néarest £0.1m except where otherwise
indicated.

Adoption of new and amended standards and interpretations

‘The Group has adopted all relevant amendments to existing standards and interpretations issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board (IASB), and endorsed by the UK, that are effective from 1 January 2025 with no material impact on its
consolidated results or financial position.

There are a number of new accounting pronouncements issued by IASB with an effective date of 1 January 2027, including IFRS 18
“Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements” which replaces [AS 1 “Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Stacements”.
IFRS 18 introduces additional disclosure obligations in relation to the structure of the income statement, management-defined
performance measures, and the aggregation and disaggregation of financial information. IFRS 18 will have no impact on the Group's
net profit as it impacts neither recognition nor measurement. The new standard will impact the presentation of the Group's results as
it requires that operating, investing and financing activities are presented separately. There will also be a change in the Group's cash
flow statement as IFRS 18 requires that the first line of the cash flow statement is operating profit rather than profit before tax.

The IASB has issued its annual improvements and a number of amendments to the IFRS Accounting Standards effective 1 January
2026, including Amendments to IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments and Amendments” to IFRS 7 “Financial Instruments Disclosures”.
These improvements and amendments are not expected to have a significant impact on the Group.

Going concern

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concer basis. The Directors have a reasonable expectation
that the Group and Company have adequate resources to continue in operational existence for a period of at least 12 months from
the date of issue of these financial statements. In forming this conclusion the Directors have assessed the business risks, financial
position and resources of both the Group and Company. Further detail is set out within the viabilicy and going concern statementon
page 62

Company financial statements

As permitted by section 408 of the Companies Act 2006, the Company Statement of Profit or Loss and the Statement of
Comprehensive Income are not presented as part of these financial statements. The Company's profit for the year amounted to
£78.7m (2024: profit of £327.6m), primarily driven by dividends received from its subsidiaries.


===== page 139 =====
137 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

2 Accounting policies

(a) Basis of consolidation

‘The consolidated financial statements include the comprehensive gains or losses, the financial position and the cash flows of the
Company, its subsidiaries and the entities that the Group is deemed to control, drawn up to the end of the relevant period, which
includes elimination of all intra-group transactions. Uniform accounting policies have been adopted across the Group.

Assessment of control
The Group controls an investee (entity) if, and only if, the Group has all of the following:

~ power over the investee (ie. existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee);
~ exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and
~ ability to use its power over the investee to affect its returns.

The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more
of the three elements of control listed above.

When the Group holds less than a majority of the voting rights of an investee, it has power over the investee when the voting rights
are sufficient to give it the practical ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee unilaterally. The Group considers all
relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether or not the Group's voting rights in an investee are sufficient co give it power,
inchiding:

~ the size of the Group’s holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holdings of the other vote holders;

= potential voting rights held by the Group, other vote holders or other parties;

= rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and

= any additional facts and circumstances that indicate that the Group has, or does not have, the current ability to direct the relevant
activities at the time when decisions need to be made, including voting patterns at previous shareholders’ meetings.

The assessment of control is based on all relevant facts and circumstances and the Group reassesses its conclusion if there is an
indication that there are changes in facts and circumstances.

Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the Group loses control
over the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income from the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group ceases to
control the subsidiary.

All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between the members of the
Group are eliminated on consolidation.

When the Group consolidates an entity which has an interest held by a third-parcy, it assesses whether the third-party's interest
represents equity or a financial liability to the Group, using the substance of the relevant contractual terms. If the profit share is
calculated based on a contractually defined and pre-agreed percentage which is set out within relevant fund partnership agreements,
and the Group does not have discretion regarding the residual payments to third parties, the third-party interests are classified

asa financial liability and measured at fair value through profit or loss.

Anon-controlling interest arises when the Group does not own all of a subsidiary, but the Group retains control. In situations where
the contract results in a residual interest in the assets of the investee after deducting all of the investee’s liabilities, a non-convolling
interest in subsidiaries is identified separately from the Group's equity therein. Interests of non-controlling shareholders that are
present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportivrrate share of nct asscts upon liquidation may inirially be measured
at fair value or at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. The
choice of measurement is made on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis. Subsequent to acquisition, the carrying amount of non-
controlling interests is the amount of those interests at initial recognition plus the non-controlling interests’ share of subsequent
changes in equiry.

(b) Foreign currencies

Presentation currency

‘The financial statements are presented in pounds sterling, which is the Company's functional currency and also the presentational
currency for the Company and Group.

Foreign currency transactions .
Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the actual rate at the date of the transaction.


===== page 140 =====
B8 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions, and from the translation of monetary assets and
liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at year-end exchange rates, are generally recognised in profit or loss.

Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are measured at fair value are translated to the functional
currency at the applicable foreign currency exchange rate on the date the fair value was determined. Non-monetary items in a
foreign currency that are measured in terms of historical cost are translated using the exchange rate on the date of the transaction.

Foreign operations
‘The results and financial position of foreign operations that have a functional currency different from the presentational currency
are translated into the presentational currency of the Group as follows:

= assets and liabilities for each starement of financial position presented are translated at the closing rate at the date of that statement
of financial position;

= income and expenses for each statement of profit or loss presented are translated at average rate for the month in which the
transaction occurs; and

~ all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income

(c) Operating income

Operating income primarily comprises management and other fees, carried interest income and investment income from the
management of investments in private equity, infrastructure and credit fund partnerships. The parties to agreements for fund
management services comprise the Group and the investors of each fund as a body. Accordingly, the group of investors of each fund
are identified as a customer for accounting purposes.

Income is measured based on the consideration specified in the contracts and excludes amounts collected on behalf of third parties,
discounts and value added taxes.

Management and other fees
‘The Group earns management fees from the provision of investment management services to funds. The services are treated as a
single performance obligation because they are substantially the same and have the same pattern of transfer to the customer.

Management fees are recognised over the life of each fund, which is generally 10 to 12 years

Management fees are based on an agreed percentage of either committed or invested capital, depending on the fund and the stage
of its life, Fees are billed in accordance with the relevant fund partnership agreement and are either billed semi-annually or quarterly
in advance or arrears.

Other fees may also comprise fees and commissions relating to provision of services to third parties.

Carried interest

‘The Group receives a share of fund profits through its interests in vehicles such as founder partnerships as variable consideration
which is dependent on the level of fund returns, The entitlement to carried interest and the amount is determined by che level of
accumulated profits exceeding an agreed threshold (the “hurdle”) over the lifetime of each fund. The carried interest income is only
recognised to the extent itis highly probable that there would not be a significant reversal of any accumulated revenue recognised by
the end of a fund, for example, due to changes in the expectation of future fund performance. The reversal risk is managed through
the application of discounts. This is explained further within note 3,,

‘The carried interest receivable represents a contract asset under IFRS 15 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” ("IFRS 15”) as,
the services have been transferred to a customer. Amounts are typically presented as non-current assets unless they are expected to
be received within the next 12 months.

Fair value remeasurement of investments
Fair value remeasurement of investments primarily derives from the Group’s investments in private equity, infrastructure and credit
funds (including CLOs). Details of the valuation of such investments is explained further within note 3

Fair value remeasurement of investments also includes the Group’s share of CLO interest income.

Other operating income

Other operating mcome includes fees and commissions receivable by the Group's procurement consulting business and fees in
relation to services provided to fund portfolio companies for board members, where permitted under the relevant fund partnership
agreement. It also includes income earned from other investments including, but not limited to, loans made to fund portfolio
companies. Interest income is accrued on the principal amount of the loans based on the contractual interest rate.

Amounts are recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss on an accrual basis.


===== page 141 =====
139 _Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

(d) Deferred acquisition costs

Professional costs, particularly legal and other adviser costs, are incurred when raising a new fund. Each fund partnership agreement
dictates the aggregate expense that can be recharged to the fund investors on the close of a new fund. Costs in excess of the cap and
any fees paid to placement agents are capitalised as a current or non-current asset.

The benefit of the incurred costs for private equity funds is primarily considered to be attributable to the period when the primary
fund investment activity is carried out. Therefore, the useful life of the asset is aligned to the investment period of the fund which is,
between three and five years for private equity funds.

For infrastructure funds, the useful life of the asset is considered the commitment period for the fund, which is between two and six
years.

For credit funds (non-CLOs), the period of portfolio construction is typically longer, therefore a five-year useful life is used, which
correlates with the period over which the management fees build up to a maximum level.

Details are provided within note 17 (f).

(e) Personal benefits

Short-term employee benefits

Short-term employee benefits, which include employee salaries and bonuses, are expensed as the related service is provided. A
liability is recognised for the amount expected to be paid if the Group has a present or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a
result of past service provided by the employee and the obligation can be estimated reliably.

Long-term employee benefits
Long-term employee benefits, which are those that are not expected to be settled in full before 12 months after the period end in
which the employee renders the service that gives rise to the benefit, include certain long-term bonuses. An expense is recognised
over the period in which the related service is provided. A liability is recognised for the amount expected to be paid if the Group has
a present or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past service provided by the employee and the obligation can be
estimated reliably.

Accumulated holiday balances are accrued at each period end, if an employee’s entitlement is not used in full.

Defined contribution pensions
Amounts payable in respect of employers’ contributions to the Group's defined contribution pension scheme are recognised as
employee expenses as incurred. The assets of the scheme are held separately from those of the Group in an independently
administered fund.

Sponsored employee retirement savings plan
‘The Group sponsors a retirement savings plan whereby employees are entitled to participate in the plan based upon satisfying
certain eligibility requirements. The Group may provide discretionary contributions from time to time.

Share-based payments
‘The Group enters into both equity-settled and cash-settled share-based payment arrangements with certain employees as
compensation for the provision of their services.

1) Equity-setcled share-based payments
‘The cost of equiry-settled share-based payments with employees is measured by reference to the fair value at the date at which the
awards are granted and is recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on an estimate of the

- number of equity instruments that will eventually vest. A corresponding credit is made to the share-based payment reserve within
equity.
In valuing equity-settled transactions, no account is taken of any non market-based vesting conditions and no expense or investment
is recognised for awards that do not ultimately vest as a result of a failure to satisfy a non market-based vesting condition.

‘Ateach reporting date, the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest. The impact of the
revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss such that the cumulative
expense reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment co equity.

Upon vesting of an equity instrument, the cumulative cost in the share-based payments reserve is reclassified to retained earnings in
equity.


===== page 142 =====
140 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

2) Cash-settled share-based payments

The cost of cash-settled share-based payments is measured at fair value. Fair value is estimated initially at the grant date and at each
balance sheet date thereafter until the awards are settled. Market-based performance conditions are taken into account when
determining fair value.

Aceach balance sheet date, the liability recognised is based on the fair value of outstanding awards (ignoring non market-based
vesting conditions), along with any employment tax expected to be incurred by the Group and management's estimate of the
likelihood and extent of non market-based vesting conditions being achieved.

Changes in che carrying amount of the liability are recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss for the period.

() EBITDA
EBITDA means earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation. Itis used to provide an overview of the profitability of
the Group's business and segments. Underlying EBITDA is calculated by deducting from EBITDA exceptional expenses and certain
adjusted items, such as adding back employee share-based payments granted to a targeted group of employees to increase employee
ownership in the Group post-IPO, and fair value remeasurement of investments attributable to third-parcy investors

EBITDA and Underlying EBITDA are alternative performance measures and non-IFRS measures, and are set out in pages 206 to
214.

The Group uses Underlying EBITDA as exceptional income or expenditure could distort an understanding of the performance of
the Group. Details of exceptional items are set out in note 9.

(g) Leases

Group as lessee
The Group has applied IFRS 16 “Leases” (“IFRS 16”) where the Group has right-of-use of an asset under a lease contract for a period
of more than 12 months. Such conwacts represent leases of office premises where the Group is a tenant.

The lease liability is initially measured at the net present value of furure lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date
discounted using the Group's incremental borrowing rate (“IBR”) as the implicic rate is not readily determinable for the rented office
premises. The IBR reflects the rate that the Group would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar
value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment with similar terms, security and conditions,

‘The lease liability is subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Lease payments due within the
next 12 months are recognised within current liabilities. Payments due after 12 months are recognised within non-current liabilities.

Right-of-use assets are recorded initially at cost and depreciated on a straight-line basis over the length of the contractual lease term.
Cost is defined as the lease liabilities recognised plus any initial costs and dilapidation provisions less any incentives received. Right-
of-use assets are included within property, plant and equipment in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position.

Group as lessor
Where the Group acts as an intermediate lessor by entering into a subletting agreement and has transferred substantially all the risks
and rewards incidental to ownership of the underlying asset, the Group accounts for these subleases as finance leases under IFRS 16.
Such contracts represent subleases of office premises.

Ac the commencement of a lease term, the Group derecognises the right-of-use asset relating to the head lease and recognises the net
investments in the sublease as a receivable. The difference becween the right-of-use asset and the net investment in the sublease is
recognised in profic or loss. The Group uses the TBR used for the head lease to measure the net investment in the lease (adjusted for
any initial direct costs associated with the sublease). During the term of the sublease, the Group recognises both finance income on
the sublease and finance expense on the head lease.

Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

The Group has elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases that have a lease term of 12
months or less and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises the lease payments associated with these leases as an expense on
a straight-line basis over the lease term within operating expenses.

(bh) Finance and other income and expense
Finance and other income comprises interest earned on cash and term deposits, finance income on sublease agreements and amounts
receivable from related party investors.


===== page 143 =====
141 Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Finance and other expenses comprise interest on interest-bearing liabilities, foreign exchange movements, finance expenses on lease
liabilities, foreign exchange losses, amounts due to third-party and related party investors and the impact of the remeasurement of
deferred contingent consideration and associated discount unwind

Interest income and expense is recognised using the effective interest rate method. Recurring fees and charges levied on committed
bank facilities are charged to the Consolidated Statement of Profi or Loss as accrued. Credit facility arrangement fees are capitalised
and amortised to the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss using the effective. interest method over the term of the facility.

(i) Exceptional items

Items of income and expense that are material by size and/or nature and are not considered to be incurred in the normal course of
business are classified as ‘exceptional’ within the Consolidated and Company Statement of Profit or Loss and disclosed separately to
give a clearer presentation of the Group's underlying financial performance. In considering the nature of an exceptional item,
management's assessment includes, both individually and collectively, each of the following:

= whether the item is outside of the principal activities of the business;
= the specific circumstances which have led to the item arising;

= the likelihood of recurrence; and

= if the item is likely to recur, whether the item is unusual by vireue of its size.

(j) Taxation
Taxation expense for the period comprises current and deferred tax recognised in the reporting period.

Current tax

Current tax is the amount of corporation tax payable in respect of the taxable profit for the current or prior reporting periods. Tax is
calculated on the basis of tax rates and laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the period end. Current tax is
recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other
comprehensive income, or directly in equity. In this case, such portion of current tax is recognised in other comprehensive income or
directly in equity accordingly.

Deferred tax
Deferred tax arises from temporary differences at the reporting date between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and the
amounts used for taxation purposes.

Deferred tax is not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or from the initial
recognition of other assets and liabilities in a transaction, other than a business combination, that affects neither the tax nor the
accounting profit.

Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences.

Unrelieved tax losses and other deferred tax assets are only recognised when it is probable that they will be recovered against the
reversal of deferred tax liabilities or other future taxable profits will be available against which the deferred tax assets can be utilised.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to their respective period of realisation,
provided they are enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there isa *
legally enforceable right of set off, when they relate to income taxes levied by the same tax authority and the Group intends to settle

ona net basis. Changes in deferred tax assets or liabilities are recognised as a component of tax expense in the Consolidated

Statement of Profit or Loss, except where they relate to items that are charged or credited in other comprehensive income or directly

to equity, in which case the related deferred tax is also charged or credited directly to equity, or to other comprehensive income

Current or deferred taxation assets and liabilities are not discounted.

(k) Property, plant and equipment

Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any provision for impairment. The cost includes
the purchase price as well as expenditure directly attributable to put the asset in place in order to be used in accordance with the
purpose of the acquisition.

Assets are depreciated to a residual value on a straight-line basis, over their estimated useful lives as follows:


===== page 144 =====
142 __ Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

Asset class ‘Useful life

Computers, furniture and other 310 6 years

Leasehold improvements Over the shorter of their useful economic life or the lease term
Property right-of-use assets Over the contractual lease term

‘The loss to reduce the carrying amount of any assets that are impaired is recognised within the Consolidated Statement of Profit or
Loss and reversed if there are indications that the need for impairment is no longer present. The carrying amount of an item of
property, planc and equipment is derecognised from the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position at disposal or when no future
economic benefits are expected from the use or disposal of the asset.

The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect
of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

() Intangible assets
Intangible assets that are acquired by the Group as part of an acquisition of a business including customer relationship intangible
assets, right to carried interest and computer software, are recognised initially at their estimated fair value at the acquisition date
(which is regarded as historical cost).

Software-as-a-Service contracts are only classified as intangible assets when the recognition criteria are fulfilled; otherwise they are
classified as service contracts, and the costs are expensed as incurred within che profit o loss account.

Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets are recorded at historical cost less accumulated amortisation and any impairment
losses

The useful economic lives of intangible assets are assessed as either finite or indefinite.

Intangible assets with finite lives are amortised on a straight-line basis over the useful economic lives and assessed for impairment
whenever there are any indications that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation method
for an intangible asset wich a finite useful life are reviewed at least annually. The amortisation expense on intangible assets with finice
lives is recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss, within depreciation and amortisation

Estimated useful economic lives by major class of assets are as follows:

Asset class Amortisation rate
Customer relationship intangible assets Sto 10 years
Acquired carried interest intangible assets 3 to 15 years
Computer software Up to 5 years

(m) Business combinations and goodwill

Business combinations are accounted for by applying the acquisition method. The cost of a business combination is the fair value of
the consideration given, of liabilities incurred or assumed and of equity instruments issued. Costs attributable to the business
combination are expensed in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.

On acquisition of a business, fair values are attributed to the identifiable assets, liabilities, and contingent liabilities. Intangible assets
are only recognised separately from goodwill where they are separable and arise from contractual or other legal rights. Where the fair
value of contingent liabilities cannot be reliably measured, they are disclosed on the same basis as other contingent liabilities

Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer will be recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. Contingent
consideration classified as an asset or liabilicy chat is a financial instrument and within the scope of IFRS 9 “Financial

Instruments” ("IFRS 9”), is measured at fair value with the changes in fair value recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or
Loss in accordance with IFRS 9.

Goodwill recognised represents the excess of the fair value of the purchase consideration over the fair values to the Group’s interest
in the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities of the acquired business.

Goodwill is not amortised but is assessed for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate
potential impairment loss. Impairment is determined for goodwill by assessing the recoverable amount of the Group’s cash
generating unit (“CGU”) to which the goodwill relates. When the recoverable amount of the CGU is less than its carrying amount, an
impairment loss is recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss. Impairment losses relating to goodwill cannot be
reversed in fucure periods.


===== page 145 =====
143 Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

(n) Financial instruments

Financial assets

The Group’s financial assets consist of fund investments, investments made by CLOs consolidated by the Group, derivative financial
instruments, other investments, accounts receivable and other receivables, and cash and cash equivalents.

The Company's financial assets consist of accounts receivable and other receivables, and cash and cash equivalents.

1) Recognition and measurement
A financial asset is recognised when the Group or Company becomes party to the contractual provisions of the instrument, which is
generally on the trade date.

The Group's financial assets are initially classified into one of three measurement categories. The classification depends on how the
asset is managed (business model) and the characteristics of the asset’s contractual cash flows. The measurement categories for
financial assets are as follows:

~ fair value through profit or loss;
~ fair value through other comprehensive income; and
= amortised cost.

2) Fair value through profit or loss
‘The Group's fund investments and the majority of the consolidated CLO assets are measured at fair value through profit or loss as
such assets are held for investment returns. Gains or losses arising from changes in fair value are recognised through fair value
remeasurement of investments within the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss along with interest received on the consolidated
CLO assets. Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are recognised when the Group enters into contracts with
counterparties.

Derivative financial instruments are initially measured at fair value determined using independent third-party valuations or quoted
market prices on the date on which the derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently measured at fair value at each
reporting date. The accounting policy for derivative financial instruments is further discussed in the derivative instruments and
hedge accounting section below. Prior to their settlement, derivatives are carried as a financial asset when the fair value is positive
and as a financial liability when fair value is negative.

3) Amortised cost
Financial assets are measured at amortised cost only if both of the following criteria are met:

= the asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect the contractual cash flows; and
~ the contractual terms give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding,

‘The Group's trade and other receivables are short-term receivables relating to non-financing transactions and are therefore
subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method. Receivables due in more than one year are initially
discounted to their present value using an equivalent rate of interest that would be due on borrowings. The discount is released over
time to the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.

Amounts receivable for sales of consolidated CLO assets awaiting settlement are measured at amortsed cost and are recognised a
the point at which the CLO has a contractual right co exchange cash.

Cash and cash equivalents, and term deposits with original maturities of more than three months, are measured at amortised cost.

4) Impairment
Expected credit losses are calculated on financial assets measured at amortised cost and are recognised within the Consolidated
Statement of Profit or Loss. For trade and other receivables (including lease receivables) the Group and Company apply the
simplified approach and the practical expedient permitted by IFRS 9. The allowance is based on historic experience of collection
rates over the expected life of trade receivables, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to each counterparty and the economic
environment at large, to create an expected loss matrix.

5) Derecognition
A financial asset is derecognised when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or when the Group or Company
transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash flows in a transaction in which substancially all che risks and rewards of ownership
of the financial asset are transferred. On derecognition of a financial asset in its entirety, the difference between the asset's carrying

value amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.


===== page 146 =====
144 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

Financial liabilities
The Group and the Company's financial liabilities inchade certain trade and other payables, borrowings and derivative and other
financial liabilities

1) Recognition
A financial liability is recognised when the Group becomes party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.

2) Classification and measurement
All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of borrowings and payables, net of directly attributable
transaction costs.

For the purposes of subsequent measurement, financial liabilities are classified into two categories:

= financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss; and
- financial liabilities at amortised cost.

3) Fair value through profit or loss
Derivative financial liabilities are initially recognised and subsequently measured at each reporting date at fair value

The majoriy of the liabilities of CLOs which are consolidated by the Group are designated as financial liabilities that are measured
at fair value through profit or loss. Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss relate to CLOs that are initially recognised
and subsequently measured on a recurring basis at fair value with gains or losses arising from changes in fair value recognised
through the fair value remeasurement of investments line within the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss along with interest
paid on the CLO financial liabilities. The effect of the Group's own credit risk on liabilities of the consolidated CLOs is not

recognised in other comprehensive income as the effect would create an accounting mismatch in profit or loss.

Deferred contingent consideration payable due to business combinations is measured at fair value through profit or loss with gains or
losses from fair value remeasurement recognised in finance and other income/(expense).

CLO repurchase agreements and other amounts payable to related and third-party investors which represent the residual profits due
to related and third-party investors are held at fair value through profit or loss with the corresponding assets being measured at fait
value.

4) Amortised cost

After initial recognition financial liabilities recorded at amortised cost are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective
interest rate method. Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs
that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is included as finance costs in the
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss. Borrowings (other than those designated to be measured at fair value through profit or loss)
and trade and other payables are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method, which
approximates fair value.

Amounts payable for purchases of consolidated CLO assets awaiting settlement are measured at amortised cost and are recognised at
the point at which the CLO has a contractual obligation to exchange cash.

5) Derecognition
The Group and Company derecognise financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group's or Company’s obligations are
discharged, cancelled or expire.

Derivative instruments and hedge accounting

For derivatives designated as a cash flow hedging instrument, during the hedging relationship the effective portion of the fair value
movements on the hedging instrument is recognised in other comprehensive income and within other reserves within equity. Any
ineffective portion is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a gain or loss within finance and other income or expenses. If the
hedged item does not lead to the recognition of a non-financial asset or liability, accumulated amounts recognised in equity are
reclassified to profit or loss when the hedged furure cash flows affect profit or loss. If the hedged item subsequently results in the
recognition of a non-financial asset or liability, the accumulated amounts in equity are removed from equity and incorporated
directly as a basis adjustment to the carrying amount.

For derivatives that are not designated as cash flow hedges, all fair value movements are recognised in the Consolidated Statement
of Profit or Loss. Where a derivative relates to a hedge of investments in foreign currencies, the profit or loss on the revaluation
of the hedging instrument is recognised together with the investment returns in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.


===== page 147 =====
145 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

(0) Investments in subsidiaries

Investments in subsidiaries in the Company Statement of Financial Position are recorded at cost less provision for impairments.
All transactions between the Company and its subsidiary undertakings are classified as related party transactions for the Company
accounts and are eliminated on consolidation for the Group.

(p) Investments in associates
Associates are entities such as funds or carried interest partnerships in which the Group has an investment and over which it has
significant influence, but not control, through participation in the financial and operating policy decisions at the entity.

Investments in associates are designated to be measured at fair value through profit or loss. The investments are recorded at fair value
of fund investment or carried interest receivable within the Group Consolidated Statement of Financial Position. Any gains or losses
are recognised within fair value remeasurement of investments in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.

(q) Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash in hand and call deposits, and other short-term highly liquid investments including term
deposits with original maturities of three months or less and investments in money market funds which are readily convertible to a
known amount of cash and are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.

Cash belonging to consolidated CLOs and fund vehicles is cash held by fund vehicles consolidated by the Group and is not available
for the Group's other operating activities.

‘Term deposits with original maturities of three months or more are not included in cash equivalents and are presented separately on
the Consolidated and Company Statement of Financial Position.

(r) Dividends and other distributions

Dividends and other distributions to the equity holders of the Company and non-controlling interests are recognised in the period in
which the dividends and other distributions are declared and, if relevant, approved by the shareholders. These amounts are
recognised in the Statement of Changes in Equity.

(s) Own shares

Own shares are recorded by the Group when ordinary shares in the capital of the Company are purchased through special purpose
vehicles which have the purpose of purchasing and holding shares of the Company, whether from employees who have left the
employment of the Group or for other reasons. The special purpose vehicles include Adantic SAV Limited, Atlantic SAV 2 Limited
and the Bridgepoint Group plc Employee Benefit Trust, These entities are aggregated together within the financial statements of the
Company and are consolidated within the Group financial statements.

Own shares are held at cost and their purchase reduces the Group's net assets by the amount spent. They are recognised as a
deduction from retained earnings.

‘When shares vest or are cancelled, they are transferred from own shares to the retained earnings reserve at their weighted average
cost.

No gain of loss is recognised on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company's own shares.

3. Critical judgements in the application of accounting policies and key sources of
estimation uncertainty

‘The judgements and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the reporting date, which may have a significant risk of causing a
material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are summarised below. The
Group's estimates and assumptions are based on historical experience and expectations of future events and are reviewed
periodically. The actual outcome may be materially different from that anticipated.

(a) Judgements

Consolidation of fund investments

The Directors have considered whether the Group should consolidate the funds in which it holds investments into the consolidated
financial statements, Control is determined by the extent of decision-making authority, rights held by other parties, remuneration
and exposure to returns.

The Directors have assessed the legal nature of the relationships between the Group, the relevant fund and fund investors and have
determined that as the manager, the Group has the power to influence the returns generated by the fund, but that the Group's


===== page 148 =====
146 _ Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

interests typically represent only a small proportion of the total capital within each funds (c. 2% of commitments). The Directors
have therefore concluded that the Group acts as an agent which is primarily engaged to act on behalf, and for the benefit, of the fund
investors rather than act for its own benefit and therefore the funds are not consolidated into the Group's consolidated financial
statements.

Consolidation of CLOs

‘The Group holds investments in the senior and subordinated notes of CLOs that it manages, predominantly driven by risk-retention
regulations. As the Group has power as the asset manager o impact che returns of the vehicles, the level of exposure to variable
returns from its involvement as an investor in the notes requires assessment as to whether this indicates that the Group has a
principal or agent relationship and therefore whether the CLO should be consolidated under IFRS 10 “Consolidated Financial
Statements” ("IFRS 10”). The subordinated notes of CLOs are the tranche that is most exposed to the risk of portfolio assets failing to
pay as they are the first to absorb any losses. As a result, the Group's consideration of exposure to variable returns focuses on its
interest in the equity tranches.

‘The assets and liabilities of the CLO are held within separate legal entities and, as a result, the liabilities of the CLO are non-recourse
to the Group. The consolidation of the CLO results in a significant gross-up on the Group's assets and liabilities, which are shown
gross on the face of the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position and Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows as separate lines
bur has no net effect on the profit or loss or net assets, Details of the assets and liabilities are included in notes 17 and 18 and non-
starutory and an unaudited Consolidated Statement of Financial Position and Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows excluding the
consolidation of CLOs and other third-party investors are included on pages 208 and 209 respectively.

‘The Group invests in subordinated notes in Bridgepoint CLO 1 DAC (“CLO 1”), Bridgepoint CLO 3 DAC (“CLO 3”), Bridgepoint
CLO IV DAC (“CLO TV”), Bridgepoint CLO V DAC (“CLO V”), Bridgepoint CLO VI DAC (“CLO VI”), Bridgepoint CLO VII DAC
(“CLO VII"), Bridgepoint CLO VIII DAC (“CLO VIII”) and Bridgepoint CLO IX DAC (“CLO IX”), and so the Group has exposure to
variable returns. The Group holds the majority of the subordinated notes in CLO 1, CLO 3, CLO IV, CLO V, CLO VI, CLO VII,
CLO VIII and CLO IX, and the Directors have therefore concluded that the Group acts as principal and should consolidate. The
construction of Bridgepoint CLO X DAC (“CLO X”) commenced during the year and remained in warehousing as at 31 December
2025, as the underlying assets were being accumulated in a temporary warehouse structure prior to the CLO’s pricing and closing.
As the Group held a majority interest in the warehouse equity, the Group also fully consolidates CLO X.

Bridgepoint CLO 2 DAC (“CLO 2”) is not consolidated in the financial statements of the Group at 31 December 2025 as the
Group’s exposure to variable returns is only 5% of the subordinated notes.

Group interest in Group share Consolidation

Name of CLOs the subordinated notes of CLO sreacment at YE24 Nature of the entity
Bridgepoint CLO 1 DAC 55.2% 5.0% Consolidated Subordinated notes in the residual class
Bridgepoint CLO 2 DAC 5.1% 5.0% Not consolidated Subordinated notes in the residual class
Bridgepoint CLO 3 DAC 58.8% 9.6% Consolidated Subordinated notes in the residual class
Bridgepoint CLO TV DAC 749% 5.9% Consolidated Subordinated notes in the residual class
Bridgepoint CLO V DAC. 66.2% 11.0% Consolidated Subordinated notes in the residual class
Bridgepoint CLO VI DAC 68.4% 97% Consolidated Subordinated notes in the residual class
Bridgepoint CLO VII DAC 64.6% 5.0% Consolidated Subordinated notes in the residual class
Bridgepoint CLO VIII DAC 65.8% 5.0% Consolidated Subordinated notes in the residual class
Bridgepoint CLO IX DAC 50.7 % 8.5% Consolidated Subordinated notes in the residual class
Bridgepoint CLO X DAC 50.0 % n/a Consolidated Warehouse entity

The Group designates the amounts arribucable co he chird-prryinvescorschrough ther holdings in nots of the CLOs a financial
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss.

Consolidation of Carried Interest Partnerships or intermediate holding companies

‘Asa fund manager to its funds, the Group participates in carried interest schemes through Carried Interest Partnerships (“CIP”) or
General Partnerships ("GP"), the other participants in which might include certain Group employees and others connected to the
underlying fand. These vehicles have two purposes: to facilitate payments of carried interest from the fund to carried interest
participants, and in some cases to facilitate individual co-investment into the funds.

The Directors have undertaken a control assessment of each relevant CIP or GP in accordance with IFRS 10 to consider whether
they should consolidate the relevant CIP or GP.


===== page 149 =====
147 _ Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

The Directors have considered the contractual nature of the relationships between the relevant fund and the CIP or GP (and its
underlying participants). The purpose and design of the relevant CIP or GP and the carry rights in the fund are generally determined
at the outset by the fund partnership agreement (“LPA”) which requires investor agreement and incentivises individuals to enhance
performance of the underlying fund in line with investor expectations.

‘The Group has limited power over the relevant Adjudication Committee or other governance authority connected to the relevant
CIP or GP, which makes decisions about allocation of the carried interest, but these powers do not give the Group control.

In addition, the Directors have also considered the variability of recurns of the relevant CIP or GP. The variable rerurns are shared
between the carried interest participants and the Group is exposed to below 50% of variable rerums.

The Directors have concluded that the Group does not control the relevant CIP or GP because of the predetermined contractual
nature of the relevant CIP or GP, the Group’s limited powers over the relevant Adjudication Committee or governance authority
and limited exposure to the variable recurs of the relevant CIP or GP. However, when the Group has a share of 20% or more of the
rights co the carried interest, the Group is considered to have significant influence and in this case the relevant CIP, intermediate
holding company or GP is accounted for as an associate. Details of the associates are set out within note 29 (4)

Consolidation of employee share partnership

On listing, the founder employee shareholders created a separate ring-fenced vehicle, Burgundy Investments Holdings LP (the
“Burgundy Partnership”). The Burgundy Partnership is a pool of assets, comprising the Company’s shares. The shares were
contributed by founder employee shareholders who elect to donate a portion of their shares to the Burgundy Partnership. This pool
is ringfenced for allocation to current and future employees in the business, as a means of allowing them to build a meaningful long-
term shareholding in the Bridgepoint Group and reflect the opportunities that previous employees were offered.

Certain existing and former employee shareholders prior to listing, and certain other employees and related persons wholly own the
interest in the Burgundy Partnership.

‘The Group does not have any direct economic interest in the Burgundy Parmership, and awards of new points to existing and fucure
employees are made by the Advisory Commitee of the Burgundy Partnership, which is made up of certain employee shareholder
representatives. As such, the Group does not have power over the allocation of the points or to affect those recums through its
power.

‘The Directors have considered the requirements of IFRS 10 to determine whether they should consolidate the Burgundy
Partnership. As the Group does not have power over the Burgundy Partnership and no exposure to its variable recurns, the Directors
have concluded that the Burgundy Parmership should not be consolidated.

(b) Estimates

Recognition and measurement of carried interest revenue

Carried interest revenue is only recognised to the extent ic is highly probable that there would not be a significant reversal of any
accumulated revenue recognised on the completion of a fund.

In determining the amount of revenue to be recognised the Group is required to make assumptions and estimates regarding: 1)
whether or not revenue should be recognised; and 2) the timing and measurement of such amounts.

The Group bases its assessment on the best available information pertaining to the funds and the activity of the underlying assets
within that fund. This includes the current fund valuation and internal forecasts on the expected timing of disposal of fund assets.

For private equity and infrastructure funds, constraints on estimating the revenue are incorporated through the application
of discounts of 15% to 50% (2024: 15% to 40%) to the unrealised fair values of investments where the cumulative value of the
distributions to investors and unrealised fair value of investments of a fund exceeds the relevant carried interest hurdle (being the
contractual minimum return for fund investors).

For credit funds, which are more sensitive to the performance of individual investments within the portfolio, only funds that have
either reached their hurdle or are expected to do so imminently are modelled on the same basis.

‘The discount applied for each fund depends on the stage and maturity profile of the fund, and therefore recognises the de-risking of
the income over time. It also takes into account diversity of assets, whether there has been a recent market correction (and whether
this has been already factored into the valuation of the fund) and the expected average remaining holding period. Reasons for a
higher discount may include where the fund has not yet completed its construction, has not yet returned its original capital
commitments and there is the potential for the hurdle to grow further, or there is a higher level of perceived risk (fund specific or
macro-economic). Reasons for a lower discount include where a fund has returned its capital commitments and che hurdle has
stopped or where the fund has already started to pay carry. The levels of discounts applied are reassessed annually.


===== page 150 =====
148 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

The weighted average discount at 31 December 2025 to the notional carried interest due to the Group based on unrealised fair value
of investments in relevant funds is 57% (2024: 47%) resulting in a carried interest receivable of £148.9m (2024: £113.3m).

Ifthe average discount was to increase by 10% this would reduce carried interest income by £34.9m. If the average discount was
to decrease by 10% this would increase carried interest income by £34.9m.

Valuation of fund investments at fair value

Fund investments at fair value consist of investments in private equity, credit and infrastructure funds. The investments are fair
valued using the net asset value of each fund, determined by the fund manager. These funds are invested into direct and indirect
equity and debt investments.

Portfolio assets within each fund are stated at fair value as determined in good faith by the fund manager in accordance with the
terms of each fund partnership agreement and the International Private Equity and Venture Capital Valuation Guidelines (“IPEV”)
and are reviewed and approved by the relevant fund valuation committee. The valuations provided by the fund manager typically
reflect the fair value of the Group’s proportionate share of the capital account balance of each investment as at the reporting date or
the latest available date.

‘The market approach is typically used for the valuation of the assets held by the funds. This comprises valuation techniques such as
comparable companies or transaction multiples. A market comparable approach uses quoted market prices or third-party quotes for
similar instruments or relevant recent transactions to determine the fair value of a financial asset. A multiples approach can be used
in the valuation of less-liquid securities, which typically form the majority of assers within a private equity, credit or infrastructure
fund.

Comparable companies and other multiples techniques assume that the valuation of unquoted direct investments can be assessed by
comparing performance measure multiples of similar quoted assets for which observable market prices are readily available.
Comparable public companies are selected based on factors such as industry, size, stage of development and strategy. The most
appropriate performance measure for determining the valuation of the relevant investment is selected (which may include EBITDA
or book values). Trading multiples for each comparable company identified are then calculated by dividing the value of the
comparable company by the defined performance measure. Comparable transactions are selected based on factors such as industry,
size, geography, timing and nature of the transaction. The relevant trading multiples or transaction multiples might be subject to
adjustment for general qualitative differences such as liquidiry, growth rate or quality of customer base between the valued direct
investment and the group of comparable companies or transactions, The fair value of the direct investment is determined by
applying the relevant adjusted multiple to the identified performance measure of the valued company. Where available, valuation
techniques use market-observable assumptions and inputs. If such information is not available, inputs may be derived by reference to
similar assets and active markets or from recent prices for comparable transactions data. When measuring fair value, the fund
manager selects the non-market-observable inputs to be used in its valuation techniques based on a combination of historical
experience, deviation of input levels based upon similar investments with observable price levels and knowledge of current market
conditions and valuation approaches.

Within its valuation techniques the fund manager typically uses different unobservable input factors. Significant unobservable inputs
include EBITDA multiples (based on budget/forward-looking EBITDA or historical EBITDA of the issuer and EBITDA multiples

of comparable listed companies for an equivalent period), discount rates, price/earnings ratios and enterprise value/sales multiples.
The fund manager also considers the original transaction prices, recent transactions in the same or similar instruments and completed
third-party transactions in comparable instruments and adjusts the model as deemed necessary

A discounted cash flow approach may also be used for the valuation of assets held by infrastructure funds. Under a discounted cash
flow approach the fair value is determined by converting expected future cash flows (or earnings) to a present value. The discount
rate is a key unobservable input in determining the valuation and reflects market conditions, the risk profile of the cash flows, and
the time value of money

The fund manager takes into account sustainability-related factors such as climate change into the valuation of investments and, to
the extent necessary, makes adjustments to the relevant performance measures or multiples where demand or costs for a portfolio
company could be impacted.

Debt instruments may be valued using the market approach, independent loan pricing sources or amortised cost, which requires the
determination of the effective interest rate from a number of inputs, including an estimation of the expected maturity of each loan.

Due to the level of unobservable inputs within the determination of the valuation of individual assets within each fund, and the lack
of an observable price for each investment in a fund, fund investments at fair value are classified as level 3 financial assets under
IFRS 13 “Fair Value Measurement” (“IFRS 13”).


===== page 151 =====
149 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements *

Further detail on the valuation methodologies, inputs and the number of fund investments valued using each technique, along with a
sensitivity analysis of the impact of a change in the fair value of fund investments is included within note 20 (d) and 20 (e).

Valuation of CLO assets and liabilities

Consolidated CLO assets, which consist of loans, are valued using independent loan pricing sources. To the extent that the
significant inputs are observable, the Group categorises these investments as level 2 financial assets under IFRS 13. The valuation
methodology for the Group's investment in the various CLO notes is based upon discounted cash flow models with unobservable
market data inputs, such as asset coupons, constant annual default rates, prepayment rates, reinvestment rates, recovery rates and
discount rates and they are therefore considered level 3 financial assets.

‘The consolidated CLO liabilities, consisting of notes issued to third-party investors, are valued in line with the fair value of the
relevant CLOs’ loan asset portfolios. CLOs are constructed to distribute all proceeds generated from their assets to the note holders
of the CLO and thus do not generate any residual profit. The consolidated liabilities are therefore measured at par and are adjusted in
order to match the value of the asset portfolio, with any adjustment applied to the note liabilities in order of ascending seniority.

The Group's investments in CLO notes of consolidated CLO vehicles are eliminated on consolidation based on the valuation
of the investments as determined by the discounted cash flow models as described above. A sensitivity analysis has been included
within note 20 (e).

Measurement of intangible assets, useful lives and impairment

‘The fair value of acquired intangible assets (and therefore the resulting goodwill recognised on acquisition) is significantly affected
by a number of factors. These include management's best estimates of furure performance (i.e. forecast revenue, expected revenue
attrition, forecast operating margin), any contributory asset changes and estimates of the return required to determine an appropriate
discount rate (in order to calculate the net present value of the assets).

i) Goodwill and intangible assets recognised from the acquisition of EQT Credit
A customer relationship asset was recognised following the Group's acquisition of EQT Credit in October 2020, to reflect the value
of current investor relationships to the Group in the future,

At the time of the acquisition, the cost of the acquired customer relationship was measured at fair value by discounting estimated
contractual future cash flows over a period in which the customer was expected to remain invested within the Group’s funds. Key
assumptions in the model included forecast earnings for 2021 to 2025, a growth rate applied from 2025 onwards which was based
upon the long-term operating plan for the business, an investor reinvestment rate from one fund to another, and a pre-tax discount
rate of 10.5% which was calculated by using comparable company information.

The useful life of the intangible assets arising from this transaction has been determined as seven years, which represents the period
over which the net present value of cash flows from the acquired customer relationships reduce to nil

Goodwill that arose from the acquisition of EQT Credit is assessed for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes
in circumstances indicate potential impairment loss. It has been determined that the lowest level of CGU used to assess impairment is
the credit business segment.

ii) Intangible assets recognised from acquisitions
‘Two intangible assets were recognised as separable assets following the acquisition of ECP in August 2024. The first was an
intangible asset related to the customer relationships, and the second related to the acquired right to future carried interest from
existing funds.

Ac the time of acquisition the cost of the customer relationship intangible asset was measured at fair value by discounting estimated
contractual future cash flows expected to be earned from each individual investor from their current commitments and the expected
level of reinvestment in future funds over a period. Key assumptions in the model included forecast earnings for 2024 co 2031, an
investor reinvestment rate from one fund to another, and a pre-tax discount rate of 25.0%.

‘The Group also recognised the acquired right to any fucure carry that is anticipated from certain funds as an intangible asset. At the
time of acquisition the cost of the rights to the fucure carry was measured at fair value by using a probabilicy-weighted expected
returns discounted cash flow approach, which contains a range of possible outcomes and key assumptions such as cash flow
projections for 2024 co 2033 and a weighted average pre-tax discount rate of 17.7%.

‘The useful life of the customer relationship and acquired right to future carried interest intangible assets arising. from the ECP
transaction has been determined as 7 years and 3 to 15 years, respectively.


===== page 152 =====
150 _ Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

Goodwill arising from the acquisition of ECP is assessed for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in
circumstances indicate potential impairment loss. It has been determined that the lowest level of CGU used to assess impairment is
the infrastructure business segment.

Further details of the valuation of intangible assets arising from the acquisition of ECP are included in the purchase price allocations
which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS 3 “Business Combinations” (“IFRS 3°),

A sensitivity analysis of goodwill and the intangible assec has been included within note 15

An entitlement to carry was acquired from a third-party investor in May 2025:in connection with which the Group recognised an
intangible asset in respect of additional rights to furure carried interest in ECP funds. Judgement was required in concluding that
these rights met the definition of an intangible asset under IAS 38, “Intangible Assets” (“IAS 38”), given their non-monetary nacure
and the dependency of cash flows on furure fundraising and fund performance.

Significant estimation is involved in measuring the carrying amount of this asset, including assumptions regarding future fee-paying
commitments, fund performance, the timing and probabilicy of carried interest crystallisation and the discount rate applied. A useful
economic life of 15 years has been determined reflecting the expected pattern of economic benefits. Changes in these assumptions
could result in material adjustments to amortisation charges or impairment in future periods.

Measurement of deferred contingent consideration payable

Under the ECP transaction purchase and sale agreement, the Group has an obligation to settle an amount of deferred contingent
consideration by reference to future contracted management fees at the reference date. The amount payable has been recognised
based upon management's current best estimate of future fundraising and implied share price, discounted to present value. A
sensitivity analysis has been included within note 20 (e).

4 Business combinations

During the year ended 31 December 2025, the completion accounts relating to the ECP acquisition were agreed, resulting in a
£10.5m ($13.5m) reduction in the final cash consideration.

In accordance with IFRS 3, the adjustment has been accounted for as a measurement period adjustment and recognised by revising
the provisional amounts recognised at the acquisition date in 2024. As at 31 December 2024, the adjustment reduced goodwill by
£9.0m and increased net assets by £1.9m, Comparative information in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position and
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the year ended 31 December 2024 has been restated accordingly. There was no
impact on profit or loss for the year ended 31 December 2024

5 Operating segments

Operating segments are che components ofthe Group whose results are regularly reviewed by the Group’ chief operating decision
maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance.

The Executive Directors are considered to be the chief operating decision maker of the Group, which is divided into operating
segments based on how key management reviews and evaluates the operation and performance of the business.

The Group's operations are divided into two groups, the core business, consisting of the private equity, credit and infrastructure fund
management and associated central support, and other. Other includes the Group’s procurement consulting business and costs
relating to strategic projects.

The Group's core operations are divided into three business segments: private equity, credit and infrastructure. The operations of the
business segments consist of providing investment management services to the relevant funds and their investors. The investment
management services comprise identification and structuring of new investments, the monitoring of investments and the sale and
exit from investments. The three business segments are supported by the central support functions which include investor relations,
head office, finance, human resources, IT and marketing

Segmental income and profit before tax analysis

The Executive Directors assess the operating segments based on the line items below, primarily on operating income and underlying
EBITDA. The underlying EBITDA for each segment, together with depreciation and amortisation and net finance and other income
or expenses, forms profit before tax. Depreciation, finance and other income, finance and other expenses, exceptional items and the
share-based payment expenses excluded from underlying EBITDA are not allocated to operating segments and are included in the
Group total.


===== page 153 =====
151 _Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Group
"Exceptional

Private Total and adjusted Reported total

Equity Credit Infrastructure Central Total Core Other items Group]
Year Ended 31 December 2025 fm £m £m £m fm £m im £m
Management and other fees 2413 69.9 112.6 3.2 427.0 - (11.0) 416.0
Carried interest 33.3 14 25.3 - 60.0 - 60.0
Fair value remeasurement of investments 37.2 13.2 40.1 146 105.1 - 48.1 153.2
Other operating income - - 0.1 - * 01 06 - 0.7
Total operating income 311.8 84.5 178.1 17.8 592.2 0.6 37.1 629.9
Personnel expenses (74.5) (27.7) (52.1) (65.3) (219.6) (0.5) (82.1) (302.2),
Other operating expenses (20.4) (9.1) (12.3) (25.9) (67.7) _(0.2) (17.1) (85.0).
EBITDA 216.9 47.7 113.7 (73.4) 304.9 (0.1) (62.1) 242.7]
Depreciation and amortisation (64.9)
Net finance and other income and |
expenses (92.1),
Profit before tax 85.7]
Group

Exceptional

Private Total andadjusted Reported

Equity Credit Infrastructure Central Total Core Other items total Group
Year Ended 31 December 2024 £m im fm Em fm fm fm Em
Management and other fees 238.8 613 33.0 2.9 336.0 - (6.8) 329.2
Carried interest 28.0 - 31.1 - 59.1 - - 59.1
Fair value remeasurement of investments 88 14.4 8.4 - 316 - 72 38.8
Other operating income 02 - - - 02 08 - 1.0
Total operating income 275.8 75.7 72.5 29 4269 08 04 428.1
Personnel expenses (69.9) (23.9) (15.2) (48.0) (157.0) (0.8) (56.8) (214.6)
Other operating expenses (23.3) (6.9) (3.5) (22.6) (56.3) (0.1) (10.9) (67.3)
EBITDA 182.6 44.9 53.8 (67.7) 213.6 (0.1) (67.3) 146.2
Depreciation and amortisation (36.2)
Net finance and other income and
expenses (29.3)
Profit before tax 80.7

Certain measures are not defined or recognised under IFRS but are used by the Executive Directors and management to analyse the business and financial performance. Pages
206 to 214 set out definitions of each of the APMs and how they can be reconciled back to the condensed consolidated financial statements.

Geographical analysis and customer concentrations
‘The Group's total operating income disaggregated by geographical location of service provided is as follows: “*--~ 77 TT

2025) 2024
Year Ended 31 December im Em
UK , 343.2 264.7
USA 178.0} | 72.5
EU Zountries 108.7 90.9
Total operating income 629.9, 428.1

No single fund investor constitutes more than 10% of assets under management.


===== page 154 =====
152 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

Assets and liabilities analysis

The Group’s Consolidated Statement of Financial Position is managed as a single unit rather than by ségment. The only distinction
for the business segments relates to the Group’s investments in funds, carried interest receivable and other investments, which can be
between private equity, credit (further split between investments attributable to the Group and to third-party investors) and
infrastructure.

Group
2025 2024
£m £m
Investments:
Private equity (investments in funds, excluding those attributable to third-party investors) 440.8) 470.8
Private equicy (investments in funds attributable to third-party investors) 241.8: 110.6
Credit (investments in funds, including Cl.Os, excluding those attributable to third-party investors) 152.7 142.0
Credit (CLO assets attributable to third-party investors) 2,747.2, 1,893.3
Credit (other investments) 24.5) -
Infrastructure (investments in funds) 149.9 127.1
Total investments 3,756.9 2,743.8
Carried interest receivable: .
Private equity . 64.4 49.0
Credit 2.6 25
Infrastructure 81.9 618
Total carried interest receivable 148.9] 113.3

6 Operating income

Operating income primarily comprises management and other fees, carried interest income and investment income from the
management of, and investment in, private equity, infrastructure and credit fund partnerships.

Management and other fees
Management and other fees are presented net of the profit or loss impact of the settlement of foreign exchange hedging used to limit
the volatility of foreign exchange on fees earned in euros or US dollars.

Group
2025) 2024
£m fm
Management and other fees before sectlement of foreign exchange hedges 410.0 325.7
Settlement of foreign exchange hedges 6.0) 35
Total management and other fees 416.0) 329.2

Carried interest

‘The amount of carried interest recognised in operating income and the carrying value of the related asset is sensitive to the fair value
of unrealised investments within each fund. The reversal risk in carried interest income, which is accounted for under IFRS 15, is
managed through the application of discounts of 15% to 50% to the fair value of the fund investments and the later recognition of
carried interest relating to credit funds.

A sensitivity analysis of the average discount rate on the carried interest income is included in note 3 (b).

Fair value remeasurement of investments
Fair value remeasurement of investments consists of net changes in the fair value of the Group's investments in private equity, credit
and infrascructure funds.

Fair value remeasurement of investments is presented net of the profit or loss impact of the remeasurement of foreign exchange
hedging used to limit the volatility of foreign exchange on investment income earned in euros or US dollars


===== page 155 =====
153 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial Statements

Group

2025; 2024

£m fm

Fair value remeasurement of investments before remeasurement of foreign exchange hedges 158.5. 35.3
Remeasurement of foreign exchange hedges (5.3), 35
Fair value remeasurement of investments 153.2] 38.8

Fair value remeasurement of investments includes the remeasurement of the fair value of investments in CLOs which are fully
consolidated by the Group. The CLO investment expense is the amount of investment income due to third-party note holders who

have invested in the CLOs which are fully consolidated by the Group.

Group
2025; 2024
i) fm
CLO investment income 147.1 128.1
CLO investment expense (135.0), (115.5)
Net CLO investment income 12.1] 12.6

‘The table above excludes the fair value remeasurement of sale and repurchase arrangements of the Group’s interests in CLO 2 and

CLO 3. Further details are set out in note 17 (d).

Note 20 (e) includes a sensitivity analysis for co-investment valuations and the impact on profit or loss.

7 Personnel expenses
Aggregate personnel expenses (including Directors’ remuneration) in each year were as follows:

Group

2025) 2024

£m £m

Wages and bonuses 187.8) 126.9
Social security 24.5) 20.3
Pensions 71 3.2
Share-based payments 64.7. 49.6
Other employee expenses I 18.1 14.6
Total personnel expenses ] 302.2{ 214.6

Total personnel expenses include £77.8m (2024: £50.9m) of exceptional expenses, and accordingly are excluded from the

calculation of underlying profitabilicy measures, See note 9 for further details.


===== page 156 =====
154 _ Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

(a) Share-based payments

The total charge to the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss for the year was £64.7m (2024 : £49.6m) and this was credited to
the share-based payments reserve in equity for an equity-settled award or recognised as a liability for a cash-settled award. Of the
total share-based payment expense, £1.1m (2024: £0.6m) relates to the A3 share award, restricted share plan and deferral share
schemes, which are included in underlying profitability measures. £3.5m (2024: £5.2m) relates to the long-term incentive plan
introduced following the IPO to increase employee ownership in the Group for a targeted group of employees (adjusted expenses).
£60.1m (2024: £43.0m) relates to the ECP transaction (exceptional expenses). Those amounts are excluded from underlying metrics
for the reasons explained in the APMs definitions on page 211.

Partnership units issued as part of ECP acquisition

The Group issued 185.0m units in Bridgepoint OP LP to the vendors of ECP on the ECP acquisition date, 20 August 2024, under
the relevant purchase and sale agreement. Of those 170.1m units are not subject to employee performance conditions (vesting
terms). Therefore they are considered part of the total consideration. .

The remaining 14.9m units are treated as an equity-settled share-based payment under IFRS 2 “Share-based Payment” (“IFRS 2”)
and are subject to staggered vesting over four years from closing. The awards are initially recognised at their fair value of £3.03 per
‘unit based on the Company's share price at the grant date.

‘Weighted average fair value per share granted
Number of units ©)

Group and Company [2025 2024 2025 * 2024
Rights outstanding at beginning of the period 14,929,500 - 3.03 N/A
Granted = 14,929,500 N/A’ 3.03
Forfeited . -| - wal N/A
Vested - - ial N/A
Rights outstanding (unvested) at the end of the period ! 14,929,500, 14,929,500 ._ 3.03 3.03

A coal expense of £10.9m (2024: £4.1m) has been recognised in personnel expense during the year. Ic is considered exceptional and
therefore is excluded from underlying profitability measures.

Restricted stock units (“RSUs”) issued as part of the ECP acquisition

Under the purchase and sale agreement relating to the ECP acquisition, the Group has established an incentive equity plan for
employees of ECP and some service providers to ECP. RSUs that are issued to employees will result in the issue of shares in the
capital of the Company post vesting, Therefore RSUs are treated as an equiry-settled share-based payment under IFRS 2. The awards
are initially recognised at their fair vahue based on the Company’s share price at the grant date.

In 2025, 11.5m RSUs were granted, which vest over four years from the grant date. In 2024, 8.5m RSU awards were granted. Of
these, 7.6m vested immediately upon completion of the ECP transaction, and the remaining 52.2m (2024: 42.4m) RSUs vest over
five years from completion.

The awards entitle the RSU holders to receive dividend cash equivalents, which are reflected in the calculation of their fair value at
the grant date. Over the vesting period, the Group recognises a personnel expense.

Weighted average fair value per share granted
(e)

Number of shares
Group and Company . 2025 2024 2025. | 2024
Rights outstanding at beginning of the period _ 42,379,775) - ° 3.03 N/A
Granted , 11,478,985) 49,993,600 |- 2.74 3.03
Forfeited “ °(1,650,480), - : 2.74 N/A
Vested “- (7,613,825) : N/A\ 3.03
Rights outstanding (unvested) at the end of the period | __ 52,208,280] _ 42,379,775 3.03 3.03

In 2025 a total expense of £39.7m (2024: £38.2m) relating to RSUs has been recognised in personnel expenses. Such costs are
considered exceptional and therefore are excluded from underlying profitability measures.


===== page 157 =====
155 _ Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Earn-out units issued as part of ECP acquisition
In 2024 45.0m earn-out units were issued to the ECP sellers in the ECP transaction with a final value linked to performance targets
of ECP funds. 50% of the units (22.5m) are subject to a continuing employment condition, vesting over the period from closing to
2029, with the other 50% vesting immediately at closing.

‘The number of final earn-out units to be granted is calculated using a probability-weighted average of awards in the earn out
scenarios. The units are expected to ultimately be exchanged for the Company's shares and so are treated as an equity-settled share-
based payment. The fair value of the earn-out units is determined at £3.03 per share based on the Company's share price at the grant
date, with a total value of £27.6m (2024: £7.3m). During 2025, a total expense of £9.5m (2024: £0.7m) has been recognised in
personnel expenses. It is considered exceptional and therefore is excluded from underlying profitability measures.

A3 share award
In June 2021 the Company issued A3 ordinary shares of £0.01 nominal value to certain employees for consideration of £1.50 per
share. The A3 shares would vest on the fifth anniversary of their issue provided that the shareholder remained an employee
throughout this period. As part of the Company's share reorganisation prior to the IPO, the A3 shares were converted into ordinary
shares. The fair value of the share issued was calculated as £3.96 per share as was determined by a third-party valuation. Expenses of
£0.2m (2024: £0.2m) relating to the A3 shares are included in underlying profitability measures.

A3 Share Award A3 Share Award (E per share)
Group and Company 2025 2024} 2025{ 2024
Opening 389,200f 440,400 3.96 3.96
Vested - - N/A N/A
Forfeited (7,681) (51,200) 3.96] 3.96
Outstanding at year end 381,519{ 389,200] 3.964 3.96

Long-term incentive plans
Over the period March 2023 to March 2025 the Group granted awards under a long-term incentive plan (‘LTIP") to qualifying
employees. The total fair value of the awards on the grant date was estimated at £17.2m. The Group will settle the awards, vesting
over the period 30 June 2023 to 31 March 2028, either in the Company's shares or with an equivalent cash payment where local
laws restrict the grant of shares in foreign corporations, with no consideration paid by the participants. As the LTIP awards vest
subject to the achievement of certain service conditions, continued employment in the Group, they are accounted for as either
equity-settled or cash-sertled share-based payment transactions under the Group’s accounting policy in line with IFRS 2.

‘The scheme was implemented to increase employee ownership in the Group for a targeted group of employees post-IPO. The
awards are not considered an alternative to cash-based compensation, are not included in the cost base when considering operating
segment performance and will cease to be a reconciling item once the awards issued as part of the strategy are fully vested.

In 2025 a total expense of £61.2m (2024: £5.2m) has been recognised in personnel expenses and is excluded from underlying
profitabiliry measures.

Weighted average fair value

Number of shares per share granted (£)
Group and Company 2025; 2024 2025] 2024
Rights oucstanding at beginning of the period 2,709,422 1,859,348 2.40) 214
Granted 1,589,763 2,423,489 3.32 258
Granted - dividend equivalents 64,327 81,403 3.11 248
Forfeited (215,273): (243,754) 2.92 2.35
Forfeited - dividend equivalents » 6,252) (5,533) 2.66 2.25
Vested (4,641,208) (1,364,201) 2.31 231
Vested ~ dividend equivalents (71,633), (41,330) 2.30 2.27
Rights outstanding (unvested) at the end of the period 2,429,146] 2,709,422 3.04 2.40

Restricted Share Plan Award

In April 2025, two Directors of the Company were granted a conditional share award of 455,372 shares at a value of £3.34 per
share, with a total value of £1.5m, vesting over the period from 1 April 2025 to 31 March 2028.


===== page 158 =====
156 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

In 2024, a Director of the Company was granted a conditional share award of 326,672 shares at a value of £2.60 per share,
with a total value of £850,000, vesting over the period from 1 April 2024 to 1 April 2026.

‘The restricted share plan is a constituent part of the total compensation for directors of the Company and so is considered an
alternative to cash-based compensation. The cost for the year of £0.7m (2024: £0.4m) is included in underlying profitability
measures.

Deferred Annual Bonus Plan
In 2025, ewo Directors of the Company were subject co a scheme whereby bonuses in excess of 25% of base salary will be subject to
509% deferral into shares, vesting after three years. In April 2025, cwo Directors of the company were granted 278,020 shares at a
value of £3.34 per share with a total value of £929,498, vesting on 31 March 2028.

‘The deferred share scheme is a constituent part of the total compensation for directors of the Company and so is considered an
alternative to cash-based compensation. The cost for the year of £0.2m (2024: nil) is included in underlying profitabilicy measures.

(b) Other employee expenses
Other employee expenses include insurance, healthcare, training, recruitment costs and certain incentive schemes.

Management incentive scheme

In April 2021 a subsidiary of the Company, Bridgepoint Credit Holdings Limited, issued shares to certain employees of the Group as
part of a management incentive scheme. The scheme has been accounted for as an other long-term employment benefit under IAS
19 “Employment Benefits” (“IAS 19”) as it is not linked to the value of the equity of Bridgepoint Credit Holdings Limited or equity
instruments of other Group members, but is based on the revenue generated by certain funds managed by the Group.

During 2025, an £1.1.6m expense (2024: £1.2m) and corresponding liabilicy of £26.8m (2024: £13.4m) has been included in other
employee expenses and calculated based upon funds raised and expected management fees which exceed the targets at that date.
‘The expense is considered exceptional and is therefore excluded from underlying profitabilicy measures,

ECP employee retention bonus
In January 2023 ECP granted certain employees retention bonuses, which vest over three years, or over 2023 to 2026.

‘The payment of the bonuses is contingent on continued employment which is treated as a service condition. The bonuses are not
linked to the Company's share price or value and so are treated as employee remuneration with the associated expense spread over
the service period under IAS 19.

In 2025, an expense of £4.4m (2024: £4.3m) is recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss. As such costs are non-
recurring and are material by size, they are considered to be exceptional items and so are excluded from underlying performance
metrics

Staff numbers .
‘The monthly average number of persons, including Directors, employed by the Group during the year split by geography was as
follows:

Group

2025 2024

UK 273 246
USA 115 107
Other 262 252
Total 650 605

‘The Company has seven employees and non-Executive Directors (2024: five).

8 Other operating expenses

Other operating expenses include expenditure on IT, travel and legal and professional fees. Other operating expenses also include
fees paid to the auditors for the audic of the Group and relevant subsidiary financial statements and fees for other services.

In 2025, exceptional expenses of £8.9m (2024: £10.9m) are included in the Group's other operating expenses, Further details are
provided in note 9 (b).


===== page 159 =====
157 _ Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Expendicure relating to low-value asset leases is required to be disclosed separately and is set out below.

(a) Auditor's remuneration
During the year, the Company and the Group received the following services from its external auditor, Forvis Mazars LLP.

The table below sets out fees earned by Forvis Mazars LLP in relation to the year ended 31 December 2025.

Group
2025 2024
i £m fm
Audit fees
Fees payable to the external auditor for the audit of the Company and the consolidated financial statements |’ 0.8 10
Fees payable to the external auditor for the audit of the accounts of the Company's consolidated subsidiaries LL 11
Total audit fees 1.9] 21
Non-audit fees 7
Audit-related assurance services 02 0.2
Other non-audit services = -
Total non-audit fees 0.2 0.2
Total auditor's remuneration 21 23
(b) Low-value asset leases
Group
= 2025 2024
£m £m
Expense relating to low-value asset leases
Low-value asset leases 0.3 04

9 Exceptional items

Exceptional items in the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 principally relate to costs incurred in relation to the acquisition
of ECP and EQT Credit

-Exceptional other income in 2024 relates to the remeasurement and revaluation of the EQT deferred consideration payable.

Group

2025) 2024

fm Em

Personnel expenses (77.8) (50.9)
Other operating expenses (8.9), (10.9)
Total exceptional expenses within EBITDA * (86.7) (61.8)
Finance and other expenses . wom (0.8)
Total exceptional expenses _ _ P™a17.4)___ 626)

(a) Exceptional personnel expenses

In 2025, exceptional personnel expenses primarily relate to £61.3m (2024: £43.0m) of incentive award share-based payment
expenses and associated social security costs related to the acquisition of ECP. 2025 exceptional personnel expenses also include
£4.6m of one-off retention bonuses that transferred with the ECP business.

‘The amounts also include £11.7m (2024: £1.2m) of deferred transaction-related bonuses and associated social security costs from
the acquisition of EQT Credit in 2020. Specific bonus payments payable to employees in relation to the EQT Credit acquisition are
exceptional given they were only granted once.

(b) Exceptional other operating expenses
In 2025 and 2024, exceptional other operating expenses include costs incurred in relation to other one-off corporate development
activities, Costs also include post-transaction integration costs and other professional service fees in respect of the ECP transaction.


===== page 160 =====
158 _ Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

Such costs would not have been incurred had no transaction taken place and therefore have been classified as exceptional.

(c) Exceptional finance and other expenses

In 2025, exceptional finance and other expenses primarily comprise £29.6m (2024: £0.3m) relating to the remeasurement of the
deferred contingent consideration arising from the ECP transaction. They also include £0.7m (2024: £0.5m) relating to the unwind
of discount and revaluation of deferred non-contingent consideration from the ECP transaction and £0.5m (2024: nil) of foreign
exchange impact from a management incentive scheme linked to the EQT Credit transaction.

10 Depreciation and amortisation
The following table summarises the depreciation and amortisation charges during the year.

Group

2025) 2024

£m fm

Depreciation on property, plant and equipment 16.1 15.1
Amortisation of intangible assets 48.8 211
Total depreciation and amortisation expense 64.94 36.2

The amortisation charge of £48.8m (2024: £21.1m) includes an expense in relation to the amortisation of customer relationship
intangible assets arising from the EQT Credit and ECP transactions and acquired carried interest intangible assets arising from the
ECP transaction, £1.0m (2024: nil) relating to the amortisation of carried interest intangible assets that the Group acquired from a
third-party and £0.5m amortisation of computer software (2024: £1.7m).

The amortisation charge of customer relationship and carried interest intangible assets which totalled £48.3m (2024: £19.4m) is
excluded from the calculation of underlying profitability measures in order to distinguish one-off material transactions from
underlying performance.

11 Net finance and other income or expenses

Group
2025) 2024

£m! =m

Incerest income on term deposits ~ 3.6 69
Finance income on subleases 08 09
Total finance and other income 4A 78
Interest expense on bank overdrafts and borrowings 2.1) (17.5)
Interest expense on lease liabilities aa} (3.6)
Net foreign exchange losses eat (12.3)
Finance expense on amounts payable to third-party and related party investors (20.2) (0.5)
Other expenses (36.3) (3.2)
Total finance and other expenses 196.5) G71)
Net finance and other income, including exceptional items 92.0) (29.3)

Interest income and interest expense on financial instruments measured at amortised cost and on lease liabilities are recognised using
the effective interest method. Amounts payable to third-party and related party investors and other expenses are measured at fair
value through profit or loss are presented as fair value movements within net finance and other expenses.

{a) Interest expense on bank overdrafts and borrowings
For 2025 the interest expense on bank overdrafts and borrowings relates to the interest charged on the US private placement debts
issued by the Group.


===== page 161 =====
159 _ Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

(b) Finance income and expenses on amounts receivable from or payable to third-party and related party
investors

Finance income and expenses represent amounts due from or to external parties in structured entities that are consolidated by the
Group under IFRS 10 “Consolidated Financial Statements”. The Group’s interest only constitutes a portion of the total and therefore
other financial liabilities include the fair value of the amounts due to external parties, who are either third-party investors (non-
Group subsidiaries or affiliates) or related party investors (Group subsidiaries or affiliates), under the applicable fund partnership
agreement. Due to the nature of this arrangement, being a contractually agreed profit share to third-party investors and related party
investors, the Group recognises their interest as a financial liabilicy which is fair valued through profit or loss at each reporting date.

In 2025, a £20.2m finance expense is recognised within the profit or loss account (2024: finance expense of £0.5m) as a result of the
fair value movement. Further details of the financial liability are included in note 17 (d).

(c) Other expenses

In 2025 of other expenses of £36.3m (2024: £3.2m) primarily comprise £29.6m (2024: £0.3m) relating to the remeasurement of
deferred contingent consideration and £0.7m (2024: £0.5m) relating to the unwind of the discount and revaluation of deferred non-
contingent consideration, both arising from the ECP transaction.

In 2024 other expenses primarily comprised £1.8m relating to the amortisation of borrowing facility fees for revolving credit
facilities which are being amortised over a straight-line basis.

12 Tax expense

(a) Tax expense
Tax charged in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss:

Group.
2025, 2024
£m fm

Current taxation
Current tax - current year 3.6 37
Current tax ~ prior year 0.2 03
Total current tax expense - 3.8 4.0

Deferred tax

Deferred tax - current year _ - ae 25.5. 78
Deferred tax ~ prior year (0.3), (0.2)
Total deferred tax expense - 25.2f 76
Total tax expense for the year 29.0f 11.6

(b) Reconciliation of tax expense

The effective tax rate for the year ended 31 December 2025 is 33.8% (2024: 14.4%). The effective tax rate is different from the
standard rate of corporation tax in the UK of 25.0% (2024: 25.0%) primarily due to timing differences on taxation of management
fee income and investments. In addition, there are tax losses carried forward in the UK due to certain forms of income that are not
subject to UK corporation tax, and in the US due to tax deductible amortisation.


===== page 162 =====
160 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

Group
2025 2024
£m £m
Profit before tax 85.7 80.7
Tax on profit before taxation at the standard rate of corporation tax in the UK of 25% (2024: 25%) 214 20.2
Non-taxable and non-deductible items 8.8 (40.2)
Adjustments regarding management fee income and investments (26.3) 68
Effect of foreign tax rates (3.2) (0.7)
Deferred tax not recognised 28.5 25.5
Prior year adjustment (0.2) -
Total tax expense for the year 29.0} 116
(c) Tax on amounts recognised directly in other comprehensive income
‘Tax on amounts recognised in other comprehensive income relate to deferred tax timing differences on foreign exchange forward
contracts used for hedging purposes.
Group
2025 2024
£m £m
‘Tax on amounts recognised in other comprehensive income | 3.6 (3.3)

(d) Tax losses not recognised
‘The Group has carried forward losses of £555.1m (2024: £544.0m) and £24.9m or $33.5m (2024: nil) as at 31 December 2025 on
which a deferred tax asset has not been recognised due to the uncertainty of future taxable profit against which the asset can be
utilised

The Group has a deferred tax asset recognised of £67.8m (2024: £53.1m) where it is probable that the tax losses will be utilised
against future profits. The Company has no deferred tax asset (2024: nil)

See note 23 for further detail on deferred tax assets recognised.

13 Earnings per share
Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit for the year attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent by the
weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year

Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent by the weighted
average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year plus the weighted average number of ordinary shares that would be
issued on conversion of all the dilutive potential ordinary shares into ordinary shares.

‘These potential ordinary shares inchade units that may ultimately be exchanged for ordinary shares under the ECP transaction
completed in August 2024 provided they were dilutive as at the year end


===== page 163 =====
161 Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

The following table reflects the income and share data used in the basic and diluted earnings per share calculations:

Group
20254 2024

Earnings

Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent (£m) 415 64.8

Number of shares

Weighted average number of ordinary shares for purposes of basic earnings per share (m) 826.9 805.1

Effect of dilutive potential ordinary share conversion (m) 26.5 18.0

Number of ordinary shares for the purposes of diluted earnings per share (m) 853.4 823.1

Basic earnings per share (pence) 5.0 8.0

Diluted earnings per share (pence) (restated) 49 79

‘These are not defined or recognised under IFRS. Pages 206 and 214 set out definitions of each of the APMs and how they can be reconciled back to the non-statutory
consolidated financial statements.
‘The number of ordinary shares included in the calculation of earnings per share excludes shares held by the Group itself. Further
detail is included in note 24. The method used to calculate diluted earnings per share was updated in 2025, to reflect the impact of
profit or loss attributable co non-controlling interest holders, as well as the effect of the exchange for dilutive potential ordinary
shares. As a result of this change in calculation methodology, the 2024 diluted earnings per share for the year ended 31 December
2024 has been restated to 7.9 pence.

IFRS basic and diluted earnings per share decreased in 2025, primarily due to a full year of non-cash expenses arising from the ECP
transaction. These amounts are treated as exceptional items and are excluded from underlying profitability measures. Further details
are provided in note 9.

14 Property, plant and equipment

Group
‘Computers,
Right-of-use Leasehold furniture and
assets improvements other Total
fm fm £m im
Cost
Asat 1 January 2025 87.2 414 14.3 142.9
Additions 22.1 47 2.0 28.8
Foreign exchange (1.0) (0.7) - a.)
Disposals (3.6) (04) (1.7) (5.7),
As at 31 December 2025 104.7 45.0 14.6 164.3{
Accumulated depreciation |
Asat 1 January 2025 (34.8) (11.4) (8.4) (54.6)
Foreign exchange - - (0.1) (0.1)
Depreciation (9.1) (4.7) (2.3) 16.1}
Disposals - 04 17 zal
As at 31 December 2025 (43.9) (15.7) 9.1) (68.7)
Carrying value at 31 December 2025 60.8 29.3 5.5 95.6)



===== page 164 =====
162 __Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial Statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company

financial statements continued

Group
‘Computers,
Right-of-use_ Leasehold furniture and
assets improvements other Total
fm £m fm fm
Cost
Asat 1 January 2024 719 30.2 12.0 114.1
Additions from acquired subsidiaries 12.7 93 18 23.8
Other additions 2.0 15 14 49
Foreign exchange 06 04 (ont 11
Disposals - - (1.0) (1.0)
As at 31 December 2024 87.2 414 14.3 142.9
Accumulated depreciation
Asat 1 January 2024 (26.0) (7.2) (7.2) (40.4)
Foreign exchange - (0.1) - (0.1)
Depreciation (8.8) (4.1) (2.2) (15.1)
Disposals = - 1.0 1.0
As at 31 December 2024 (34.8) (11.4) (8.4) (54.6)
Carrying value at 31 December 2024 52.4 30.0 59 88.3
The Company has no plant, property or equipment at 31 December 2025 (2024: nil).
15 Goodwill and intangible assets
Group
Intangible assets Intangible assets
= customer = acquired
Goodwill relationship carried interest Total
Note fm £m im fm
Cost
Asat 1 January 2025 550.1 158.7 101.4 810.2
Additions 3(b)ii) - - 25.3 25.3
Foreign exchange (30:9) (9.6) (7.2) (47.7),
Asat 31 December 2025 519.2 149.1 119.5 787.8
Accumulated amortisation and impairment .
As at 1 January 2025 - (19.7) (9.6) (29.3)
Amortisation - (21.7) (26.6) 48.3}
Foreign exchange - 0.7 1.0 17
Asat 31 December 2025 - (40.7) (35.2) (75.9),
Carrying value
As at 1 January 2025 550.1 139:0 91.8 780.9
As at 31 December 2025 $19.2 108.4 84.3 711.9{



===== page 165 =====
163 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements
Group
Tntangible assets Intangible assecs
(Restated) = customer = acquired (Restated)
Goodwill relationship carried interest Toral
Note =m £m =m £m

Cost
As at 1 January 2024 4 105.1 21.2 - 126.3
Additions from acquired subsidiaries 4 427.6 132.1 975 657.2
Foreign exchange 4 174 54 39 26.7
As at 31 December 2024 4 550.1 158.7 1014 810.2
‘Accumulated amortisation and impairment
As at | January 2024 - (9.7) oa (9.7)
Amortisation - (9.9) (9.5) (19.4)
Foreign exchange 0.1) 1) (02)
As at 31 December 2024 - (19.7) (9.6) (29.3)
Carrying value
Asat 1 January 2024 4 105.1 11.5 - 116.6
As at 31 December 2024 4 550.1 139.0 918 780.9

(a) Impairment assessment of goodwill
Goodwill is allocated to and monitored by management at the level of the Group's two CGUs, as set out below. Comparative
information for 2024 has been restated to reflect a final adjustment to consideration, as permitted under IFRS 3. Further details are

provided in note 4.

Carrying value of goodwill

(Restaced)

2025 1024

cou Goodwill arose from Em £m
Credit Acquisition of EQT Credit 105.1 105.1
Infrastructure Acquisition of ECP 414.1 445.0
Total goodwill as at 31 December 519.2[ 550.1

Annual goodwill impairment test
Goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis. For each CGU, the estimated recoverable amount is higher than its carrying
value (being the net book value as at 31 December 2025) and therefore no impairment was identified or recognised.

‘The recoverable amount of each CGU was determined based on value-in-use calculations. The value-in-use calculations are based
on, and most sensitive to, the following key assumptions:

‘Assumption

Determination of assumption

Short- and medium-term cash
flows (revenue and cost
growth)

The cash flows are projected based on the actual operating results and a five-year estimate from
2026 to 2030. Cash flows for the time thereafter are taken into account by calculating a terminal
value. Operating profits are based on management-approved income, future fundraising,
deployment of capital and costs of the business, taking into account growth plans for each business
as well as past experience.

Long-term economic growth
rates (used to determine
terminal values)

Cash flows beyond an initial five-year period are extrapolated using estimated long-term growth
rates, which are based on external estimates of GDP and inflation.

Pre-tax discount rates

Weighted average cost of capital is determined using market risk-free rates based on the yields
of government bonds that are most relevant to the operations of the CGU, adjusted for country
and operational risk and the cost of borrowing for the Group.



===== page 166 =====
164 Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

Sensitivity analysis

The estimated value-in-use of each CGU exceeds its carrying value. The table below shows the relative changes in the main
assumptions: profit margins, long-term growth rate and pre-tax discount rates, in isolation, that could lead to the value-in-use
reducing to the carrying amount. Changes beyond those amounts would have therefore led to an impairment loss being recognised
for the year ended 31 December 2025.

The sensitivity analysis presented is prepared on the basis that any change in each key assumption would not have a consequential
impact on other assumptions used. Given the significant headroom noted, the Group does not expect that a reasonably possible or
foreseeable change in the assumptions in isolation would lead to an impairment loss being recognised in 2025

Change required for value-in-use to equal carrying amount

Credit Infrastructure
Key assumptions 2025 2024 20254 2024
Reduction in profit margin (%) 53.3. 598 15.5 189
Reduction in long-term growth rates (percentage points) 5.2 10 23.6 10
Increase in pre-tax discount rates (percentage points) 26.0 23.1 10.5 70

(b) Impairment of intangible assets

Acquired intangible assets are recognised on acquisition of a business. Intangible assets that have a finice useful life are reviewed for
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recovered. Intangible assets
are also reviewed annually for indicators of impairment at each balance sheet date. The material intangible assets are set out below:

Carrying value of acquired
intangible assets Remaining amortisation period
2025] 2024 | 2025 (Weighted} 2024 (Weighted
Acquired intangible assets Em Em], _avg-years) avg. years)
Customer relationship - EQT Credit “54 84 18 28
Customer relationship - ECP * 103.0] 1306] . 5.6 66
Acquired rights to future carried interest - ECP 84.3 918] , 3.6 46

In assessing indication of impairment of customer relationship intangible assets, management uses indicators such as the profit
margins of the credit or infrastructure business, size of funds raised vs. plan, level of reinvestment and attrition of investors in new
funds and the discount rate applied to the projections.

Key assumptions
Credit Infrastructure
2ans| 2024 "2025 2024
Key assumptions % % %6 %
Pre-tax discount rates 15.24 15.9] - 12.4) 17.0

Management uses quantitative indicators such as fund performance metrics and qualitative indicators such as macroeconomic
conditions in assessing for indicators of impairment of acquired carried interest intangible assets.

No indicators of impairment were identified in 2025.

‘The Company has no goodwill or intangible assets.

16 Carried interest receivable
‘The carried interest receivable relates to revenue which has been recognised by the Group relating to its share of fund profits
through its holdings in relevant CIPs or GP vehicles.

_ Revenue is only recognised to the extent it is highly probable thar the revenue recognised would not result in significant revenue
reversal of any accumulated revenue recognised on the completion of a fund. The reversal risk is mitigated through the application
of discounts. if adjustments to the carried interest receivable recognised in previous periods are required, they are adjusted through
revenue. -

A sensitivity analysis is set out in note 3 (b).


===== page 167 =====
165 _ Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial Statements

Group
2025! 2024
fm! £m
Opening balance 113.3 673
Additions from acquired subsidiaries - 29.1
Income recognised in the year 59.0 59.1
Foreign exchange movements recognised as profit or loss 1.0 (03)
Foreign exchange movements recognised as other comprehensive income (4.6) 15
Receipts of carried interest (19.8) (43.4)
Closing balance 148.9 113.3

‘The Company has no carried interest receivable.

17 Financial assets
(a) Classification of financial assets

‘The following tables analyse the Group and Company's assets in accordance with the categories of financial instruments as defined

in IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”. Assets which are not considered as financial assets, for example prepayments and lease

receivables, are also shown in the table in a separate column in order to reconcile to the face of the Consolidated Statement of

Financial Position.

Group
Fairvae ‘Assets which are
through profit or Hedging Financial assets at not
loss derivatives amortised cost financial assets Total
Asat 31 December 2025, £m £m £m fm £m
Fair value of fund investments 853.6 - - - 853.6
Consolidated CLO assets 2,799.4 - 794 - 2,878.8
‘Trade and other receivables - - 123.1 40.2 163.3
Derivative financial instruments - 51 - - 51
Other investment - - 24.5 - 24.5
Cash and cash equivalents - - 193.5 - 193.5
Cash belonging to consolidated CLOs and structured
fund vehicles (restricted use) - - 1414 - 1414
Total | _ 3,653.0 5.1 561.9 40.2 4,260.2[
Group.
(Restated) Assets which are.
Fair value through Hedging Financial assets at not (Restated)
profit or loss derivatives: amortised cost financial assets Tot
As at 31 December 2024 £m £m fm 7 £m . Em
Fair value of fund investments 765.6 - - - 765.6
’
Consolidated CLO assets 1,955.0 i. 23.2 - 1,978.2
‘Trade and other receivables - - 154.5 298 184.3
Derivative financial instruments - 26.4 - - 26.4
Other investment - - - - -
Cash and cash equivalents - - 90.8 - 90.8
Cash belonging to consolidated CLOs - - 69.0 - 69.0
Total 2,720.6 264 337.5 298 3,114.3



===== page 168 =====
166 Bridgepoint Group ~ 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

Company
Fair value through Financial assets at_ Assets which are
profit or loss amortised cost not financial assets ‘Total:
Asat 31 December 2025 fm fm £m fm
Trade and other receivables - oe ” 57.2 - 57.2
Cash and cash equivalents : -. 0.1 _- O1
Total |! - 57.3 - 57.3
Company
Fair value through Financial assets at Assets which are,
profit or loss amortised cost not financial assets Total
As at 31 December 2024 fm fm fm fm
‘Trade and other receivables - 39.2 - 39.2
Cash and cash equivalents - 0.7 - 07
Total - 39.9 - 39.9

(b) Fair value of fund investment
The investments primarily consist of loans or commitments made in relation to BE VII, VI and V, BEP IV, BDC V, BDC IV and III,
BG II, ECP V and IV, Calpine Continuation and Bridgepoint Generations funds.

The fund investments are measured at fair value through profit or loss as the business model of each vehicle is to manage the assets
and to evaluate their performance on a fair value basis.

Group
2025, 2024

£m fm

Opening balance 765.6 301.4
Additions from acquired subsidiaries _ oo 108.7
Other additions 195.4 392.2
Change in fair value 120.2 24.0
Foreign exchange movements recognised in profit or loss 11.6 (4)
Foreign exchange movements recognised in other comprehensive income 13.7 (75)
Disposals (252.9), (46.8)
Closing balance 853.6{ 765.6

The Company has no investment in funds at 31 December 2025 (2024: nil).

(c) Other investments

Other investments are measured at amortised cost when they are held within a business model whose objective is to hold financial
assets to collect contractual cash flows, and the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
principal and interest (SPPI). Other investments are measured at fair value through profit or loss where they are managed and their
performance evaluated on a fair value basis, or where they are not held within a hold to collect business model, or where the SPPI
criterion is not met. Certain other investments may also be designated at fair value through profit or loss on initial recognition if this
eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.

In 2025, other investments include a credit investment that is being warehoused and managed on a fair value basis, with
performance evaluated using fair value information. Accordingly, it is measured at fair value through profit or loss.

The Company has no other investments at 31 December 2025 (2024: nil).

(d) CLO assets

‘The balance shown includes the gross value of the assets held by CLO 1, CLO 3, CLO IV, CLO V, CLO VI, CLO VII, CLO VIII,
CLO IX and CLO X (2024: CLO 1, CLO 3, CLO IV, CLO V, CLO VI, CLO VII and CLO VIII), which are consolidated by the
Group, but where the Group only holds the rights and liabilities in relation to a small portion. The CLO assets are primarily measured
at fair value through profit or loss as the business model of each vehicle is to manage the assets and to evaluate their performance on
a fair value basis.


===== page 169 =====
167 Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial Statements

Group
2005 2024
£m £m
Consolidated CLO assets held by the Group 3,017.2 2,047.2
Consolidated CLO assets attributable to third-party investors (2,816.9), (1,929.5)
Group's exposure to consolidated CLO assets 200.34 117.7
The Company has no investments in CLO assets at 31 December 2025 (2024: nil).
(e) Derivative financial assets
Group
2025 2024
£m £m
Derivative financial assets
Forward contracts sal 26.4

The derivative financial instruments at 31 December 2025 relate to forward contracts that are used to hedge foreign exchange risk

(2024: forward contracts and foreign exchange options). Further detail on the hedging programme is set out in note 21 (b).

‘The Company does not have any derivative financial assets (2024: nil).

(f) Trade and other receivables

Group Company
2025 2024 2025) 2024
=m £m £m fm

Non-current
Prepayments 13 1.6 - -
Deferred cost of acquisition 8.2 10.3 - -
Trade and other receivables 15.3 22.0 - -
24.8 33.9 -I -

Current

Trade receivables 219 25.6 - -
Accrued income 215 19.7 - -
Prepayments 10.4 98 - -
Deferred cost of acquisition 2.8 39 - -
Other receivables 82.0 914 57.2 39.2
138.6| 150.4 57.2 39.2
Total trade and other receivables 163.4] 184.3 57.2 39.2

‘There are no material differences between the above amounts for trade and other receivables and their fair value as these do not

contain any significant financing components.

i) Cost of acquisition

‘Total trade and other receivables include the deferred cost of acquisition and consist of expendicure in excess of the cap within the
relevant fund governing documents and fees paid to placement agents. Such costs are capitalised as current or non-current
prepayments and are amortised between two and six years. The movement in the capitalised costs of acquisition is set out in the

following table.


===== page 170 =====
168 _ Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

Group

2025; 2024

£m £m

Opening balance 14.2 49
Additions from acquired subsidiaries - 5S
Other additions 6.7 11.6
Amortisation (9.5) (8.0)
Foreign exchange co. 02
Closing balance 11.0} 142

ii) Other receivables

Other receivables primarily relate to amounts to be invoiced to funds managed by the Group and their portfolio companies in
relation to costs incurred on their behalf. Such costs include deal and fundraising expendicure. Amounts receivable from the funds
and from portfolio companies at 31 December 2025 were £27.0m (2024: £22.6m) and £8.6m (2024: £7.5m), respectively.

iii) Lease receivables
£14.1m in non-current trade and other receivables and £2.9m in current other receivables represent lease receivables on sublet
office premises,

Although the subleases may be classified as finance leases and give rise to a lease receivable, the Group retains exposure to risks
arising from the underlying assets and the head leases, including: (i) credit and vacancy risk in the event a sublessee fails to pay or the
subleased asset is not re-let, while payments under the head lease remain payable; (ii) residual value risk, including costs to restore the
underlying asset to the condition required under the head lease; and (iii) lease term mismatch risk where the head lease term exceeds
the sublease term.

‘The Group manages these retained risks through sublessee credit assessments, the use of security deposits where appropriate, and
contractual terms that largely mirror the head lease.

‘Two of the subleases are for 8 and 10 years respectively and expire in 2031, concurrent with the head-lease expiry. One sub-lease
was amended in the year to run until the expiry of the head-lease (which was also extended in the year) in 2036, while another of the
sub-leases from this head-lease was under negotiation as at year end 31 December 2025, with an expiry of 2027, and post year end
has been extended until 2036. One sublease runs until the end of the related head lease and expires in May 2026. The undiscounted
cash flows for these lease receivables during the year ended 31 December 2025 were £3.8m (2024: £3.2m). The finance income
earned on the subleases during the year ended 31 December 2025 was £0.8m (2024: £0.9m).

The following table sets out the maturity analysis of lease receivables, showing undiscounted lease payments to be received after the
reporting date.

Group
2025 2024
Lease receivables £m £m
Due within 1 year 3.7 38
Due between 1 and 2 years 37 37
Due between 2 and 3 years 2.6 3.6
Due between 3 and 4 years 3.0 2.0
Due between 4 and 5 years 3.1 25
Due after more than 5 years 4.0) 3.5
Total undiscounted lease payments receivables 20.1 19.1
Uneamed finance income 3.1), (2.5)
Net investment in leases 17.0 16.6
Current 29 26
Non-current 114.1f "140
17.0: 16.6

‘The.Company has no lease receivables at 31 December 2025 (2024: nil).


===== page 171 =====
169 _Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial Statements

(g) Cash and Deposits

Group Company

2025, 2024 2025, 2024

fm £m £m =m

Cash at bank and in hand 673 737 = 07
Money market funds 126.2 163 01 -
Deposits with original maturities of less than three months - 08 - -
Total cash and cash equivalents 193.5 908 01 07
Cash belonging to consolidated CLOs and structured fund vehicles 1414, 69.0 - -
Total cash 334.9 159.8 - 07

Cash belonging to consolidated CLOs and structured fund vehicles (restricted use) is cash held by CLOs and other structured fund
vehicles consolidated by the Group and is not available for the Group's operating activities.

There are no material differences between the carrying amounts and fair values of cash and cash equivalents, deposits with original
maturities of less than three months and cash belonging to consolidated CLOs and fund vehicles.

18 Financial liabilities
(a) Classification of financial liabilities

The following tables analyse the Group and Company's financial liabilities in accordance with the categories of financial instruments
defined in IFRS 9. Liabilities such as deferred income, long-term employee benefits, social security and other taxes are excluded as
they do not constitute a financial liability and are shown in the table in a separate column in order to reconcile to the face of the

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position.

Group
Financial Liabilities which
Fair value through Hedging liabilities at are not
profit or loss derivatives _amortised cost financial liabilities Total,
‘Asat 31 December 2025 £m =m £m Em fm
Trade and other payables 415 - 90.0 115.3 246.8
Other financial liabilities 3174 - - - 317.4)
Lease liabilities - - 96.6 .- 96.6,
Borrowings - - 451.2 - 451.2,
Derivative financial instruments - 33.5 - - 33.5)
Consolidated CLO liabilities 2,587.8 - 25.5 - 2,613.3
Consolidated CLO purchases awaiting settlement - - 203.6 - 203.6)
Total 2,946.7 33.5 866.9 115.3 3,962.4
Group
Financial Liabilities which
Pair value through Hedging liabititiesat are nor
profit or loss derivatives _amortised cost financial liabilities Total
‘Asac 31 December 2024 £m Em =m im £m
Trade and other payables 98 - 98.0 84.9 192.7
Other financial liabilities 159.4 - - - 159.4
Lease liabilities - - 87.9 - 87.9
Borrowings - - 485.3 - 485.3
Derivative financial instruments - 4.2 - - 4.2
Consolidated CLO liabilities 1,696.2 - 206 - 1,716.8
Consolidated CLO purchases awaiting settlement - - 212.7 - 212.7
Total 1,865.4 42 904.5 84.9 2,859.0



===== page 172 =====
170 __ Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

Company
Fair value, incial Liabilities which
through profit or Hedging liabilities at
loss derivatives amortised cost Total]
As at 31 December 2025, =m fm £m £m
Trade and other payables = = 27.8 03 28.1]
Total financial liabil oe - 27.8 0.3 28.14
Company
Financial Liat s which
Fair value through Hedging t are not
profit or loss derivatives financial liabilities: Total
As at 31 December 2024 £m fim £m £m
Trade and other payables - - 0.2 85
Total financial liabilities = - 02 85
(b) Trade and other payables
Group Company
2025 2024 2025 2024
=m £m £m] =m
Amounts due in more than one year:
Management incentive scheme 09 13.5 - -
Deferred contingent consideration payable 415 98 - -
Other payables 71 86 - -
Accrued expenses 4.0) 37 = :
] 53.5 35.6 - -
Amounts due within one year:
Management incentive scheme 25.9 - - -
Trade payables 12.0 21.0 - 08
Accrued expenses 119.3 97.0 0.7 08
Amounts due to related parties - - - -
Social security and other taxes 75 29 - -
Deferred income 2.2 78 - -
Other payables 264 28.4 27.5 69
193.3] 157.1] 28.1[ 85
Total trade and other payables. | 246.8] 192.7] 28.11 8.5

‘There are no material differences between the above amounts for trade and other payables and their fair value as these do not
contain any significant financing components,

i) Management incentive scheme
In April 2021, a subsidiary of the Company, Bridgepoint Credit Holdings Limited ("BCHL”, issued shares to certain employees of
the Group as part of a management incentive scheme. The shares are subject to a put and call option, whereby the participating
employees have the option to sell and the Group has the option to buy the shares in the furure based upon a pre-determined formula
which considers the amount of funds raised and the resulting management fees over a five-year period. The scheme has been
accounted for as an other long-term employment benefit under IAS 19 as itis not linked to the value of the equiry of BCHL or
equity instruments of other Group members, but is based on the revenue generated by certain funds managed by the Group

In the year ended 31 December 2025, an expense of £11.6m (2024: £1.2m) and corresponding liability of the same amount have
been recognised based upon funds raised and forecast projections and associated expected furure management fees which exceed the
targets at that date. The expense is treated as exceptional as it relates to a one-off incentive award put in place following the EQT
Credit transaction.


===== page 173 =====
71 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

ii) Deferred contingent consideration payable (earn-out)
The deferred contingent consideration payable of £41.5m primarily inchides £38.7m (2024: £9.5m) from the ECP transaction. The
amount is calculated by reference to future contracted management fees of ECP at the reference date and the implied share price of
the Company which determines the value of shares to be issued under the scheme. Further details of the valuation are provided in
note 20 (a).

iii) Accrued expenses
Accrued expenses include amounts that have been incurred but not yet invoiced, and employee bonuses.

iv) Deferred income
Deferred income includes amounts that have been received in relation to fund management activity for services that have not been
provided.

v) Other payables
Non-current other payables represent deferred non-contingent consideration to be paid to the ECP vendors in future years.

Current other payables include interest payable on private placement borrowings. They also inchude tax and other provisions.

vi) Trade payables
Current trade payables of £12.0m (2024: £8.0m) represent amounts owed to third parties for goods and services received but not
yet settled at the reporting date. The 2024 balance also included £13m relating to trades executed on behalf of CLOs, which were
settled before 31 December 2025.

(c) Borrowings

Group
Non-current: I 2025 1
Principal —_Fixed interest Maturity,
£m % date,
ECP private placement debt
Series A Notes 16.3 5.70 7 July 2027)
Series B Notes 64.6 5.79 7 July 2029
Series C Notes 55.7 5.94 7 July 2032!
Sub-total / weighted coupon 136.6 5.84
US private placement debt .
Series A Notes 37.2 6.18 7 June 2027
Series B Notes 96.6 6.20 6 June 2029
Series C Notes 130.0 6.31 6 June 2031
Series D Notes 55.7 6.46 6 June 2034
Sub-total / weighted coupon 319.5 6.29 i
Borrowings at 31 December / weighted coupon 456.1 6.16 {
Capitalised facility costs (4.9) {
Total borrowings at 31 December / weighted coupon 451.2 6.16 [|



===== page 174 =====
172 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

Group
Non-current: 2024
Principal Fixed interest Macuriy
im % date
ECP private placement debt
Series A Notes 176 5.70 7 July 2027
Series B Notes 69.5 5.79 7 July 2029
Series C Notes 59.9 5.94 7 July 2032
Sub-total / weighted coupon 147.0 5.84
US private placement debt
Series A Notes 39.9 6.18 7 June 2027
Series B Notes 103.8 6.20 6 June 2029
Series C Notes 139.7 6.31 6 June 2031
Series D Notes 59.9 646 6 June 2034
Sub-total / weighted coupon 343.3 6.29
Borrowings at 31 December / weighted coupon 4903 6.16
Capitalised facility costs (5.0)
Total borrowings at 31 December / weighted coupon 485.3 6.16

i) ECP private placement debt
In July 2022, ECP completed the issuance and sale of $225.0m in aggregate principal amount private placement debt. $184.0m
(£136.6m) of the notes remain outstanding at 31 December 2025 after $41.0m of notes were redeemed at par in 2024.

The debt is unsecured and is held at amortised cost and the Group has determined to approximate the fair value of these liabilities.

ii) US private placement debt ($430m)
The Group completed the issuance and sale of $430.0m in aggregate principal amount of Series A, B,C and D notes (collectively, the
USPP) following the completion of the ECP transaction in 2024.

Qualifying costs have been capitalised and are amortised over the weighted average life of the notes. Interest is payable semi-
annually at the fixed stated interest rates, During the year ended 31 December 2025 the interest expense and debt issuance cost
amortisation totalled £21.5m (2024: £4.1m). The USPP is held at amortised cost, £319.5m (2024: £343.3m), which the Group has
determined to approximate the fair value of these liabilities.

iii) Borrowing facility agreement
In 2023, the Group entered into a borrowing facility agreement for £250.0m. During March 2026, this agreement was renewed and
increased to £400.0m. At 31 December 2025, there were no drawn amounts outstanding on this facilicy (2024: nil).

‘The Group's borrowing facility and US private placement notes are subject to covenants based on a ratio of adjusted EBITDA to net
finance charges and a ratio of total net debt to adjusted EBITDA on a rolling annual period. During the year the Group was fully
compliant with banking covenants.

‘The Company has no drawn borrowings at 31 December 2025 (2024: nil).
(d) Other financial liabilities

Group
2025 2024
£m fm

Liabilities held at fair value through profit or loss:
CLO repurchase agreements 80.2 275
‘Amount payable to third-party investors 220.7 110.6
‘Amount payable to related party investors 16.5 213
Total 317.4| 159.4



===== page 175 =====
173 _ Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

i) CLO repurchase agreements
The Group has entered into an arrangement to sell and repurchase interests in CLO 2, 3, V, VI and IX, which totals £80.2m (2024:
£27.5m). The repurchase agreements will be repaid at face value at the scheduled repurchase date of each relevant CLO, unless an
earlier date is agreed as per the agreement. The interest payable over the life of the repurchase is equal to any distributions received
by the relevant notes to which the repurchase agreement relates.

ii) Amounts payable to third-party investors and related party investors

The Group consolidates a number of limited partnerships through which some of the Group’s investments in funds are held. The
Group’s interest only constitutes a portion of the total and therefore other financial liabilities include the fair value of the amounts
due to external parties, who are either third-party investors (non-Group subsidiaries or affiliates) or related party investors (Group
subsidiaries or affiliates), under the relevant limited partnership agreements. Due to the nature of this agreement, being a
contractually agreed profit share to third-party investors and related party investors, the Group recognises their interest as a financial
liability which is fair valued through profit or loss at each reporting

The Company has no other financial liabilities at 31 December 2025 (2024: nil).
(e) Consolidated CLO liabilities

Group
2025| 2024
£m fm
Liabilities of CLOs consolidated by the Group (non-current) 2,587.8 1,696.2
Liabilities of CLOs consolidated by the Group (current) 25.5 20.6
Total | 2,613.3 1,716.8
Non-current CLO liabilities are designated as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss.
Consolidated CLO liabilities represent notes issued by CLOs which are consolidated by and have been originated by the Group.
(f) Consolidated CLO purchases awaiting settlement
Group
2025 2024
£m £m
Consolidated CLO purchases awaiting settlement 203.6| 212.7

Amounts payable for purchases of CLO assets awaiting settlement are recognised at the point at which the CLO has a contractual
obligation ro exchange cash.

(g) Derivative financial liabilities

Group
025] 2024
£m =m
Derivative financial liabilities |
Forward contracts 33.5 42

The derivative financial instruments relate to forward contracts that are used to hedge foreign exchange risk. Further detail on the
Group's hedging programme is set out in note 21 ().

(h) Commitments

‘The Group's undrawn capital commitments to the Group funds at year end are shown in the table below excluding commitments
due from third-party investors, where the structured vehicle is consolidated within the consolidated financial statements. Capital
commitments are called over time, typically between one to five years following the entry into the commitment. Capital
commitments are not a financial liability, and the Group does not have an obligation to pay cash until the capital is called.
Commitments may increase where distributions made by the fund are recallable.


===== page 176 =====
174 __ Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

Group
2025 2024
a £m! fm
Private equity funds - 290.7) 325.9
Infrastructure funds “83.7, 35.8
Credit funds 05 20.5
Total committed capital | "3749 382.2
19 Lease liabilities
Group
2025 2024
£m £m
Lease liabilities
Current 12.6 13.5,
Non-current 84.0 744
Total [966 87.9

The lease liabilities relate to rental payments in respect of the Group’s rented offices. The leases extend up to 10 years.

The lease contracts include either inflationary increases to the rent payable or periodic review of the rent payable. The liability has
been determined at each period end, based upon expected changes in the contractual rent payable, as well as any planned exercise of
any break or early exit

The lease liability is sensitive to assumptions relating to the selection and application of the incremental borrowing rate (IBR) and
those relating to the exercise or non-exercise of lease break clauses

The determination of the lease term for each lease involves the Group assessing any extension and termination options, the
enforceability of such options, and judging whether ic is reasonably certain that they will be exercised. A number of leases contain
such clauses. The Group periodically reassesses the lease term and this assessment is based on all relevant facts and circumstances.
Should a change occur, the Group modifies the lease liabilicy and associated right-of-use asset to reflect the remaining expected cash
flows.

For each lease, a conclusion was reached on the overall likelihood of the option being exercised. The potential future cash outflows
relating to extension options not included in the measurement of lease liabilities are £21.0m (2024: nil) due to changes in contracts
and offices.

The IBR has been determined by combining the relevant reference risk-free rate for each currency, consideration of adjustments for
country-specific risks and applying a financing spread observable for comparable companies. In order to validate the reasonableness
of the IBR, it has been compared to the margin payable on the Group's revolving credit facility, and was found to be comparable. If
the IBR had been 1% higher or lower, the impact on the lease liability would be:

Group

+ + 2025) 2024

- + £m fm

Increase of 1% pe Bal (2.1)
Decrease of 1% ‘ 3.2) 3.1

‘The lease payments are allocated between principal and finance expense. The finance expense is charged to the profit or loss over
the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability.

The Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss includes the following amounts relating to the lease liabilities:

Group

4 + 2025 2024

£m fm

Interest on lease liability “41 3.6

‘The Company has no lease liabilities (2024: nil).


===== page 177 =====
75 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial Statements

20 Fair value measurement
(a) Fair value hierarchy

Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to wansfer a liabiliy in an orderly transaction becween market
participants at the measurement date in the principal, or in its absence, the most advantageous market to which the Group has access
at that date. The fair value of a liability reflects its non-performance risk.

The Group discloses fair values using the following fair value hierarchy that reflects the significance of the inputs used in making the

measurements:

~ Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
~ Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for assets or liabilities, either directly (Le. as

prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices); and

- Level 3: Inputs for assets or liabilities that are not based on observable market data (i.e. unobservable inputs).

The following table summarises the valuation of the Group's financial assets and liabilities by fair value hierarchy:

2025 1 2024

Group Level1 Level? Level3 Toralf Level] Level? Level’3 Total
Financial assets

Fair value of fund investments - 34.8 818.8 853.6 - 13.0 7526 765.6
Consolidated CLO assets - 2,799.4 - 2,799.4 - 1,955.0 - 1,955.0
Derivative financial assets = 5.1 - 5.1 - 26.4 - 26.4
Total - 2,839.3 818.8 3,658.1 - 1,994.4 752.6 2,747.0
Financial Li ities

Deferred contingent consideration payable - - 415 9 415 - - 98 98
Other financial liabilities - 80.2 237.2 317.4) - - 1594 159.4
Consolidated CLO liabilities - - 2,587.8 2,587.8 - - 1,696.2 1,696.2
Derivative financial liabilities - 33.5 - 33.5 - 4.2 - 42
Total -__113.7 2,866.5 2,980.2 - 4.2 1,865.4 1,869.6

Details on any transfers between levels in the fair value hierarchy during the year are found in note 20 (b) and 20 (c).

The Company has no financial assets and liabilities measured by fair value at 31 December 2025 (2024: nil).

(b) Reconciliation of level 3 fair value measurements of financial assets
A reconciliation of level 3 fair values for financial assets which primarily represent the Group's interest in private equity,
infrastructure and credit funds, including the Group’s investment in CLOs which are not consolidated, is set out in the table below:

Group

2025) 2024

£m! £m

Level 3 financial assets at fair value through profit or loss: :

Opening balance 752.6 3014
‘Additions from acquired subsidiaries - 108.7
Other additions 195.4 379.2
Change in fair value 120.2 24.0
Foreign exchange movements recognised as profit or loss 116 4)
Foreign exchange movements recognised as other comprehensive income 13.7 (75)
Disposals (239.9) (46.8)
Transfer (to)/from level 1 or 2 (34.8) -
Closing balance 818.8| 752.6



===== page 178 =====
176 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

The underlying assets in each fund consist of portfolios of controlling or minority equity stakes, typically in private companies, and
investments in their debe. Due to the level of unobservable inputs within the determination of the valuation of individual assecs
within each fund, and no observable price for each investment, such investments are classified as level 3 financial assets under IFRS 13.

The Group holds investments with a fair value of £853.6m (2024: £765.6m) as of 31 December 2025. These consist of investments
amounting to £818.8m (2024: £752.6m) classified as level 3, due to the use of unobservable inputs, and other investments totalling

£34.8m (2024: £13.0m) classified as level 2, as observable data other than quoted price are used. The transfer of £34.8m (2024: nil)
to Level 2 assets relates to an investment whose valuation is now based on observable inputs.

A sensitivity analysis of a change in the value of investments at fair value through profit or loss is set out in note 20 (e).

(c) Reconciliation of level 3 fair value measurement of financial liabilities

Financial liabilities classified as level 3 under the fair value hierarchy consist of the deferred contingent consideration, consolidated
CLO liabilities and other financial liabilities. The valuation of these liabilities is based on unobservable market data and therefore
classified as level 3.

The valuation methodology for valuing the consolidated CLO liabilities is based upon internal discounted cash flow models with
unobservable marker data inputs, such as asset coupons, constant annual default raves, prepayment rates, reinvestment rates,
recovery rates and discount rates and are therefore considered level 3 financial liabilities.

A reconciliation of level 3 fair values for CLO liabilities at fair value through profit or loss is set out in the table below.

Group
2025 2024
£m im
Movement in CLO liabilities at fair value through profit or loss which are level 3:
Opening balance 1,696.2 1,152.0
Additions 2,010.0 6163
Change in fair value (11.9) 08
Foreign exchange movements recognised as profit or loss 92.5 (52.9)
Foreign exchange movements recognised as other comprehensive income - -
Disposals (1,199.0) (20.0)
Transfer (to)/from level 1 or 2 _- -
Closing balance 2,587.81 1,696.2

A reconciliation of level 3 fair values for other financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss is set out in the table below. The
table also inchades the transfer of CLO repurchase agreements of £80.2m (2024: £27.5m) out of level 3 and into level 2.

Group
2025 2024
Group. [ £m! fm
Movement in other financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss which are level 3:
Opening balance 159.4 49.9
Additions from acquired subsidiaries 02
Additions 156.0 124.6
Change in fair value 7 19.2 (0.3)
Foreign exchange movements recognised as profit or loss - -
Foreign exchange movements recognised as other comprehensive income 86 (4.0)
Disposals (25.8) (11.0)
Transfer (to)/from level 1 oF 2 (80.2) -
Closing balance 237.2 159.4

The movements in deferred contingent consideration, primarily relating to the ECP transaction completed in 2024, are set out in the
table below.


===== page 179 =====
177 __ Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Group
2025, 2024
Group fm £m
Movement in deferred contingent considerations at fair value through profit or loss which are
level 3:
Opening balance 98 -
‘Additions from acquired subsidiaries - 94
Additions 0.1 -
Change in fair value 32.4 -
Foreign exchange movements recognised as profit or loss (0.8), 04
Foreign exchange movements recognised as other comprehensive income - -
Disposals - -
Transfer (co)/from level 1 or 2 - -
Closing balance 41.5] 98

A sensitivity analysis of a change in the value of CLO liabilities and other financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss is set

out in note 20 (e).

The Company does not hold any liabilities at fair value at 31 December 2025 (2024: nil).

(d) Valuations

i) Private equity fund investments
Different valuation methodologies are used when valuing private equity fund investments:

‘Valuation Approach

Earnings

‘The Group primarily uses an earnings approach for private equity fund investments where a set of relevant
listed companies and precedent transactions are available.

Earnings multiples are applied to the earnings of each portfolio company to determine the enterprise value.
‘The most common measure of earnings is EBITDA. Earnings are adjusted for non-recurring items and run-
rate adjustments to arrive at maintainable earnings. Earnings are usually obtained from portfolio company
management accounts or forecast/budgeted earnings, as considered appropriate. When selecting earning
multiples consideration is given to:

~ the original transaction price/entry multiple;
= recent transactions in the same or similar instruments;
~ relevant comparable listed company multiples; and

~ exit expectations and other company-specific factors.

The resulting enterprise value is then adjusted to take into account the capital structure of the portfolio
company, including any relevant assets or liabilities such as cash or debt. The fund's share of the value is
calculated by calculating its holding.



===== page 180 =====
178 __ Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

ii) Credit fund investments
Different valuation methodologies are used when valuing credit fund investments.

Valuation Approach

Amortising to
par method

Where a performing loan has been originated it is valued based upon its amortised cost. Provided that there
are no circumstances which indicate material underperformance or inability of the borrower to pay interest
or repay the principal, the valuation of loans that have been originated is determined by apportioning any
arrangement fees, similar fees or discount on a linear basis over the anticipated holding period (which is
cypically three years)

Market-based
approach

= Market prices: Where a loan is traded in the market, marker prices can be obtained for use in pricing,
Market prices can be obtained from third-party market price aggregation services or broker quotes where
there is an active market. The extent to which a market is active will depend on the number of distinct
price quotations available from different sources. Consideration is given to anomalies or other inaccuracies
in market pricing and whether there are other factors that should be considered (for example, recent
transactions). Market prices further include the trading multiples of comparable publicly traded
companies.

Use of recent transaction prices: Recent transactions can refer to transactions involving the underlying
investments or transactions involving similar businesses. Consideration is given to factors such as location,
time of sale, premiums and conditions of sale.

Reference to comparable instruments: Consideration is given to comparable instruments, which have
similar terms, credit quality, maturity, etc. and are publicly traded in active markets.

Income-based
approach

The Discounted Cash Flow (“DCF”) analysis incorporates expected fature cash flows, market participant
based discount rates and probability-weighted recovery assumptions. For CLO investments, additional
assumptions relating to the CLO’s underlying asset portfolio, such as annual loan default rates / recovery
rates, prepayment rates, reinvestment rates and spreads are considered.

Asset-based

For distressed or defaulted investments, the recovery value is estimated based on the value of the underlying

approach collateral and the relevant security’s seniority within the investment structure. A liquidation analysis could
also be considered.

Enterprise Value ‘The Enterprise Value (EV") waterfall analysis is used for equity, preferred or subordinated instruments in

waterfall analysis cases where EV basis assessments are appropriate. The EV might be estimated using market-based or
income-based approaches or indicative transaction prices in the case of an imminent sale process.

Other approaches Considering the broad array of debt instruments that may be held by the funds, it may be deemed

appropriate for other valuation techniques to be utilised in certain cases.



===== page 181 =====
179

Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial Statements

iii) Infrastructure fund investments
‘Valuation Approach

Earnings

The Group uses an earnings approach for infrastructure fund investments where a set of relevant listed

companies and relevant transactions are available.

Earnings multiples are applied to the earnings of each portfolio company to determine the enterprise value.
The most common measure of earnings is EBITDA. Eamings are adjusted for non-recurring items and run-
rate adjustments to arrive at maintainable earnings. Earnings are usually obtained from portfolio company
management accounts or forecast/budgeted earnings, as considered appropriate. When selecting earnings

multiples consideration is given to:

~ the original transaction price/entry multiple;
~ recent transactions in the same or similar instruments;

~ relevant comparable listed company multiples or transaction multiples; and
= exit expectations and other company-specific factors.

The resulting enterprise value is then adjusted to take into account the capital structure of the portfolio
company, including any assets or liabilities such as cash or debt that should be included. The fund’s share of
the value is calculated by calculating its holding.

Listed share price

Where a portfolio company has instruments traded on a recognised exchange the traded price is used to

value the investment, the traded price is applied to the number of shares held by the fund in the portfolio
company. The value is then adjusted to take into account any assets or liabilities in holding entities outside of

the listed company.

Discounted
cash flows

Inputs used in the discounted cash flow analysis include discount rates and those used to project the
expected cash flows relating to the infrastructure portfolio company.

iv) Consolidated CLO assets

The consolidated CLO assets are priced using market price
where a loan is traded in the market and market prices can be
obtained for use in pricing. The inputs include market price
aggregation services or broker quotes where there is an active
marker. The extent to which a market is active depends upon
the ‘depth’ of the pricing (being the number of distinct price
quotations available from different sources). Before the use of
market pricing, consideration is given to any anomalies or other
inaccuracies in market pricing and whether there are other
factors that should be taken into account (for example, recent
transactions). As at 31 December 2025, 100% (2024: 100%) of
the CLO fund assets were priced using market prices and
classified as level 2.

v) Consolidated CLO liabilities
Where the Group is required to consolidate the liabilities of a
CLO, a net asset approach is used where the value of the
liabilities is driven by the value of the consolidated loan asset
portfolio and any residual cash, accrued interest and expenses
contained within the vehicle. This financial liability has been
classified as level 3.

vi) Deferred contingent consideration

‘The Group uses discounted cash flows to determine fair value of
the deferred contingent consideration which will be paid to ECP
vendors in relation to the acquisition of ECP. Inputs used in the

calculation of the deferred consideration include estimates
outcomes of certain management fee revenue, minimum and
maximum thresholds, different performance scenarios for ECP
and probability weightings, and a discount rate. This financial
liability has been classified as level 3.

vii) CLO repurchase agreements

‘The Group is party toa sale and repurchase agreement relating
to CLOs. The repurchase agreements are priced using market
price. This financial liability has been classified as level 2 (2024:
level 3).

viii) Other financial liabilities
The Group has entered a limited partnership agreement with
related party and third-party investors to contractually share
profits from those partnerships. The liabilities are calculated
using a percentage outlined within the agreement multiplied by
the profit from the partnerships. The valuation is derived from
underlying value of the partnerships, which is based on the
unobservable market data and therefore these financial liabilities
are therefore classified as level 3.

Derivatives used for hedging, which are fair valued, are classified
as level 2 fair values as the inputs are observable.

Further details on estimation uncertainty in the valuation of
investments is set out in note 3 (b).


===== page 182 =====
180 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

(e) Valuation inputs and sensitivity analysis

‘The number of unique investments represents che investments that the Group indirectly invests into through its investments in
private equity, infrastructure and credit funds. The table below sets out information about significant unobservable inputs used at
31 December 2025 in measuring financial instruments categorised as level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.

Fair value} Fair value Effect on fair
at3d a3) Number value at 31
December} December of unique Valuation December
Deser 2025 (Em)} 2024 (Em) investments technique unobserve Range Sensitivity 2025 (£m)
Private equity fund | 5855] 5814 87 Market _Eamings multiple 3.16x-27.5x +10% multiple 474
investments : Approach Revenue multiple _4.0x-9.5x =10% multiple (47.9)
infrastructure fund | 1294) 1271 14 Market Earnings multiple _7.2x- 16.1% Upside case 61
investments Approach
Downside case** 64)
Discounted Discount rare 8.5%- 24.4% ~+1%discountrate 63)
Cash Flow =1% discount rate 56
Credic fand 3.7f 295 26 Market Earnings multiple 5.0x- 264x _+10% Earnings muleiple 02
investments : Approach Revenue multiple _3.0x-11.7x_-10% Earnings mukiple 0.3)
479 Other Wa Wa nia n/a
Group’sinvestments | “dif 146 7 Discounted Discount rate 12%
in CLOs that are nor : Cash Flow Defaultrate 1% -2% Upside case" 1.6
consolidated” Recovery rate _35%- 65%
Prepayment rate 02
Reinvestment price 995% Downside case’* (0.8)
Spread 35%
Group's investments O74 = 4 Other Netasset value wa 710% of NAV 97
in consolidated fund 7 (NAV) 10% of NAV (9.7)
vehicles -
Total assets 818.8{ 7526
Consolidated CLO} 2,587.8] 1,696.2 61 Discounted Discount rate O12
liabilities” Cash Flow Default rate 1% - 2% Upside case** 167.3
Recovery rate 35% - 65%
=f 275 1 Prepayment rate 02
wvestment 1.0 Downside case** nla
CLO repurchase Sa 2
agreements Spread 00
Deferred contingent J. 41:5 98 Wa Probability Discount rate 98% 71% discounc race a3)
consideration . Weighted Scenario 5%- 45% -1% discount rate 13
Expected probabilities
Return
Other financial P2372 1319 wa Other Necasser value 7 +10% of NAV 23.7
Habilicies wavy -10%ofNAV (23.7)
Total liabilities 2,866.5] 1,865.4

“The sensitivity analysis is performed on the portfolio of notes of CLO vehicles that that the Group has invested in, including £15.3m of investments in CLOs that are not
consolidated (2024: £14.6m) and £200.3m of investments in CLOs that are consolidated (2024: £117.7m). The sensitivity analysis for the investments in the notes of CLOs
that are consolidated impacts the value of the consolidated CLO liabilities as these are eliminated from the overall balance) and are accordingly disclosed in this section of the
able

‘The upside case is based on the key inputs used in the valuation model disclosed above being favourably adjusted from cheir base value by a factor of 10%, The downside case
adjusts these key inputs by a factor of 10% in the opposite direction.


===== page 183 =====
181 Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

21 Financial risk management

In its activities, the Group is exposed to various financial risks: price and valuation risk, market risk (inchiding exposure to interest
rates and foreign exchange rates), liquidity risk and credic risk arising from financial instruments. The Group's senior management is
responsible for the creation and management of an overall risk management policy in the Group.

‘The Group Consolidated Statement of Financial Position is made up predominantly of investments into private equity,
infrastructure and credit funds, consolidated CLO assets and liabilities, cash and cash equivalents, lease liabilities, CLO purchases
awaiting settlement and other financial liabilities.

‘The assets of a private equity and infrastructure fund are controlling or minority equity stakes, typically in private companies, and
debr in such companies. The assets of credit funds and the consolidated CLO vehicles are loans to private companies. The financial
risks relating to such investments inherently vary, based on the nature of the investments (equity or debt), and recovery and reruns
from capital invested will depend upon the financial health and prospects of each underlying investee entity. As part of capital

deployment, each fund is constructed as a diversified portfolio of assets, diversified by number of assets, industries and geographies.

Risk management policies are established to identify and analyse the risks faced by the Group and to set appropriate risk limits and
controls. Policies are reviewed on a regular basis to reflect changes in the market conditions and the Group's activities. The Group,
through its training and management standards and procedures, aims to develop a disciplined and constructive control environment
in which all employees understand their roles and obligations.

‘The Company Statement of Financial Position is made up predominantly of investments in subsidiaries, cash and cash equivalents,
and derivative financial instruments.

(a) Price and valuation risk

Price and valuation risk is the uncertainty about the difference between the reported value and the price that could be obtained on
exit or maturity of an asset or liability. This principally relates to investments in funds which hold portfolios of private equiry,
infrastructure and debt investments, investments held by consolidated CLOs, and notes issued by consolidated CLOs.

This uncertainty arises due to the use of unobservable inputs in the calculation of fair value, the performance and financial health of
portfolio companies and, ultimately ~ in relation to investments in private equity - what a third-party may be willing to pay for the
relevant business. There is less uncertainty for investments in debt as the upside is capped to the maximum of the principal and
interest receipts, whereas private equity investments have greater potential for larger changes in their valuation as the upside is not
capped.

The Group monitors the performance of each investment closely. Portfolio monitoring is embedded and maintains focus throughout
the investment life of each company. All investments are formally reviewed through dedicated forums. The review process involves
a rigorous assessment of a company’s financial performance, financial health (inchading covenant coverage) and exit prospects. The
Group values all investments in line with the IPEV Guidelines at least twice a year, and in most cases quarterly. Each investment
undergoes the same detailed valuation process in accordance with the Group’s valuation policies. Completed valuations are
presented and discussed at the relevant valuation governance forum for approval. Valuation methodologies together with the
significant unobservable inputs applied for the Group's financial assets and liabilities are included in note 20 (e).

‘The Company has no significant exposure to price and valuation risk.

(b) Foreign exchange risk
Foreign exchange risk is the risk of losses or other adverse effects resulting from a change in a foreign exchange rate, or from other
unfavourable changes in relation to a foreign currency. The Group is primarily exposed to two.cypes of foreign exchange risk:

~ Transaction risk: the adverse effect that foreign exchange rate fluctuations can have on a completed transaction prior to settlement.
Ic is the exchange rate, or currency, risk associated specifically with the time delay between entering into a trade or contract and
then settling it. As the majoricy of the Group’s income is denominated in euro or US dollars, this means that its income when
recognised in pounds sterling is subject to exposure to foreign exchange rate movements over time. i

~ Translation risk: the risk of adverse changes in the rates at which assets, liabilities, income or costs in foreign currencies are
translated into the reporting currency. The Group holds financial assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than
pounds sterling, the presentational currency of the Group. Consequently, the Group is exposed to currency risk since the value of
financial assets and liabilities denominated in other currencies will fluctuate due to changes in exchange rate.

‘The Group undertakes hedging where foreign currency transactions give rise to a mismatch of the cash flow of the underlying
currency. For example, the Group's private equity and credit businesses earn management fees predominantly in euro, but have a


===== page 184 =====
182 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

cost base predominantly in pounds sterling, giving rise to mismatch. The Group also undertakes hedging where balance sheet
exposures in currencies could result in significant volatility in earnings.

The Group does not currently hedge the US dollar earnings of the ECP business on the basis that management fee income and the
cost base are both denominated in US dollars, and there is a degree of natural hedging arising from the interest payable on the
Group's USPP borrowings which are denominated in US dollars.

A summary of the foreign exchange hedging undertaken by the Group for euro-denominated management fees, euro investments
and US dollar liabilities is set out below.

The Company has no significant exposure to foreign currency risk.

Hedging of euro management fees

In order to hedge euro denominated management fee income, the Group has entered into a series of forward trades and swap
agreements to sell euro and buy pounds sterling at various dates in the furure to reduce the currency exposure of euro-denominated
income to future spot rate volatility. The level of hedging is determined with reference to the amount of pounds sterling-
denominated costs and dividends. The level of hedging provides for almost full coverage in 2025, reducing in 2026 and 2027, wich
hedging increased and extended as part of the ongoing hedging strategy over time

The nominal value of open trades at the year end date to match certain expected furure cash flows is shown in the table below, along
with the aggregate mark-to-marker of the year end date.

Group

2025 2024

£m im

Nominal value of forward trades and swap agreements in pounds sterling 818.2 534.0
Mark-to-market value at year end (0:9), 14.5
Average forward rate (GBP/EUR) 1.14] 1.13

These hedges are in place to match known future cash flows, and the Group has decided ro use cash flow hedge accounting as
allowed and determined under IFRS 9.

‘The change in value that has been recognised as ineffective in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss, the amount of the
effective portion recognised within the cash flow hedge reserve and amounts released to the Consolidated Statement of Profit or
Loss during the year are shown in the table below. There was no hedge ineffectiveness.

Group

2025 2024

£m £m

Ineffective portion recognised as profit or loss = -
Effective portion recognised as other comprehensive income (6.7) 14.0
Reclassified to profit or loss upon settlement of hedges (8.7) 03

Hedge ineffectiveness could occur if the amount of hedging is more than the amount of the euro-denominated income and due to
timing differences becween receipt of the income and settlement of the hedge.

Hedging of euro investments

To reduce volatility in the Group's earnings and reserves arising from foreign exchange movements on the translation of euro-
denominated investments in funds and carried interest, the Group enters into a series of forward foreign exchange contracts and
cross currency swap arrangements to sell euro and buy pound sterling.

‘The derivatives are measured at fair value through profit or loss in accordance with IFRS 9. The hedging instruments are managed as,
an economic hedge of the Group's euro exposure associated wich its net investment position, rather than as a hedge of forecast
transactions. Accordingly, the Group does not apply cash flow hedge.accounting in respect of these contracts.

‘The Group monitors the effectiveness of the economic hedge by tracking the hedge ratio through comparison of the aggregate
notional amount of outstanding contracts with the Group’s total euro denominated exposure from fund investments, carried interest
and related balances. Hedge positions are adjusted from time to time to remain broadly aligned with the underlying euro exposure.


===== page 185 =====
183 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

The Group’s exposure to euro investments at each year end is summarised below, together with a sensitivity analysis showing the
impact of a 5% movement in the euro/sterling exchange rate. This analysis excludes the consolidated CLO assets, which are
attributable to third-party investors.

Group

2025] 2024

Euro-denominated investments (€m) . 619.1] 662.7
Investment hedges (€m) (2174), (260.8)
Euro-denominated investments, net (€m) |. _ 401.7] 401.9
+/- 5% sensitivity (2m) impact on profit and net assets ] 17.5 16.6

‘The nominal value of open trades at the year end date is shown in the table below, along with the aggregate mark-to-market.

Group

2025) 2024

Nominal value of forward trades and swap agreements (£m) 191.2 282.8
Mark-to-market value at year end (Em) 0.9) 54
Average forward rate (GBP/EUR) . 1.14} 1.13

‘The profit of loss on the revaluation of the hedging instrument is recognised together with the investment recurs in the
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.

A change to foreign exchange rates will impact the fair value of derivative contracts, however an opposing movement will be seen
in the hedged item included in the fair value of fund investments.

Hedging of US dollar liability
‘Asa consequence of the USPP borrowings raised in a US dollar functional currency subsidiary and the related intercompany lending
isto a sterling functional currency subsidiary, the Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk on the USD-denominated intercompany
balance. In accordance with IAS 21, recranslation of this balance at each reporting date gives rise co foreign exchange gains or losses
recognised in profit or loss, resulting in volatility in the consolidated financial statements.

To mitigate this exposure, the Group enters into rolling forward foreign exchange contracts and cross-currency swaps to sell pounds
sterling and purchase US dollars at forward rates. The notional value of the contracts is adjusted periodically to reflect movements in
the underlying loan balance.

-The derivatives are measured at fair value through profit or-loss in accordance.with IFRS 9. The Group monitors the notional —

amount of hedging instruments against the outstanding USD intercompany exposure to ensure appropriate economic coverage.

The Group’s US dollar exposure and related hedging instruments at each year end are summarised below, cogether with a sensitivity
analysis showing the impact of a 5% movement in the USD/GBP exchange rate.

Group

20254 2024

US dollar borrowing ($m) (332.0) (281.1)
Investment hedges ($m) 331.7 195.5

Un-hedged US dollar liabilities, net ($m) 03) (85.6)

+/- 5% sensitivity (Em) impact on profit and net assets - = BA)

The nominal value of open trades at the year end date is shown in the table below, along with the aggregate mark-to-market,

Group
2025] 2024
Nominal value of forward trades and swap agreements (£m) . 2731 195.5
Mark-to-market value at year end (£m) “ (26.7) 23

‘Average forward rate (GBP/USD) 1.20] 112



===== page 186 =====
184 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

The profit or loss on the revaluation of the hedging instrument is recognised together with the investment returns in the
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.

A change to foreign exchange rates will impact the fair value of derivative contracts, however an opposing movement will be seen in
the hedged item included in borrowings.

(c) Interest rate risk

The Group's income and operating cash flows are substantially independent of changes in marker interest rates. The USPP and ECP
notes are at a fixed rate of interest. The amounts drawn under the Group’s revolving credit agreements, however, bear interest at a
floating rate that could rise and increase the Group’s interest cost and debr, if drawn.

Ifinterest rates were to change by 1%, the Group's finance expense applied on the borrowings at year end would have increased or
(decreased) by the amounts set out in the table below.

Increase or decrease of 1%

‘The Company has no other significant exposure to interest rate risk.

(d) Credit risk

Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty is unable to meet their contractual obligations in full when due. Potential areas of credit risk
consist of cash and cash equivalents, term deposits (including deposits with banks and financial institutions), short-term receivables,
lease receivables, investments in the CLOs and derivative financial instruments. The Company and the Group have not experienced
any significant defaults in prior periods.

Group exposure
The Group’s exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of each counterparty. Expected credit
losses are calculated on all of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at amortised cost. Factors considered in determining
whether a default has taken place inchude how many days past the due dace a payment is, deterioration in the credit qualicy of a
counterparty, and knowledge of specific events that could influence a counterparty’s ability to pay.

Expected credit losses are not expected to be material and there are no financial assets that are materially impaired.

Cash and cash equivalents

The Group limits its exposure in relation to cash and cash equivalents by only dealing with well-established financial institutions of
high-quality credit standing. At each period end, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents were held with banks that were investment
grade credit quality (BBB or higher),

Investments in CLOs

The Group is required to hold a 5% interest in such vehicles after they are launched under risk retention rules. Each CLO portfolio
typically invests in 70-100 individual loans issued by private equity borrowers. The portfolios are highly diversified by geography,
industry and sponsor. The Group's maximum exposure to loss associated with its interest in the CLOs is limited to the carrying
amounts of the notes held by the Group, which at 31 December 2025 was £170.4m (2024: £99.5m), excluding the exposure of a
non-controlling interest investor.

At 31 December 2025, the Group fully consolidated CLOs 1, 3, IV, V, VI, VII, VIII, IX, X (2024: CLO 1, 3, TV, V, VI, VIL, VIII). The
Group’s interests in each of the consolidated CLOs include interests in subordinated notes which incur the first loss if there is any
default within the portfolio of assets by an individual borrower.

In addition to the subordinated note investments, the Group has investments in the various debt tranches of CLOs 3, V, VI and IX.
The majority of these debt tranche investments have an associated sale and repurchase agreement. Under the sale and repurchase
agreement, the Group is subject to credit risk with the counterparty of £80.2m (2024: £27.7m), however itis holding cash collateral
of £80.2m (2024: £27.7m), reducing the risk.

Investments in private equity, credit and infrastructure funds

‘The Group's investments in private equity, credit and infrastructure funds indirectly expose it to credit risk via loans to investee
entities. The maximum exposure to loss associated with funds is limited to the carrying value at 31 December 2025 which was
£543.2m (2024: £634.3m), excluding the investments of third-party investors.


===== page 187 =====
185 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Trade and other receivables (including lease receivables)

Trade and other receivables are primarily amounts due from funds or amounts due from portfolio companies. The funds are
managed by the Group on behalf of investors, who have made commitments to the funds. Therefore, trade and other receivables
from the funds are collateralised against unfunded investor commitments. These commitments can be drawn at any time. The Group
therefore considers the probability of default to be remote. As such, the Directors consider the Group's credit exposure to trade and
other receivables to be low.

Asa lessor the Group has exposure to payments by lessees. The Group considers there to be a low risk of default due to the credit
quality of the counterparties.

Carried interest receivable
‘The Group’s carried interest receivable represents income expected from relevant CIP or GPs. The Group considers there to be
a remote risk of default on these receivables on the basis that these amounts are due from the funds for reasons set out above
(eg investor commitments).

Company exposure
Potential areas of credit risk for the Company consist of cash and cash equivalents, including deposits with banks and financial
institutions, derivative instruments, term deposits and short-term receivables. The maximum exposure to credit risk at the year end
of these financial assets is their carrying value. The Company seeks to reduce the credit risk relating to cash balances by only dealing
with well-established financial institutions of high-quality standing

(e) Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group or Company will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with its financial
liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. The Group's approach to managing liquidicy is to ensure, as far
as possible, that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed conditions,
without incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Group's reputation.

‘The liquidity outlook is monicored at least monthly by management and is regularly reviewed by the Board.

The timing of the Group’s management fee receipts and operating expendicure are predictable. The timing, amount and profits from
the Group's investments, in and from the funds, are inherently less predictable, however a reasonable period of notice is given to all
investors, including the Group, ahead of drawing of funds.

‘The Group's policy is to maintain sufficient amounts of cash and cash equivalents to meet its commitments at a given date, including
for acquisitions and for refinancing maturing debt.

The Group has a $430.0m USPP which was used to refinance certain ECP debt following the ECP transaction. ECP has its own
private debr placement of $184.0m. The Group also has access to a £250.0m undrawn revolving credit facility which ic uses to
manage liquidity. This was increased to a £400.0m facility in March 2026.

Due to the long-term nature of the Group's assets, the Group seeks to ensure that the maturities of its debt instruments are matched
to free cash generated from the business.

‘The Group's financing arrangements and borrowings are subject to financial covenants. Further detail is included in note 18 (c).

‘The Company has sufficient cash reserves to assist in managing liquidicy. The risk is not considered to be material as the majority of
the balances are held with Group companies.


===== page 188 =====
186 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

The tables below summarise the Group and Company's financial liabilities by the time frame they are contractually due to be settled,
undiscounted and inchading interest payable. This also excludes liabilities which are not financial liabilities (for example, deferred income)

Group
Due within Due between Due within Due more than
year land 2years — 2and S years 5 years ‘Total
Ac 31 December 2025 £m fm =m im £m
Other financial liabilities - 29.2 - 288.2 3174
Derivative financial liabilities 29.9 2.6 1.0 - 33.5
Trade and other payables 85.8 42 41.5 - 131.5
Borrowings (excluding capitalised facility costs) 28.1 798 220.9 262.3 5911
Lease liabilities 16.8 171 49.6 31.0 114.5
Consolidated CLO liabilicies 110.9 174.5 987.9 21088 3,382.1
Consolidated CLO purchases awaiting settlement 203.6 - - : 203.6.
} 4751 3074 1,300.9 2,690.3 —_4,773.7[
Group
Due within Due between Due within Due more than
year Jand 2ycars. ~—-2and 5 years S years Total
At 31 December 2024 £m fm =m im fm
Other financial liabilities - 213 - 138.1 159.4
Derivative financial liabilities 3.6 02 04 - 4.2
Trade and other payables 97.0 10.8 - - 107.8
Borrowings (excluding capitalised facility costs)! 29.8 29.8 306.1 2978 663.5
Lease liabilities 17.0 16.7 43.1 24.5 1013
Consolidated CLO liabilities 120.8 309.1 1,062.6 612.6 2,105.1
Consolidated CLO purchases awaiting settlement 212.7 - - - 2127
480.9 387.9 1,412.2 1,073.0 3,354.0
1. 2024 comparative information has been revised to include undiscounted interest payments within borrowings.
‘Company
‘Due within Due between Due within Due more than
lyear Land 2years 2nd S years S years Total!
At 31 December 2025 =m =m £m im £m
‘Trade and other payables 28.1 - - - 28.1
Company
Due within Due between Due within Due more than
lyear land 2years and S years S years Total
Ac31 December 2024 £m im =m £m im
Trade and other payables 85 - - - 85

22 Capital management

The primary objective of the Group's capital management is to ensure that the Company and its subsidiaries have sufficient capital
both now and in the future, having considered risks in the business and mitigants to those risks, while managing returns to the
Group's shareholders. The Group also manages its capital position to ensure compliance with capital requirements imposed by the
Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) and other regulatory authorities on individual regulated entities.

The Investment Firms Prudential Regime (“IFPR”) applies to Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (“MiF 1D”) investment firms,
collective portfolio management investment firms and regulated and unregulated holding companies of groups that contain one or
more of the aforementioned firms. The Group and certain regulated subsidiaries report to the FCA on own funds and liquid assets.
‘The capital structure comprises cash and cash equivalents, borrowings and the capital and reserves of the Company. Capital and
reserves comprise share capital, share premium, capital contributions, other reserves and retained earnings. These are set out below.


===== page 189 =====
187 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial Statements

During the year the Group and the Company were fully compliant with regulatory capital requirements.

Group
(Restated)
2025; 2024
£m £m
Cash and cash equivalents (for use within the Group) 193.5] 908
Total cash and cash equivalents 193.5 90.8
Share capital 0.1 01
Share premium 445.3 375.1
Capital redemption reserve 0.0 0.0
Share-based payment reserve 71.0 198
Cash flow hedge reserve 13 14.7
Net exchange differences reserve (6.6) 16.6
Retained earnings 484.2 558.7
Equity attributable to owners of the Company 995.3 985.0
Non-controlling interests 192.7 208.1
Total equity 1,188.0{ 1,193.1
23 Deferred tax
Group.
2025 2024
£m £m
Deferred tax assets 95.4 76.5
Deferred tax liabilities (161.6), (121.2)
Net deferred tax liability (66.2)! (44.7)
Other timing Management fee Losses carried
Deferred tax assets differences hedges forward Total
At31 December 2024 23.4 = 53.1 76.5
Credit to other comprehensive income - 02 — = 0.2
Credit to the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss 4.0 - 14.7 el
Ac31 December 2025 274 0.2 67.8 95.44
Management
Other timing Management fee income and Capital
Deferred tax liabilities differences fee hedges investments: allowance Total
Ac31 December 2024 (18.8) (3.5) (97.5) (1.4) (121.2)
(Charge) to other comprehensive income - 3.5 - - 3.5
Credit/(charge) to the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss (1.9) - (43.2) 12 (43.9)
At 31 December 2025 (20.7) =. (140.7) (0.2) (161.6)

Deferred tax liabilities primarily represent a future tax on the Group's management fee income and a timing difference arising on the
remeasurement of the fair value of investments. They unwind as management fees become taxable and investments are realised.

Deferred tax assets primarily relate to tax losses carried forward, to the extent that they can be utilised under relevant tax legislation.

Other timing differences primarily relate to a deferred tax asset on lease liabilities of £23.9m (2024: £20.8m) and a deferred tax
liability on right-of -use assets amounting to £19.2m (2024: £16.6m). These will unwind over the period of the lease.

The Company has no deferred tax assets or liabilities (2024: nil).

‘The deferred tax has been measured using the applicable tax rate expected at the point at which the income or cost wil] become taxable.


===== page 190 =====
188 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

24 Equity
(a) Share capital and premium

Allotted, called up and fully paid shares

Company
2025 2024

No. £| No. £

Ordinary of £0.00005 each 849,336,269 42,467{ 823,930,986 41,197
Deferred of £81 each 500 40,500 500 40,500
Deferred of £1 each 1 1 1 1
Deferred of £0.01 each 1 0:01 1 0.01
Total 849,336,771 82,968 823,931,488 81,698

Share capital represents the number of ordinary shares issued in the capital of the Company multiplied by their nominal value of
£0.00005 each. Share premium substantially represents the aggregate of all amounts that have ever been paid above nominal value
to the Company when it has issued ordinary shares.

The holders of the ordinary shares have the right to receive notice of and to attend and vote at any general meeting of the Company.
The shares have one vote per share on a resolution.

Each ordinary share is eligible for ordinary course dividends and distributions on a liquidation, and is generally entitled to participate
in a recurn of capital, in each case subject co the provisions set out in the Articles of the Company.

Deferred shares have no rights other than the right to receive their nominal value in a liquidation after all other shares have received
£1.0m per share.

(b) Own shares

Own shares are recorded by the Group when ordinary shares are acquired by the Company and they are deducted from
shareholders’ equity. The Company held 171,096 ordinary shares and 501 deferred shares (2024: 171,096 ordinary shares; 501
deferred shares) within retained earnings as at 31 December 2025 at a cost of nil (2024: nil).

(c) Other reserves
The following table provides a breakdown of the reserves that are included in the Group and the Company’s other reserves.

Group ‘Company

2025 2024 2025, 2024

£m =m £m, im

Cash flow hedge reserve 13 14.7 - -
Net exchange differences reserve 6.6) 16.6 - -
Share-based payment reserve 71.0 198 86.0 253
Merger reserve =| -{ 5714 571.4
Capital redemption reserve 0.0 0.0 0.0) 0.0
Total 65.71 S11 6574 5967

i) Cash flow hedge reserve
Hedge reserves consist of the cash flow hedge reserve and the costs of hedging reserve reflecting items such as the change in fair
value related to forward points-basis adjustment. The cash flow hedge reserve is used to recognise the effective portion of gains or
losses on foreign exchange forward contracts that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges, as described in note 21 (b).

ii) Net exchange differences reserve
Other comprehensive income reported in the net exchange differences reserve comprises the net foreign exchange gains and losses
on the translation of foreign operations.

iii) Share-based payment reserve
The share-based payment reserve relates to the accumulated expense from the recognition of equity-settled share-based payments
to employees.


===== page 191 =====
189 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

During the year, a £4.0m (2024: £16.2m) transfer was made becween share-based payment reserve and retained earnings which
related to the full vesting of the LTIP and A3 share award.

iv) Merger reserve
The merger reserve relates to the fair value of shares issued by the Company as part of the restructuring ahead of the Company's IPO
in 2021 at fair value.

v) Capital redemption reserve
On 2 October 2023, the Company announced a buyback programme of up to £50.0m that commenced on 12 October 2023.
During the year, a total of 0.4m ordinary shares within this buyback programme were bought back and cancelled for £1.3m.

On 2 June 2025, the Company announced the reintroduction of a share buyback programme of up to £50.0m. The Buyback
Programme commenced on 2 June 2025 and following announcement in these results, has been extended and is expected to
complete on or before 31 May 2027. During the year, a total of 1.0m ordinary shares within this second buyback programme were
bought back and cancelled for £2.8m.

During the financial year, the Group had a total cash outflow of £4.1m (2024: £9.8m) relating to share buybacks.

(d) Non-controlling interests
Non-controlling interests arise when the Group does not own all of a subsidiary, but the Group retains control. Financial information
for subsidiary entities or groups chat have material non-controlling interests is provided below:

Proportion of economic

‘interest held by Profit/(loss) allocated co. ‘Carrying value of

non-controlling interests non-controlling interests ‘non-controlling interests
(Restated)
2025) 2024 2025, (2024 2025, 2024
Ac31 December % % £m’ fm £m fm
Bridgepoint OP LP 125% 15.0% 10.0 40) 1475 175.3
Bridgepoint European CLO Management| SCSp 318% 31.8% 52 03 45.2 328
i I 15.2] 43 192.7{ 208.1

i) ECP Transaction

The Group completed the acquisition of ECP in 2024. In accordance with the purchase and sale agreement, the ECP vendors
received partnership units which are economically equivalent co the Company's ordinary shares and may be ultimately exchanged
for the shares on a one-for-one basis.

Upon completion, partnership units held by the ECP vendors (other than the Group and its affiliates) represented 18.0% of the total
interests in Bridgepoint OP LP at the acquisition date. The non controlling interest percentage reduced to 15.0% at 31 December
2024 and to 12.5% at 31 December 2025 due to the exchange of a number of the units for Company shares. The Group elected to
measure the non-controlling interests at their proportionate share of the net assets of the combined Group.

‘The non-controlling interests arise in Bridgepoint OP LP, which is the principal holding vehicle for the combined Group's operating
activities, Bridgepoint OP LP holds substantially all of the assets and liabilities of the consolidated Group and, accordingly, the
Group's consolidated statements of financial position profit and loss and cash flows are not materially different from the consolidated
financial information of Bridgepoint OP LP. Accordingly, the Directors consider that the consolidated financial statements provide
the relevant summarised financial information for the subsidiary giving rise to the non-controlling interests

2025,
£m
Summarised financial information attributable to non-controlling interests (ECP transaction)
Profit for the year attributable to non-controlling interests 10.0,
Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to non-controlling interests (4.6)
Dividend equivalents paid to non-controlling interests in the year 13.6}

Dividend equivalents are paid to holders of partnership units on a basis intended to be economically equivalent to dividends on the
Company's ordinary shares. During 2025, a number of partnership units were exchanged for Company shares, reducing the non-
controlling interest percentage to 12.5% at 31 December 2025 (2024: 15.0%). The carrying value in 2024 has been restated to
reflect an adjustment to final working capita, resulting in a £0.3m increase in the non-coneoling incerest held by the BCP vendor.
Further details are set out in note 4.


===== page 192 =====
190 _Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

In February 2026, additional partnership units were exchanged for Company shares, resulting in the non-controlling interest
percentage decreasing to 9.4%.

ii) Disposal of interest in BCLO Credit Investments I $.a rl.

In 2024 a subsidiary of the Company, Bridgepoint Credit Holdings Limited ("BCHL”), entered into a subscription agreement with
Bridgepoint European CLO Management I SCSp (the “Partnership” to subscribe for a limited partnership interest in the
Partnership. The limited partnership interest was issued in consideration for the contribution by BCHL of (i) shares held by it to the
Partnership; and (ji) asset-linked notes to the Partnership. Ar the same time, an external investor also made a commitment to the
Partnership, representing a limited partnership interest of £32.5m or 31.8% with the residual 68.2% owned by the Group.

The transaction is viewed as a partial disposal of a fully owned subsidiary without losing control under IFRS 10. The transfer of the
external investor’s own commitments and BCHL’s asset-linked notes and shares into the Partnership resulted in the non-controlling
interest in the Partnership of 31.8% at 31 December 2025 with a carrying value of £45.2m (2024: 31.8% and £32.8m).

2025
Em

Profit for the year attributable to non-controlling interests "52

Summarised financial information attributable to non-controlling interests (Partnership restructure)

‘Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to non-controlling interests 1 2.0;

Dividends paid to non-controlling interests in the year -

25 Dividends and dividend equivalents

The Company paid a final dividend of 4.6 pence per share, which equated to £38.6m, in May 2025 in respect of the second half of
2024. In addition, £6.7m of dividend equivalents were paid to non-controlling interest holders in May 2025 in respect of the
second half of 2024.

An interim dividend of 4.7 pence per share, which equated to £39.5m, was paid to shareholders in October 2025 in respect of the
first half of 2025. In addition, £6.9m of dividend equivalents were paid to non-controlling interest holders in October 2025 in
respect of the first half of 2025

The Directors have proposed a final dividend of 4.7 pence per share, to be paid in May 2026 to shareholders on the register as at 24
April 2026. This equates to £41.2m, based on the number of shares in issue at 31 December 2025, subject to the share buyback
programme, plus dividend equivalents paid to non-controlling interests estimated to be £5.0m,

2025 2024
Ordinary dividends and dividend equivalents Em ___ Pence per share! Em ___ Pence per share
Proposed final dividends and dividend equivalents 46.2 47 45.3 4.6
Interim dividends and dividend equivalents 46.4 . 4.7 45.2 46



===== page 193 =====
191 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial Statements

26 Cash flow information

(a) Cash generated from operations

Group Company
2025) 2024 2025) 2024
£m £m £m fm
Profit/(loss) before tax 85.7 80.7 754 327.6
Adjustments for:
Dividend income - - (76.7); (325.7)
Share-based payments (exceptional) 60.1 32.4 - -
Share-based payments (non-exceptional) 47 6.2 - -
Management and other fees adjustment (3.0) - - -
Depreciation and amortisation expense 67.9 36.2 - -
Net other finance and other income or expenses 87.0 17.0 (0.2), (4.3)
Carried interest (57.9), (59.1)} - -
Fair value remeasurement of investments (146.8) (38.8) - -
Ner foreign exchange losses/(gains) 3.8 123 15 3.0
(Increase)/decrease in trade and other receivables 10.5 (6.9) (9.2), (5.8)
Increase/(decrease) in trade and other payables 27.6 (67.7) 12.8 (71.7)
Cash generated from operations 139.6 12.3 3.6. (76.9)
(b) Cash outflows from leases
Group
2025, 2024
£m =m
Financing 16.5 18.5
Operating 04 02
Cash outflows from leases i] 16.9] 18.7
‘The Company has nil leases (2024: nil).
(c) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
Netadditions/ Fairvalue Foreign exchange 31 December]
1 January 2025 Cash Flows (disposals) movements ‘movements 2025
£m fm £m im fm £m
Borrowings 485.3 - - - (34.1) 451.2
Fair value of consolidated CLO liabilities 1,696.2 811.0 - (11.9) 92.5 2,587.8
Lease liabilities 87.9 (12.5) 22.2 - (1.0) 96.6
Total 2,269.4 798.5 22.2 (11.9) S74 3,135.6|
Net additions/ Fair value Foreign exchange 31 December
1 January 2024 Cash Flows (disposals) ‘movements movements 2024
fm £m £m m =m Em
Borrowings - 293.3 172.6 - 194 485.3
Fair value of consolidated CLO liabilities 1,152.0 607.7 (11.4) 08 (52.9) 1,696.2
Lease liabilities 816 (18.5) 24.8 - - 87.9
Total 1,233.6 882.5 186.0 08 (33.5) 2,269.4

‘The Company has nil borrowings or lease liabilities (2024: nil).


===== page 194 =====
192 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

27 Related party transactions

(a) Key management compensation
‘The Directors are considered to represent the key management of the Group. The compensation paid or payable to the key
management is set out in the table below, including amounts payable after they ceased co be Directors but continued to be key
management personnel of the Group, where applicable.

Group

2025 2024

=m £m

Salary, bonus and other benefits 5.7| 47
Total 5.7| 47

Further information on the remuneration of the Directors can be found in the Remuneration Reporton page 103.

(b) Directors’ emoluments
‘The Directors of the Company were remunerated by the Group as set out below. The aggregate value of remuneration expenses in
relation to pensions and share-based payments was less chan £0.7m.

Group

2025 2024

£m im

Salary, bonus and other benefits 5.7 5.3
Total 5.7 5.3

(c). Transactions with Directors

In 2025, two Directors of the Company were granted conditional share awards over 455,372 shares, valued at £3.34 per share, with
a total fair value of £1.5m. These awards will vest on 31 March 2028. In 2024, a Director of the Company was granted a
conditional share award over 326,672 shares, valued at £2.60 per share, with a total fair value of £0.9m, vesting on 31 March 2027.

As outlined in the Directors’ Remuneration Policy, Executive Directors’ bonus amounts in excess of 25% of salary are subject to 50%
deferral into shares, which will vest after three years. During the year, 278,020 shares were awarded under this deferral arrangement,
valued at £3.34 per share, with a total fair value of £0.9m (2024: nil), vesting on 31 March 2028.

(d) Carried interest and co-investment

Fund investors expect certain members of the Group’s senior executive management to invest in carried interest and co-investment
in the funds managed by the Group to demonstrate alignment of interest, and as such the Executive Directors of the Company have
made significant personal commitments from their own resources to some of these funds. The funds and relevant CIPs, intermediate
holding companies or GPs (which are entitled to the carry) are not consolidated by the Group but are related parties. The returns (in
the form of investment income and capital appreciation) are fully dependent on the performance of the relevant fund and its
underlying investments.

‘The Directors of the Company at 31 December 2025 have committed amounts from their personal resources across multiple funds
totalling £10.0m (2024: £7.2m).

(e) Transactions with funds
The funds are related parties of the Group. Amounts received as fees, from reimbursement of expenses paid on behalf of, the funds
during the year are shown in the table below, along with the amounts receivable at year end.

Group

2025 2024

£m £m

Amounts received from funds 360.9 3110
Amounts receivable from funds 27.0 318
Amounts paid on behalf of the funds 5.5 20.3



===== page 195 =====
193 _ Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

28 Parent and ultimate controlling party

‘The Company is owned by a number of natural persons and corporate entities, none of whom owns more than 20% of the issued
share capital of the Company. Accordingly, there is no parent entity nor ultimate controlling party.

29 Subsidiaries and interests in other entities

The Group consists of the Company and entities controlled by the Company. This note sets out those subsidiary entities owned by
the Company and that are consolidated, those which are not, and those structured entities which are consolidated in the financial
statements.

‘Company
(om fm
Balance as at J January 13750 1,026.9

5.0} 348.1

Increase in investment in subsidiary and other Group affiliates 5.
OOo} 1,375.0

At 31 December mats:

The additions in 2025 primarily arise from equity settled share awards granted during the year. Further details are set out in note 7.

(a) List of subsidiaries

‘The table below shows details of subsidiaries owned directly or indirectly by the Company as at 31 December 2025 and its
ownership interest in each entity. The registered office of each subsidiary is referenced to a table below the list of subsidiaries. All
subsidiaries operate in the countries where they are registered or incorporated and are stated in the accounts at cost less, where
appropriate, provision for impairment.

‘Company's
proportion
of

Country of ownership

Name of subsidiary, Ref incorporation __ Principal activity Share class interest

101 Investments (GP) Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%

Atlantic GP 1 Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%

Atlantic GP 2 Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%

Atlantic GP LLP 2 UK General Partner N/A -

BBTPS GP Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%

BBTPS FP GP Limited 2 UK General Parmer Ordinary shares 87.5%

BBTPS Nominees Limited 1 UK Nominee company Ordinary shares 87.5%

BCI FP Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%

BCI FP SGP Limited 2 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%

BC GP 1 Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%

BC GP 2 Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%

BCI GP LLP 2 UK General Partner N/A -

BCIIGPLP 2 UK General Partner N/A -

BCI MLP Limited 1 UK Managing Limited Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%

BC MLP UK Limited 1 UK Managing Limited Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%

BC SMA Carry GP Sart. 3. Luxembourg General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%

BC SMA II Carry GP LLP 2 UK General Partner N/A -

BC SMA Il FP Limited 1 UK Limited Parmer Ordinary shares 87.5%

BCLO Credit Investments 1S.ar. 3. Luxembourg CLO management company Ordinary shares 87.5%

BCO II Carry GP LLP 2 UK General Partner N/A -

BCO III Carry GP LLP 2 UK General Partner NA -

BCO IV Carry GP LLP 2 UK General Partner N/A -

BCO IV LORAC Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%

BCO V Carry GP LLP 1 UK General Partner N/A -


===== page 196 =====
194 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

Company's
proportion
of
‘Country of ownership
Name of subsidiary Ref incorporation _ Principal activity Share class interest
BDC GP LP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
BDC Tl (SGP) Limited 2 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
BDC II FP GP Limited 2 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
BDC II GP LP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
BDC II Limited 1 UK Limited Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
BDC II Nominees Limited 1 UK Nominee company Ordinary shares 87.5%
BDC II GP 1 Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
BDC IGP 2 Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
BDC II GP LLP 1 UK General Partner N/A -
BDC III Limited 1 UK Limited Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
BDC III Nominees Limited 1 UK Nominee company Ordinary shares 87.5%
BDC III SFP GP Limited 2 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
BDC IV Nominees Limited 1 UK Nominee company Ordinary shares 87.5%
BDC IV Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
BDC GP 1 Limited 1 -UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
BDCIV GP 2 Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
BDCTV MLP Limited 1 UK Managing Limited Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
BDC IV Finance 1 Limited 1 UK Limited Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
BDC IV Finance GP LLP. 1 UK General Partner N/A -
BDC IV GP LLP. 2 UK General Partner N/A -
BDC IV GPLP. 2 UK General Partner N/A -
BDC IV SFP GP Limited 2 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
BDC V GP LLP 1 UK Genera] Partner N/A -
BDC V MLP Limited 1 UK Managing Limited Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
BDC VGP SCSp 3. Luxembourg General Partner N/A -
BDC VGP 2 Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
BDC V SLP GP Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
BDC Special 1 Limited 2 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
BDC Special 2 Limited 2 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
BDC Special GP LLP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
BDCP Il (Nominees) Limited 1 UK Nominee company Ordinary shares 87.5%
BDCP Ii GP 1 Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
BDCP II GP 2 Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
BDCP Il GP LLP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
BDCP II GP LP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
BDCP TI Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
BDCP Ii MLP Limited 1 UK Managing Limited Parmer Ordinary shares 87.5%
BDCP Il SFP GP Limiced 2 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
BDL I Carry GP LLP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
BDL II Carry GP Sar 3. Luxembourg General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
BDL Ill Carry GP LLP 2 UK General Partner NIA -
BDL III LORAC Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
BEP TV (Nominees) Limited 1 UK Nominee company Ordinary shares 87.5%
BDLIV Carry GP LLP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
BEP TV FP Limited 1 UK Limited Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
BEP IV FP SGP Limited 2 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
BEP TV GP 2 Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%


===== page 197 =====
195 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Company's
proportion
of
Country of ownership
Name of subsidiary Ref incorporation __ Principal activity Share class interest
BEPTV GP LLP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
BEPIVGP LP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
BEP IV MLP Limited 1 UK Managing Limited Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
BEV Germany GP Co Limited 4 Guernsey General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
BEV FP Limited 1 UK Limited Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
BEV GP LLP 1 UK General Partner N/A -
BEV FP SGP L.imiced 2 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
BEV GP 2 Limited 1. UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
BEV GPC Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
BEV MLP Limited 1 UK ‘Managing Limited Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
BEV Nominees Limited 1 UK Nominee company Ordinary shares 87.5%
BEV Nominees II Limited 1 UK Nominee company Ordinary shares 87.5%
BE VIFP Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
BE VI FP SGP Limited 2 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
BE VIGP 2 Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
BE VI GP LLP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
BE VIGP LP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
BE VI MLP Limited 1 UK Managing Limited Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
BE VI Nominees Limited 1 UK Nominee company Ordinary shares 87.5%
BE VI Nominees Il Limited 1 UK Nominee company Ordinary shares 87.5%
BE VI Bridge 1 Nominee Limited 1 UK Nominee company Ordinary shares 87.5%
BE VI Bridge 2 Nominee Limited 1 UK Nominee company Ordinary shares 87.5%
BE VI Bridge 3 Nominee Limited 1 UK Nominee company Ordinary shares 87.5%
BE VII GP SCSp 3. Luxembourg General Partner N/A -
BECM I GP1 Limited 2 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
BG IGP LLP 1 UK General Partner N/A -
BG II Nominees Limited 1 UK Nominee company Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Advisers Singapore Pte, Lid 15 Singapore __-Piivate equity advisory company Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint AB 5 Sweden Private equity advisory company Ordinary shares. 87.5%
Bridgepoint Advantage Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Advantage MLP Limited 1 UK Managing Limited Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Advantage FP Limiced 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Advantage FP SGP Limited 2 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoine Advantage GP 2 Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Advantage GP LLP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
Bridgepoint Advantage GP LP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
Bridgepoint Advantage Nominees Limited 1 UK Nominee company Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Advisers Europe Limited 1 UK Private equity advisory company Ordinary shares. 87.5%
Bridgepoine Advisers Group Limited 1 UK Investment holding company Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoine Advisers Holdings 1 UK Investment holding company Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoine Advisers TI Limited 1 UK Private equity management company Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Advisers Limited 1 UK Private equity management company Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Advisers UK Limited 1 UK Private equity management company Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoine AIV Holdings Corp. 13 United States Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Capital (Doolittle) Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Capital (Nominees) Limited 1 UK Nominee company Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Capital Directorships Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%


===== page 198 =====
196 _Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial Statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

Company's
proportion
of
Country of ownership
Name of subsidiary Ref incorporation Principal activity Share class interest
Bridgepoint Capical General Partner LP 2 UK General Partner N/A 7
Bridgepoint Capital Group Limited Employee Benefit. 1 UK Employee Benefit Trust N/A -
Bridgepoint Capital Scottish GP Limited 2 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Capital Partners Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Credic AD GP Saar. 3. Luxembourg General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Credit Advisers UK Limited 1 UK Credit fund advisory company Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Credic BOCPIF GP S.a rl. 3 Luxembourg General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Credit Carry LP 2 UK Investment holding company N/A 7
Bridgepoint Credit Carry GP LLP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
Bridgepoint Credit CLO GP Sar 3. Luxembourg General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Credit Co-Invest GP Saar. 3. Luxembourg General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Credic Co-investment (French) GP Sarl. 3 Luxembourg General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Credit Empire GP Sar. 3 Luxembourg General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoinc Conseil France SAS 11 France Credit fand management company Ordinary shares. 87.5%
Bridgepoint Credit FSBA GP Sarl 3 Luxembourg General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Credit GP Verwaltungs GmbH 12 Germany General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Credic Holdings Limited 1 UK Investment holding company Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Credit Limited 1 UK Credit fund management company Ordinary shares. 87.5%
Bridgepoint Credit Management Limited 1 UK Credic fund management company Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Credit MSPD GP Sarl. 3. Luxembourg General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Credit MPD GP Sar. 3. Luxembourg General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Credit Nominees Limited 1 UK Nominee company Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Credit Opportunities Il GP Limited 2 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Credit Opportunities il GP LP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
Bridgepoint Credit Opportunities Il GP GmbH & Co. 12 Germany General Partner N/A 7
Bridgepoint Credic Opportunities IIT GP LP 2 UK General Partner N/A 7
Bridgepoint Credic Opportunities III GP Limited 2 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Credic Opportunities IV GP Srl 3 Luxembourg General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Credit Opportunities V GP Sarl. 3. Luxembourg General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Credit Opportunities SICAV GP Sarl. 3 Luxembourg General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Credit Parmers Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Credit PPF GP Sa rl. 3 Luxembourg General Partrier Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Credit PS GP Sar.) 3 Luxembourg General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Credit Services S.a rl 3. Luxembourg Credit fund advisory company Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Debt Funding Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Debt Management Limited 1 UK Financing entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Debt Managers Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Development Capital Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Development Capital V GP Saar 3 Luxembourg General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Development Capital V Limited 1 UK Limited Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Direct Lending E GP Sarl 3. Luxembourg General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Direct Lending Il GP Sa rl 3 Luxembourg General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Direct Lending III GP Saar. 3. Luxembourg General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Direct Lending IV GP S.a rl 3. Luxembourg General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Europe (SGP) Ltd 2 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Europe Ill FP (GP) Limiced 2 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Europe III (GP) Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%


===== page 199 =====
197 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Company's

proportion

of

Country of ownership

‘Name of subsidiary Ref incorporation __ Principal activity Share class interest
Bridgepoinc Europe IIT GP LP 2 UK General Partner N/A 7
Bridgepoint Europe IV (Nominees) 1 Limited 1 UK Nominee entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Europe IV (Nominees) Limited 1 UK Nominee entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Europe IV FP (GP) Limited 2 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Europe IV General Partner LP. 2 UK General Partner N/A 7
Bridgepoinc Europe IV General Partner 'F’ LP. 2. UK General Partner N/A 7
Bridgepoinc Europe Limited 1 UK Limited Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoinc Europe Managerial LLP 1 UK Limited Partner N/A -
Bridgepoint Europe Private Equity (Spain) GP 2 Limited 1 UK Limited Parner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Europe V Finance 1 Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Europe V Finance GP LLP 1. UK Limited Partner N/A 7
Bridgepoint Europe VI Bridge GP LLP 1 UK General Partner N/A 7
Bridgepoint Europe VI Bridge 2 GP LLP 1 UK General Partner N/A -
Bridgepoint Europe V1 Bridge 3 GP LLP 1 UK General Partner N/A 7
Bridgepoint Europe VI Bridge Holding GP LLP 1 UK General Partner N/A 7
Bridgepoint Europe VI Finance 1 Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Europe VI Finance GP LLP 1 UK General Partner N/A 7
Bridgepoint Europe VII (GP) Sarl 3 Luxembourg General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Europe VII FP Limited 1 UK Limiced Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Europe VII FP SGP Limited 2 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoinc Europe VII GP 2 Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Europe Vil GP LLP 1 UK General Partner N/A 7
Bridgepoint Europe Vil Nominees Limited 1 UK Nominee company Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Europe VII MLP Limited 1 UK Managing Limited Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Europe Vill (GP) Sarl. 3 Luxembourg General partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoinc Europe VIII FP Limited 1 UK Limiced Parner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Europe VIII GP 2 Limited 1 UK General partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Europe VIII GP LLP 1 UK General partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Europe VIII MLP Limited 1 UK Limited Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Europe VIII Nominees Limited 1 UK Nominee company Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Finance Limited 1 UK Financing entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Fund Management S.3 r 3 Luxembourg Private equity management company Ordinary Shares 87.5%
Bridgepoinc Generations Aggregator GP S2 rl. 17 Luxembourg General partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Generations GP Sa rl. 17 Luxembourg General partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Generations Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Generations Sub-Aggregatur GP Sarl. 17 Luxembourg General partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint GmbH 6 Germany Private equity advisory company Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint GP2 LLP 2 UK General Partner N/A 7
Bridgepoint Growth I GP LLP 1 UK General Partner N/A -
BDC V Nominees Limited 1 UK Nominee entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Growth Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Group Holdings Limited 1 UK Holding company Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Group Hong Kong Limited 18 China Advisory company Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Growch Nominees Limited 1 UK Nominee company Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Holdco 1 Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Holdings Group Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoine Holdings Limited 1 UK Dormant enticy Ordinary shares 87.5%


===== page 200 =====
198 ~ Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial Statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

Company's

proportion

of

‘Country of ownership

Name of subsidiary Ref incorporation _Principal activity Share dass interest
Bridgepoint Infrastructure Advisers Limited 1 UK Dormant entity (Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Infrastructure Development Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Infrastructure Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Infrastructure GP Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint International Limiced 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Investment Consultants (Shanghai) Co Ltd 8 China Private equiy advisory company Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Management Limited 1 UK Limited Pariner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint ECP ME Limited 19 UAE ‘Advisory company Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Netherlands B.V. 9 Netherlands Private equity advisory company Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint OP GP Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 100.0%
Bridgepoint OP LP 1 UK Investment holding partnership N/A -
Bridgepoinc Partners Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint PC SGP Limited 2 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Preservation Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Private Equity (Spain) FP GP Limited 2 UK General partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Private Equity (Spain) FP Limited 1 UK Limited Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Private Equity (Spain) FP SGP Limited. 2 UK General partner Ordinary shares 87.59%
Bridgepoint Private Equity (Spain) GP LLP 1 UK General partner N/A -
Bridgepoint SAS 7 France Private equity advisory company Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Services France SAS 11 France Private equity advisory company Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoinc Private Equity Group Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Private Equity Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Private Wealth Limited 1 UK Limited Parner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Property Advisers Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Property Development Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoinc Real Estate Advisers Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Real Estate Development Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Real Estate Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Real Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint SA 10. Spain Private equity advisory company Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Services S.a.r1 3 Luxembourg Private equity advisory company Ordinary shares. 87.5%
Bridgepoine Structured Credit Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint UK Holdco Limited 1 UK Investment holding company Ordinary shares 100.0%
Bridgepoint UK Midco Limited 1 UK Investment holding company Ordinary shares. 87.5%
Bridgepoint US Holdings Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint US Holdco Limited 16 United States Investment holding company Ordinary shares 100.0%
Bridgepoint US Holdco 2 Limited 16 United States Investment holding company Ordinary shares 100.0%
Bridgepoint US Finance Limited 1 UK Financing entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint Ventures Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Bridgepoint, LLC 17 United States Private equity advisory company Ordinary shares. 87.5%
Burgundy GP LLP 1 UK General Partner N/A -
Burgundy GP 2 Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
Energy Capital Partners Holdings, LP 13. United States Limited Parmer N/A -
Energy Capital Partners Management, LP 13 United States Limited Parmer N/A -
Energy Capital Partners Management Asia, LLC 13 United States Infrastructure advisory company Ordinary shares 87.5%
GeorgeTown (Nominees) Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Horninghaven Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%



===== page 201 =====
199 Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Company's
proportion
Country of ‘ownership.
Name of subsidiary Ref incorporation __ Principal activity Share class interest
Horningway Limited 1 UK General Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
HPEIIGP LP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
HPE SGP Limited 2 UK General Partner Ordinary sharcs 87.5%
LORAC 5 Limiced 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
LORAC 6 Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
LORAC BC Co-Investment Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
LORAC BC Il Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
LORAC BDC TI Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
LORAC BDC IV Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
LORAC BDC V Limited 1 UK Dormant enti Ordinary shares 87.5%
LORAC BDC Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
LORAC BDCP Il Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
LORAC BEP IV Limited 1 UK Dormant enti Ordinary shares 87.5%
LORAC BE VI Co-investment Limited 1. UK Dormant enti Ordinary shares 87.5%
LORAC BECM I Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
LORAC BG I Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
LORAC BG III Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
LORAC Carry BC SMA II Limited 1. (UK Investment holding company Ordinary shares 87.5%
LORAC Carry BCOIV Limited 1 UK Investment holding company Ordinary shares 87.5%
LORAC Carry BDL III Limited 1 UK Investment holding company Ordinary shares 87.5%
LORAC Carry BCO V Limited 1 UK Limited Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
LORAC Eagle Limited 1 UK Dormant enti Ordinary shares 87.5%
LORAC KITE Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
LORAC (1998) Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
LORAC 3 Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
LORAC 4 Limited 1. UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
LORAC 5991 Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
LORAC BBTPS Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
LORAC BE VII Co-Investment Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
LORAC BE VII Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
LORAC BPC Limied 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
LORAC Carry BDL IV Limited 1 UK Limited Partner Ordinary shares 87.5%
LORAC ECP V Co-Investment Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
New HPE II GP LP 2 UK General Partner N/A -
Opal Investments LP 2 UK Investment holding partnership NA -
PEPCO Services LLP 1 UK Collective purchasing negotiator = N/A -
Quantum US Holding LP 16 United Scates Limited partner N/A -
Ruby Investments (UK) Limited 1. UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Sapphire Investments (Guernsey) Limited 4 Guernsey Investment holding company Ordinary shares 87.5%
Throwtle Nominees Limited 1. UK Nominee company Ordinary shares 87.5%
‘Thompson Trustees Limited 1 UK Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Vigny Advisory 14. France Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Vigny Participation 14. France Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%
Vigny Holding 14 France Dormant entity Ordinary shares 87.5%

Wigeavenmore GP LLP 1. UK General Partner N/A -



===== page 202 =====
200 _ Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial Statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

Registered office

5 Marble Arch, London, W1H 7E], United Kingdom

50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh, EH3 9WJ, Scotland, United Kingdom

6B Rue du Fort Niedergriinewald, Luxembourg, L-2226, Luxembourg

1 Royal Plaza, Royal Avenue, St Peter Port, Guernsey, GY1 2HL, Guernsey

Master Samuelsgatan 1, S-111 44 Stockholm, Sweden

Nextower, Thum-und-Taxis-Platz 6, 60313 Frankfurt, Germany

21 Avenue Kleber, 75116, Paris, France

Unit 2103-05, ONE ICC, No 999 Middle Huaihai Road, Shanghai, Xuhui District, China
Paulus Potterstraat 22A, 1071 DA, Amsterdam, Netherlands

Calle Rafael Calvo, 39A-4° - 28010 Madrid, Spain

21 rue La Pérouse, 75116, Paris, France

C/O Steigmaier Steuerberacungsgesellschaft mbH, Schleissheimer Str. 12, 85221, Dachau, Germany
40 Beechwood Rd, Summit, NJ 07901, USA

21 me La Pérouse, 75017, Paris, France

10 Anson Road, #22-02, International Plaza, Singapore (079903)

251 Little Falls Drive, City of Wilmington 19808, County of New Castle, USA

80 route d’Esch, Luxembourg, Luxembourg, L-1470, Luxembourg

30th Floor, Jardine House, One Connaught Place, Central, Hong Kong

Cloud Suite 402, Level 14, Al Sarab Tower, Abu Dhabi Global Market Square, Al Maryah Island, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates



===== page 203 =====
201

Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial Statements

(b) Entities not consolidated

The table below shows entities that are indirect subsidiaries of the Company, but the Group does not have the power to direct

activities or rights to variable recurns from the entity and they are therefore not consolidated in the financial information.

Proportion of

Country of ownership:

Name of subsidiary Ref ___ incorporation Principal activity Share class interest
Bridgepoint PE Cl Limited n UK Investment holding company Ordinary shares 49.1 %
Sapphire Sub IT A Limited" 4 Guernsey Investment holding company Ordinary shares 100.0 %
Sapphire Sub IT B Limited” 4 Guernsey Investment holding company Ordinary shares 100.0%
Sapphire Sub III A Limiced” 4 Guemsey Investment holding company Ordinary shares 100.0%
Sapphire Sub III B Limited” 4 Guernsey Investment holding company Ordinary shares 100.0 %
Sapphire Sub IIT C Limited* 4 Guernsey Investment holding company Ordinary shares 100.0 %
Sapphire Sub South Limited” 4 Guernsey Investment holding company Ordinary shares __ 25.0%

Entities are in liquidation.

‘The profit or loss for the above entities for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 are not material.

(c) Consolidated structured entities

‘The table below shows details of structured entities that the Group is deemed to control and are consolidated within the financial

statements for the periods referenced.

‘Name of structured entities

Group's

proportion

Country of of ownership

incorporation

interest

Nature of interest

Periods consolidated

BE VI (French) Co-Invest LP
BDC IV (French) Co-Investment LP

BE VII Co-Investment (Feeder) Partnership LP
Bridgepoinc CLO 1 DAC

Bridgepoint CLO 3 DAC

Bridgepoint CLO IV DAC

Bridgepoint CLO V DAC

Bridgepoint CLO VI DAC

Bridgepoint CLO VII DAC

Bridgepoine CLO VIII DAC

Bridgepoine CLO IX DAC

Bridgepoint CLO X DAC

Bridgepoint Generations S.A. SICAV
Bridgepoint Generations Master SCSp SICAV
Bridgepoint Generations Aggregator - I SCSp
Bridgepoint Generations Sub-Aggregator- I SCSp
Bridgepoint uropean CLO Management I SCSp
Opal Investments LP

Maple Tree Vil LP

UK
UK

UK

Ireland
Ireland
Ireland
Ireland
Ireland
Ireland
Ireland
Ireland
Ireland
Luxembourg
Luxembourg
Luxembourg
Luxembourg,
Luxembourg
UK

UK

86.2%
51.9%
50.0%
55.2%
58.8%
749%
66.2%
68.4%
64.6%
658%
50.7%
50.0%
76.8%
76.8%
76.8%
76.8%
68.2%
85.0%
21.7%"

Limited partner
Limited partner

Limited partner

Subordinated note in the residual class
Subordinated note in the residual class
Subordinated note in the residual class
Subordinated note in the residual class
Subordinated note in the residual class
Subordinated note in the residual class
Subordinated note in the residual class
Subordinated note in the residual class
Warehouse entiry

Limited partner

Limited partner

Limited partner

Limited partner

Limited partner

- Limited partner
Limited partner

All periods
All periods
All periods
All periods
Alll periods
All periods
Al periods
All periods
All periods
All periods
2025
2025
2025
2025
2025
2025
Alll periods
All periods
All periods

‘A control assessment of Maple Tree VII LP has been performed in accordance with the Group's accounting policies and concluded that the Group has power and exposure to
variable returns in profic sharing, Asa result, the Group consolidates the vehicle. Under the limited partnership agreement. third-party investors have the right (0 receive a
‘minimum return on drawn commitments, along with a share of residual profits from the partnership.

‘The assets held in some of these consolidated structured entities are restricted to use for the Group. These are primarily:

- The consolidated CLO assets of £2,878.8m (2024: £1,978.2m) and consolidated CLO cash of £138.4m (2024: £69.0m) which
are restricted to settle the associated consolidated CLO liabilities of £2,816.9m (2024: £1,929.5m); and

- Fund investments amounting to £97.1m (2024: nil) and restricted cash of £3.0m (2024: nil) held in scruccured fund vehicles.


===== page 204 =====
202 _Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Financial Statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company

financial statements continued

(d) Associates

Where the Group holds investments in funds, CIP, intermediate holding companies or GPs that give the Group significant influence,
but not control, through participation in financial and operating policy decisions, the Group measures investments in associates at
fair value through profit or loss. Information about the Group's associates measured at fair value is shown below. Where the Group
holds an interest that is greater than 20% the Group is considered to have significant influence, but not control. These investments

are recorded as financial assets or carried interest receivable within the Group Consolidated Statement of Financial Position.

Proportion of

ownership interest/ Income distributions

voting rights held by received from
the Group associate

Country of 2025] 2024

Name of associates Ref _ incorporation Principal activity 2025. 2024 fm £m
BDC Ill SFP LP* 1 UK Investment holding vehicle f 25.0% 25.0% 14.3 39.0
BDC IV SFP LP* 1 UK Investment holding vehicle } 35.0 od 35.0% - -
BDCP II SFP LP* 1 UK Investment holding vehicle} 20.0 4 2008 - -
BEIV FP LP 1 UK Investment holding vehicle | 28.1 281% 20 44
BEP TV SFP LP* 1 UK Investmentholding vehicle] 318% 318%) 4.51 210
BE VI SFP LP* 1 UK Investment holding vehicle | 22.5%] 22.5% + -
BE VI Co-Investment (Feeder) Partnership LP 1 UK Investment holding vehicle] 45.2%] 45.2%} O.8f 06
BE VII Co-Investment Parmership LP 1 UK Investment holding vehicle] 22.4%} 10.2% - -
Bridgepoint Growth ] SFP LP* 1 UK —_Investmentholding vehicle] 35.0%] 35.0% - -
ECP TerraSol GP, LP* 2 USA Investment holding vehicle] 22.5%] n/a - nla
ECP GPIV, LP* 2 USA Investment holding vehicle] 15.0%] 15.0%] 13.7 -
ECP GPV, LP* 2 USA Investment holding vehicle} 13.3%] 13.3%]  °2.7 03
ECP Calpine Fund GP LP* 2 USA Investment holding vehicle] 12.4%] 12.4% - 14
ECP Credit Solutions GP 11 LP* 2 USA Investment holding vehicle | 15.0%} 15.0%] 4.2 07
ECP IV (Liberty Recycling Co-inves), LP* 2 USA Investment holding vehicle] 50.0%} 50.0% - -
ECP FBO Energy Infra, LLC” 2 USA Investment holding vehicle] -%] 15.0%] 0.6, -
ECP Renewables GP, ILP* 2 USA Investment holding vehicle | 15:0%] 15.0% - -
ECP Energy Transition Opportunities GP LP 2 USA ___Investment holding vehicle] 50.0%] 50.0% - -

Only ownership interests relating to carried interest are presented when a vehicle i also entitled to co-investment income as the carried interest is expected to be more

valuable.

1. The partnership's registered address is 50 Lothian Road, Edinburgh, EH3 9WJ, UK
2. The partnership or the company's registered address is 40 Beechwood Rd, Surnmic, NJ 07901, USA

ECP GP TV LP

‘The group has an investment that has a holding of 50% of the limited partner commitments of ECP GP TV LP. Where the Group
holds an interest that is greater than 20%, the Group is considered to have significant influence, but not control. Accordingly, ECP
GP IV LP is considered to be an associate of the Group. Key financial information about the fund is set out in the table below.

7005 2024
£m £m
Investments at fair value 585.2 526.2
Other assets o4 20.1
Total liabilities (0.3) -
Net Assets 585.1 546.3
Profit for the year 106.9. 167.2
Group's carried interest 15.0% 15.0%



===== page 205 =====
203 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

BDC II] SFP LP

Within investments in funds, the Group has an interest of 25:0% in BDC III SFP LP, a partnership that is a co-investor into the BDC
III fund partnerships. Where the Group holds an interest that is greater than 20% the Group is considered to have significant
influence, but not control. Accordingly, BDC III SFP LP is considered to be an associate of the Group. Key financial information
about the fund is set out in the table below.

2025; 2024

Em £m
Investments at fair value 114.8 132.4
Other assets 0.5 52.0
Total liabilities (0.1) (51.0)
Net Assets 115.3 133.3
Profit for the year 57.6 152.0

Group interest 25.0% 25.0%

(e) Subsidiaries not audited
For the year ended 31 December 2025 the following UK subsidiaries were expected to be entitled to exemption from audit under
section 479A of the Companies Act 2006 relating to subsidiary companies:

101 Investments (GP) Limited BDCINGP2Limited BDL! Carry GP LLP Bridgepoint Europe It FP (GP) Limited
Atlantic GP LLP BDC III SFPGP Limited BDL. III Carry GP LLP Bridgepoint Europe IV FP (GP) Limited
Bridgepoint Europe Private Equity
Adantic GP 1 Limited BDCIVMLP Limited — BDL IV Carry GP LLP (Spain) GP 2 Limited
BBTPS FP GP Limited BDCIV SFPGP Limited BE VI FP SGP Limited Bridgepoint Europe V1 Bridge 2 GP LLP
BC GP 2 Limited BDC Special 1 Limited BE VIGP 2 Limiced Bridgepoint Europe VI Bridge 3 GP LLP
BC I! FP SGP Limited BDC Special 2 Limited BE VI MLP Limited Bridgepoint Europe VI Bridge GP LLP
Bridgepoint Europe VI Bridge Holding
BCII MLP Limited BDC Special GPLLP - BECMIGPI Limited GP LLP
BC MLP UK Limiced BDCVGP2Limited  BEPIV FP SGP Limited Bridgepoint Europe VII FP SGP Limited
BCSMAIICaryGPLLP  BDCVMLPLimited — BEPIV GP 2 Limited Bridgepoint Europe VII GP 2 Limited
BCO Il Carry GP LLP BDCVSLP GP Limited BEP TV MLP Limited Bridgepoint Europe VII MLP Limited
BCO I Carry GP LLP BDCPIIGP 1 Limited BEV FP SGP Limited Bridgepoint PC SGP Limited
Bridgepoint Private Equity (Spain) FP
BCO IV Carry GP LLP BDCP GP 2 Limited BEV MLP Limited Limited
Bridgepoinc Private Equity (Spain) FP
BDC Il FP GP Limited BDCPIIMLP Limited Bridgepoint Advantage FP SGP Limited SGP Limited
BDC It Limited BDCP Il SFPGP Limited Bridgepoint Credit Carry GP LLP Burgundy GP LLP

For the year ended 31 December 2025 a subsidiary of the Company, Bridgepoint OP LP, was expected to take exemption under
section 7 of The Partnerships (Accounts) Regulations 2008 (as amended by the Companies and Partnerships Accounts and Audit)
—— RaGillations 20130 7


===== page 206 =====
204 Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Notes to the consolidated and Company
financial statements continued

30 Unconsolidated structured entities

A structured entity is an entity that has been designed so that voting or similar rights are not the dominant factor in deciding who
controls the entity, such as when any voting rights relate to administrative tasks only and the relevant activities are directed by
means of contractual arrangements.

‘The Group has determined that where the Group holds an investment, loan, fee receivable, commitment with an investment fund,
CIP, intermediate holding companies or GPs with a right to carried interest, this represents an interest in a structured entity. Where
the Group does not hold an investment in the scruccured entiy, the Group has determined thar the characteristics of control are not
met, As set out in note 3 (a), CIPs that currently have value are those where the Group is exposed to variable returns of below 50%
with the main beneficiaries of the CIP being the other participants.

‘The disclosure below includes CLO 2 for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, which is not consolidated
in either year, as explained in note 3 (a).

The Group acts in accordance with pre-determined parameters set out in various agreements and the decision-making authority is
well defined, including third-party rights in respect of che investment manager. The agreements include management fees that are
commensurate with the services provided and performance fee arrangements that are industry standard. As such the Group is acting
as agent on behalf of these investors and therefore these entities are not consolidated into the Group's financial statements.

‘The Group's interest in, and exposure to, unconsolidated structured entities, including outstanding management fees, is detailed in
the table below and recognised within crade and other receivables in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position. The carried
interest receivable is included within the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position.

Group
Netasser 7 accrued Group]
‘Value of the Typical value of | Management Carried interest ‘Typical carried maximum)
Group's co- Group +. the funds fees Typical rate Group share interest exposure!
investments” commitment Total investor at recognised by management % —oftcarried receivable _coloss at
atyearend tothefundas commitments yearend the Group _—fee range (where interest. at yearend yearend
at 31 December fm % £bn fbn fm % applicable) % £m Em
2025 "
Generally up
7 to 20% of
Private equity 0.75t0 profits over
funds 682.6 32% 33.9 18.1 241.3 2.00% threshold Up to 35% 644 747.0)
Generally up
to 20% of
0.50to profits over
Credit funds 23.4 2% 8.5 44 69.9 1.75% threshold Up to 35% 2.6 26.0
Generally up
to 20% of
Infrastructure 0.75t0 profits over
funds 150.0 33% 10.3 12.5 112.6 1.50% threshold 12.4-22.5% 819 3119
| 856.0 52.7 35.0 423.8 148.9 773.0)

Investments artributable to third-party investors are excluded.


===== page 207 =====
205 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Financial Statements

Group
Net asset ‘Typical accrued Group
Value of the Typical value of | Management Group carried maximum.
Group's co- Group the funds fees Typical Carried interest share of interest exposure
investments’ commitment Total investor at recognised by management rate carried receivable toloss at
atyearend tothe find as commitments yearend theGroup ‘fee range % interest atyearend year end
at 31 December im % fbn £bn m ‘% (where applicable) % £m £m
2024
Generally up to
Private equity 0.7510 20% of profits Upto
funds 4708 =2% 319 18.2 2388 2.00% overthreshold 35% 490 5198
Generally up to
0.500 20% of profits Upto
Credit funds 129.1 22% 72 44 613 1.75% overthreshold 35% 25 1316
Generally up to
Infrastructure 0.75t0 20% of profits 12-15
funds 140.6 =3% 99 116 33.0 1.50% _ over threshold % 618 2024
740.5 490 342 333.1 113.3 8538

Investments atributable to third-party investors are excluded

31 Events after the reporting period
On 6 February 2026, the Group completed a transaction to add the team from Newbury Partners, a specialist middle market
secondaries investment firm headquartered in Stamford, Connecticut, USA to the Bridgepoint platform.

The addition will be accounted for as a business combination in accordance with IFRS 3.

As control transferred after 31 December 2025, no adjustment in respect of this transaction has been made to the Group’s
consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025, in accordance with IAS 10 “Events after the Reporting
Period” (“IAS 10”).

‘The Group will recognise the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their fair values as at the date of completion in the
consolidated financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2026, together with any goodwill and intangible assets arising in
the transaction.

The initial accounting for the acquisition, including the fair value assessment of acquired intangible assets, working capital, and the
determination of goodwill, is ongoing. As a result, itis not practicable at the date of authorisation of these financial statements to
provide reliable estimates of the fair values of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed or the resulting goodwill, nor the
associated impact on the Group's consolidaced statement of financial position.

‘The addition is expected to contribute to the Group's results from 6 February 2026. Further information, including the final
purchase price allocation and any material acquired intangible assets, will be disclosed in the Group's consolidated financial
statements for the year ending 31 December 2026.

There were no other material events after the reporting date requiring adjustment or disclosure since 31 December 2025.


===== page 208 =====
206 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Other information

Supplementary information

Alternative performance measures (APMs)

This Annual Report includes several measures which are not
defined or recognised under International Financial Reporting
Standards (“IFRS”), including financial and operating measures
relating to the Group such as EBITDA, Underlying EBITDA,
Underlying EBITDA margin, Underlying profit before tax,
Underlying FRE, Underlying FRE margin, PRE, Fee Paying
AUM and Total AUM, all of which the Group considers to be
alternative performance measures (“APMs”). These

are reconciled to the statutory results in the tables below.

These APMs and KPIs are used by the Board and management
to analyse the Group's business and financial performance,
track the Group's progress and help develop long-term strategic
plans, These APMs are presented to provide additional
information to investors and enhance their understanding of the
Group's results and operations. Furthermore, the Board believes
that these APMs are widely used by certain investors, securities
analysts and other interested parties as supplemental measures
of performance and liquidity. However, as these measures are
not determined in accordance with IFRS or any generally
accepted accounting standards, and are chus susceptible to
varying calculations, they may not be comparable to other
similarly titled measures used by other companies and have
limitations as analytical tools. In particular, there are no generally
accepted principles governing the calculation of these measures
and the criteria on which these measures are based can vary
from company to company, which means that other companies
may define and calculate such measures differently from the
Group.

In addition, as the Group is required by IFRS to consolidate
certain Collateralised Loan Obligations (“CLOs”) and other
structured vehicles which are managed by the Group and in
which the Group has an investment, and so the consolidated
statement of financial position includes the assets and liabilities
and the consolidated statement of cash flows includes the gross
cash inflows and outflows for the period for those consolidated
CLOs and other structured fund vehicles.

‘The consolidation of these CLOs and other structured vehicles
could distort how a reader of the financial statements interprets
the profit or loss, balance sheet and cash flows of the Group,
therefore the financial review includes a summarised non-
starutory balance sheet and cash flow statement which exclude
assets and liabilities relating to third-party investors. Such
measures are also APMs. Full versions of these statements along
with a non-statutory profit or loss can be found on pages 207 to
209.

APMs should not be considered in isolation and investors should
not consider such information as alternatives to total operating
income, profit before tax or cash flows from operating activities
calculated in accordance with IFRS, as indications of operating
performance or as measures of the Group's profitability or
liquidity. Such financial information must be considered only

in addition to, and not as a substitute for or superior to, financial
information prepared in accordance with IFRS included
elsewhere in this Annual Report.


===== page 209 =====
207 Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Other information

Non statutory consolidated statement of profit or loss,
excluding exceptional costs and adjusted items

for the year ended 31 December

Unaudited
‘Unaudited | (restaced)
2025, 2024
£m fm
Management and other fees 427.0 336.0
Carried interest 60.0 59.1
Fair value remeasurement of investments 91.6 316
Other operating income 07 10
Total operating income 579.3 427.7
Personnel expenses (206.6) (157.8)
Other operating expenses (67.9) (56.4)
EBITDA 304.8 213.5
Depreciation and amortisation expense (16.6) (16.8)
Finance and other income 43 78
Finance and other expenses (44.2) (36.3)
Profit before tax 248.3 168.2
Tax (29.0), (11.6)
Profit after tax 219.3 156.6
Attributable to:
Equity holders of the parent 209.3, 152.6
Non-controlling interests 10.0 4.0
219.3 156.6

‘This unaudited, non statutory consolidated statement of profit or loss applies all measurement and recognition requirements of UK
adopted IAS and the Group’s accounting policies, except that it excludes exceptional costs and adjusted items that could distort a
reader's interpretation of the Group's profitability. The 2024 comparative information has been revised to present underlying

consolidated profit or loss, excluding exceptional costs and adjusted items.

Further details of these adjustments are set out in the APM section.


===== page 210 =====
208 _Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Other information

Supplementary information continued

Non-statutory consolidated statement of financial position,
excluding interests of third-party investors in consolidated
CLOs and other structured fund vehicles

as at 31 December

= Unaudited
Unaudited! (restated)
2025 2024
£m Em
Assets
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment 95.6 88.3
Goodwill and intangible assets 7119 780.9
Carried interest receivable - 148.9 113.3
Fair value of fund investments 743.5 739.9
Trade and other receivables 124.8: 33.9
Total non-current assets 1,724.7 1,756.3
Current assets
‘Trade and other receivables . 136.6, 150.4
Derivative financial assets 5.1 26.4
Other investments 24.5 -
Cash and cash equivalents 193.5 90.8
Total current assets 359.7 267.6
Total assets 2,084.4: 2,023.9
Liabilities
Non-current liabilities .
‘Trade and other payables 53.5 35.6
Other financial liabilities 71.6 48.8
Borrowings 451.2) 485.3
Lease liabilities * 84.0 74.4
Deferred tax liabilities 66.2 44.7
Total non-current liabilities 726.54 688.8
Current liabilities 7
Trade and other payables . 190.0 157.1
Lease liabilities 12.6) 13.5
Derivative financial liabilities 33.5 42
Total current liabilities 236.11 174.8
Total liabilities 962.6 863.6
Net assets 1,121.8) 1,160.3
Equity .
Share capital 27 O01 01
Share premium 445.2 375.1
Other reserves 65.9) $1.1
Retained earnings 463.1 558.7
Equity attributable to owners of the parent 974.3. 985.0
Non-controlling interests “147.5 175.3
Total equity - "1,121.8 1,160.3

‘The fair value of fund investments includes the Group's own exposures in consolidated CLOs 1, 3, IV, V, VI, Vil VIII, IX and X of £200.3m (2024; CLOs 1, 3, 1V, V, VI, VIT
and Vill of £117.7m) as at 31 December 2025.
This unaudited non-statutory consolidated statement of financial position applies all of che measurement and fecognition
requirements of IFRS and the accounting policies of the Group, except for the requirement to consolidate CLOs and structured fund
vehicles through which third-party investors have invested. Note that CLOs are presented as an investment held at fair value in line
with how they are managed by the Group, rather than being consolidated in accordance with IFRS 10.


===== page 211 =====
209 Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Other information

Non-statutory consolidated cash flow statement, excluding
cash flows relating to consolidated CLOs and structured
fund vehicles attributable to third-party investors

for the year ended 31 December

Unaudited ‘Unaudited
2025, 2024
£m fm
Cash flows from operating activities
Cash generated from operations 175.3 19.1
Tax paid : 3.7), (1.5)
Net cash inflow from operating activities 171.64 17.6
Cash flows from investing activities
Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired (0.6) (162.8)
Receipts from investments 238.6 88.1
Purchase of investments (106.6), (255.8)
(Purchase) / receipt of other investments (24.2) 75
Interest received 3.4 69
Payments for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets (32.3) (29)
Purchase of investments in CLOs (14.3) (46.4)
Net cash flows from investing activities 64.0 (365.4)
Cash flows from financing activities
Dividends and dividend equivalents paid to shareholders of the Company and non-controlling
interests (91.7) (80.1)
Share buyback 4a) (9.8)
Proceeds from partial disposal of subsidiary investments 5.2 32.5,
Proceeds from the issue of US private placement notes - 325.4
Repayment of US private placement notes - (31.8)
Net (distributions) / drawings to / from related party investors : (5.3) 29
Principal elements of lease payments (12.5) (15.4)
Drawings on bank facilities - 189.5
Repayment of bank facilities - (189.5)
Interest paid (26.2), (14.2)
Net cash flows from financing activities (134.6), 209.2
Net increase or (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 101.0 (138.6)
1d cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 90.8 238.8
f exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents. —=Ss—~—s—C—SsSSSCS IT
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 193.54 90.8

This unaudited non-stanutory consolidated statement of cash flows applies all of the measurement and recognition requirements of
IFRS and the accounting policies of the Group, except for the requirement ro consolidate CLOs and structured fund vehicles through
which third-party investors have invested. Cash belonging to consolidated CLOs or structured fund vehicles is not presented in the
opening or closing cash positions in this statement and all cash flows relate only to those of the Group, excluding those cash flows

relating to third-party investors.


===== page 212 =====
210 __Bridgepoint Group -

2025 Annual Report & Accounts Other information

Supplementary information continued

Alternative performance measures (APMs) continued

Total AUM ‘The total value of unrealised assets as of the relevant date (as determined pursuant to the latest
quarterly or semi-annual valuation for each fund conducted by the Group) plus undrawn
commitments to funds managed by the Group.

Total AUM at 31 December 2025 was $94.1 billion (€80.3 billion).
Fee Paying AUM ‘Assets under management for funds upon which fees are charged by the Group, including

separately managed accounts (SMAs), CLOs and continuation funds, but excluding co-investment
vehicles.

Fee Paying AUM is either based on total commitments or on net invested capital
Fee Paying AUM at 31 December 2025 was $45.5 billion (€38.8 billion).

Management fee margin on
Fee Paying AUM

The underlying management fee rate in the Group’s funds, calculated as the weighted average
management fee rate for all funds contributing to Fee Paying AUM as at the end of the accounting
period.

Underlying management and
other income

‘CLO management fees relating to CLOs which are consolidated, that are eliminated and form part
of PRE, are added back to arrive at the underlying management and other income.

2025) 2024
Underlying management and other income £m £m
Management and other fees 416.0{ 329.2
Add: CLO management fee consolidation adjustment 11.0 68
Underlying management and other fees 427.0{ 336.0
Other operating income 0.7 10
Underlying management and other income 427.71 337.0
‘Add: ECP pre-completion management and other income = 67.0
Underlying management and other income 427.7) 404.0

PRE

PRE is calculated by adding the fair value remeasurement of investments to carried interest income
and making adjustments for: (i) the impact of negative returns in the early years of a fund due to
management fee expenses based on the full committed capital of the fund exceeding capital growch
from deployed invested capital (typically known as the ‘J-curve’ and which is considered
temporary); (i) PRE attributable to third-party investors that invest in a structured fund vehicle
under IFRS that is consolidated by the Group due to its level of variable rerurns, as its inclusion
could distort the view of the amount of PRE attributable to shareholders. Related finance costs
payable to third-party investors are also excluded from finance expenses and underlying profit
before tax (2025 and 2024: nil); (ii) PRE related to warehoused fund investments which are
expected to be syndicated to third-party investors; (iv) the CLO management fees reinstated as part
of underlying management and other income, as explained above; and (v) bonuses linked to
investment activities.

2025 2024
PRE Em) fm
Carried interest 60.0 59.1
Add: Fair value remeasurement of investments 153.2 388
Less: CLO management fee consolidation adjustment ((iv) above) (11.0) (68)
Add: PRE adjustments (a total of adjustments (i) and (ti) above) ort (04)
Less: PRE linked bonus ((v) above) a3.sh -
PRE 151.6 90.7
Add: ECP pre-completion PRE - 478
PRE 1516] 1385



===== page 213 =====
211 _ Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Other information

Underlying total operating

income

‘The underlying total operating income is calculated by adding underlying management and other
income and PRE.

2025 2024
Underlying total operating income £m £m
Underlying management and other income 427.7| 337.0
PRE 151.6 90.7
Underlying total operating income 579.3{ 427.7
Add: ECP pre-completion total operating income -| 1148
Underlying total operating income 579.3{ 542.5

EBITDA

Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation. Ic is calculated by reference to total
operating income and deducting from it, or adding to it, as applicable, personnel expenses and
other operating expenses.

Underlying EBITDA

Calculated by excluding exceptional items, certain share scheme expenses, costs incurred in
consolidated special vehicles and PRE adjustments from EBITDA. Exceptional items are items of
income or expense that are material by size and/or nacure and are not considered to be incurred in
the normal course of business

Certain excluded share scheme expenses relate to share-based payment awards that were granted
following the IPO. An explanation of the costs is included in note 9.

Further derail on the PRE adjustments is set out in PRE section.

A breakdown of exceptional items within EBITDA is included within note 9 of the condensed
consolidated financial statements.

2025 2024
Underlying EBITDA Emi £m

EBITDA 242.7 146.2
Add: exceptional items within EBITDA 86.7) '618
Add: certain share scheme expenses 43 59
Add: costs as a result of consolidation under IFRS 10 artriburable to third-
party investors 8.2 -
Add: PRE adjustments 67.1) (04)
Underlying EBITDA 3048] 2135
‘Add: ECP pre-completion EBITDA -| 78s
Underlying EBITDA 304.8{ 2920

Underlying Underlying EBITDA as a percentage of underlying toral operating income

EBITDA margin

FRE Underlying EBITDA less carried interest and income from the fair value remeasurement of

investments and adding back the cost of investment-linked bonuses and costs relating to corporate
development activities.

2025 2024
FRE £m fm
Underlying EBITDA 304.8] 2135
Less: PRE (151.6) (90.7)
‘Add back: expenses excluded from FRE 3.2 18
FRE 156.4 124.6
‘Add: ECP pre-completion FRE a 30.7
FRE 1564] 155.3



===== page 214 =====
212 Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Other information

Supplementary information continued

Alternative performance measures (APMs) continued

FRE margin FRE as a percentage of underlying management and other income.
2025) 2024
FRE margin £m) Em
FRE 1564 | 155.3
Underlying total operating income 579.3. | 542.5
Less: PRE (1516) | (138.5)
Underlying management and other income 427.7 [ 404.0
FRE margin 36.6% 38.4%
FRE margin (excluding catch- FRE (excluding catch-up fees) as a percentage of underlying management and other income
up fees) excluding catch-up fees.
2025) 2024
FRE margin (excluding catch-up fees) =m fm
FRE 1564 f 1553
Less: catch-up fees (5.7) (30.4)
FRE (excluding catch-up fees) 150.7 | 124.9
Underlying management and other income 427.7'{ 404.0
Less: catch-up fees G04)
Underlying management and other income (excluding catch-up fees) _} ; 373.6
FRE margin (excluding catch-up fees) 135.7% 33.4%

Underlying profit before tax

Calculated by excluding exceptional items, certain share scheme expenses, costs incurred in
consolidated structured fund vehicles, the amortisation of acquisition-related intangible assets and

PRE adjustments from within profit before income tax.

2025) 2024
Underlying profic before tax £m £m
Profit before tax 85.7 80.7
Add: exceptional items within EBITDA 86.7 618
Add: amortisation of acquisition-related intangible assets 48.3 19.4
Add: certain share scheme expenses 43 59
Add: PRE adjustments (37.1) (0.4)
Add: exceptional net finance and other expenses due to the ECP
transaction 30.7 0.8
Add: adjusted net finance and other expenses attributable to third-party
investors 21.5 -
Add: costs as a result of consolidation under IFRS 10 ~ 82 -
Underlying profit before tax | 248.3 | 1682
Add: ECP pre-completion profit before tax 7 69.3
Underlying profit before tax 248.3 | 237.5
EX gain/(loss) (3.2) (12.3)
Underlying profit before tax (excluding FX) 251.5 4 2498

Underlying profic
before tax margin

Underlying profit before tax as a percentage of underlying total operating income.

Underlying profit
after tax margin

Underlying profit after tax as a percentage of underlying total operating income.



===== page 215 =====
213 _ Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Other it

information

Underlying basic and diluted Calculated by dividing underlying profit after tax inclusive of non-controlling interests by
weighted average and diluted weighted average number of shares at year end.

earnings per share

2025, 2024
‘Underlying basic and diluted EPS £m £m
Profit after tax 56.7 69.1
Add: exceptional items within EBITDA 86.7 618
Add: amortisation of acquisition-related intangible assets 48.3 19.4
Add: certain share scheme expenses 43 59
Add: PRE adjustments 7.1) (0.4)
‘Add: exceptional net finance and other expenses due to the ECP
transaction 30.7 08
Add: adjusted net finance and other expenses attributable to third-party
investors 21.5 -
Underlying profit after tax 219.3 1566
Weighted average number of ordinary shares for purposes of basic
and diluted EPS (m) 826.9] 805.1
Effect of dilutive potential ordinary share conversion (m)"* 26.54 206.6
Number of ordinary shares for the purposes of diluted earnings per
share (m)** 853.4] 1,011.7
Underlying basic EPS (pence) 26.5 19.5
Underlying diluted EPS (pence) 25.7 15.5

Cash conversion ratio

Calculated by taking cash generated from operations, excluding exceptional and adjusted items,

and adding back cash flows from consolidated structured fund vehicles attril

ibucable to third-party

investors, capitalised acquisition costs and consolidated CLO management fees, and dividing the

subrotal by FRE.
2025, 2024
Cash conversion ratio £m Em
Cash generated from operations 139.6 123
‘Add: ECP pre-completion cash generated from operations - 25.0
‘Add back: exceptional and adjusted items within cash: fiom operations .18.2-{ 100.1
Add back: consolidated CLO management fees and interest income 318 68
Add back: cash flows from consolidated fund vehicles attributable to third-
party investors 4.0 -
Add back: capitalised acquisition costs - 14.9
Adjusted cash generated from operations 193.6 159.1
FRE 156.4 155.3
Cash conversion ratio 123.8% 102.5%
Non-current assets (excluding Calculated by excluding non-current assets of consolidated CLOs and other structured fund
consolidated CLO assets and _ vehicles attributable to third-party investors from total non-current assets as defined by IFRS and
investments attributable to adding back the investment into CLOs on a non-consolidated basis.
third-party investors) (Restated)
Non-current assets (excluding consolidated CLO assets and investments attributable to 2025, 2024
third-party investors) £m Em
Total non-current assets 1,834.8 | 1,782.0
Less: investments attributable to third-party investors (310.4) } (143.4)
Add: investment in CLOs on a non-consolidated basis 200.3 117.7
Non-current assets (excluding consolidated CLO assets and investments .
attributable to third-party investors) 1,724.7_| 1,756.3



===== page 216 =====
214 __ Bridgepoint Group - 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Other information

Supplementary information continued

Alternative performance measures (APMs) continued

Current assets (excluding Calculated by excluding current assets of consolidated CLOs and structured fund vehicles
third-party CLO assets and _ attributable to third-party investors from total current assets as defined by IFRS.

assets attributable to third- 7

party investors)

=<] (Restated)
, 2025 2024

Currenc assets (excluding consolidated CLO assets and assets attributable to third-party investors) J * 7." Em! Em

‘Total current assets 3,381.8 -'} 2,314.8

Less: consolidate CLO assets and assets attributable to third-party investors |(2,880.7) 4 (1,978.2)
Less: consolidate CLO cash and cash attributable to third-party investors (141.4) (69.0)
Current assets (excluding consolidated CLO assets and assets

attributable to third-party investors) . 359.7. 267.6
Non-current liabilities Calculated by excluding non-current liabilities of consolidated CLOs and structured fund vehicles
(excluding consolidated CLO attributable to third-party investors from total non-current liabilities as defined by IFRS.
liabilities and liabilities Non-current liabilities (excluding consolidated CLO liabilities and liabilities atcributable to - 2025, 2024
attributable to third-party third-party investors) £m £m
investors) Total non-current liabilities 3,560.1 “| 2,495.6
Less; liabilities held by third-party investors (245.8) } (110.6)
Less: fair value of consolidated CLO liabilities (2,587.8) 4 (1,696.2)
Non-current liabilities (excluding consolidated CLO liabilities and :
liabilities attributable to third-party investors) “726.5 688.8

Calculated by excluding current liabilities of consolidated CLOs and structured fund vehicles
consolidated CLO liabilities attributable to third-party investors from total current liabilities as defined by IFRS.

and liabilities attributable to Current liabilities (excluding consolidated CLO liabilities and liabilities attributable to third-party ~ 2025, 2024

third-party investors) investors) Em! £m
Total current liabilities 468.5 {408.1
Less: consolidated CLO liabilities and liabilities attributable to third-party we
investors 2 (28.8) (20.6)
Less: consolidated CLO purchases awaiting settlement (203.6). | (212.7)
Current liabilities (excluding consolidated CLO liabilities and liabilities a
attributable to third-party investors) 236.14 1748

Comparative information for the year ended 31 December 2024 assumes that the acquisition of ECP completed on } January 2024,

* The number of ordinary shares for the purpose of dilutive carnings per share excludes a further 135.9 million OP units and up to a maximum of 55.0 million units which are
subject to earn-out arising from the ECP acquisition and which could be exchanged for Company shares. Had these additional units been included, underlying earnings per
share on fully dilured basis would have been 21 pence.


===== page 217 =====
215

Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Other information

Corporate website

‘The Company's website at www bridgepointgroup.com contains
various information which may be useful to shareholders,

including the current share price and press releases. It is possible
to sign up on the website to receive email alerts for press releases.

Shareview

Equiniti is che Company’s share registrar www.shareview.co.uk
is Equinit’s free, self-service website where shareholders can
manage their interests online.

Use the QR code

to register for FREE
at www.shareview.co.uk

The website enables shareholders to:

- view share balances;

~ change address derails;

- view payment and tax information;

~ update payment instructions; and

~ update communication instructions.

Shareholders can register their email address at
www.shareview.co.uk to be notified electronically of events such
as AGMs, and can receive shareholder communications such as
the Annual Report and the Notice of Meeting online.

Enquiries and notifications concerning dividends, share
certificates or transfers and address changes should be sent to the
registrar.

Registered office and principal place

of business

Bridgepoint Group plc
5 Marble Arch
London, W1H 7E]

Telephone: +44 (0) 20 7034 3500

Registered in England and Wales
Company No. 11443992

Corporate brokers

BNP Paribas
10 Harewood Avenue
London, NW1 6AA

J.P. Morgan Cazenove
25 Bank Screet

Canary Wharf
London, E14 5JP

Morgan Stanley
25 Cabot Square
Canary Wharf
London, E14 4QA

Auditor

Forvis Mazars LLP
30 Old Bailey
London, EC4M 7AU

Registrar
Equiniti Limited
Aspect House

Spencer Road
Lancing, West Sussex, BN99 6DA

Financial calendar

Ex-dividend date 23 April 2026
Record date 24 April 2026
Annual General Meeting 12 May 2026
Payment date for dividend 21 May 2026
Half-year results 17 July 2026



===== page 218 =====
216 Bridgepoint Group — 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Other information

Glossary

Annual Report

this annual report and accounts;

APM alternative performance measure;

Articles the Articles of Association of the Company;

AUM assets under management,

Board the Board of Directors of the Company;

ccU cash generating unit;

CEG Constellation Energy Corporation;

CLO collateralised loan obligations;

Companies Act 2006 the UK Companies Act 2006, as amended from time to time;
Company Bridgepoint Group ple;

Corporate Governance Code

the UK Corporate Governance Code published in January 2024 by the Financial Reporting

Council, as amended from time to time;

DACH the countries of Germany, Austria and Switzerland;

EBITDA earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation;

EPS earnings per share;

ESSG environmental, social, security and governance;

evergreen fund an open ended investment vehicle with no fixed end date, allowing ongoing investment,
reinvestment, and periodic liquidity for investors;

FCA the Financial Conduct Authority;

FRC Financial Reporting Council;

FRE fee related earnings;

Group or Bridgepoint Group

the Company and each of its direct and indirect subsidiaries;

IFRS

Tnternational Financial Reporting Standards;

IPO the initial public offering of the Company's ordinary shares,

KPI key performance indicator;

PCAF Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials;

PRE performance related earnings;

SFDR Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation;

SMID Cap small and medium capitalisation companies,

subsidiary has the meaning given to it in the Companies Act 2006;

TCFD Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures;

UN PRI United Nations Principles for Responsible Investment and,

USPP US private placement notes issued by the Group with $430million of aggregate principal

amount

