

===== page 1 =====
FILE COPY

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF A PRIVATE LIMITED COMPANY

Company No. 4156972

The Registrar of Companies for England and Wales hereby certifies that

JPSB LIMITED

is this day incorporated under the Companies Act 1985 as a private

company and that the company is limited.

Given at Companies House, Cardiff, the 8th February 2001

WLLL

*N04156972L*

‘THE OFFICIAL SEAL OF THE
REGISTRAR OF COMPANIES

Companies House

—— for the record. ——
HCOO7B

TT]


===== page 2 =====
- © Please print name.

@

Companies House
co fariencod ———~

Please complete in typescript,
or in bold black capitals.

CHWP000

Company Name in full

of

+ Please delete as appropriate.

Declarant’s signature

Declared at

On

before me ®

Signed

Please give the name, address,
telephone number and, if available,
a OX number and Exchange of
the person Companies House should
contact if there is any query.

Declaration on application for registration

wese

LIMITED

ADRIAN JULIAN MANDEL, signing on behalf of QA Registrars Limited
The Studio, St. Nicholas Close, Elstree, Herts. WD6 3EW

do sclemnly and sincerely declare that | am a t [Setetemengagerimihe-

i {person named as director or secretary of the
company in the statement delivered to the Registrar under section 10 of the
Companies Act 1985] and that all the requirements of the Companies Act
4985 in respect of the registration of the above company and of matters
precedent and incidental to it have been comptied with.

And | make this solemn Declaration conscientiously believing the same to
be true and by spite of the Statutory Declarations Act 1835.

Lip LN |
i Ae smnos Grove, Southgate, London N14 7AS
Day Month Year
OFF |S, AY2,0/0 1

Jennifer Brown

CEU RQ

A Commissioner for Oaths or Notary Public or Justice of the Peace or Solicitor

Tel

OX number DX exchange

nag TATSPACRM
COMPANIES HOUSE

When you have completed and signed the form please send it to the
Registrar of Companies at:

1g@| Companies House, Crown Way, Cardiff, CF14 3UZ DX 33050 Cardiff

for companies registered in England and Wales
or

Companies House, 37 Castile Terrace, Edinburgh, EH1 2EB
for companies registered in Scotland DX 235 Edinburgh



===== page 3 =====
@

COMPANIES HOUSE

Please complete in typescript, First directors and secretary and intended situation of
or In bold black capitals. registered office

Notes on compietion appear on final page

Company Name in full | a" exe

a Cai

Proposed Registered Office | The Studio
(PO Box numbers only, are not acceptable)

St Nicholas Close ¢

Posttown | Elstree, Borehamwood

County/ Region | yerts Postcode | WD6 3EW
if the memorandum is delivered by an agent

for the subscriber(s) of the memorandum x

mark the box opposite and give the agent's

name and address,

Agent's Name Quick Access Formations ple

Address The Studio

St Nicholas Close

Post town | Elstree, Borehamwood

County / Region Herts Postcode | WD6 3EW

Number of continuation sheets attached

Piease give the name, address, . :
telephone number and, if available, Quick Access Formations
a DX number and Exchange of

the person Companies House should address as above

contact if there is any query. Tel 0181 207 5855

DX number DX exchange

When you have completed and.signed the form please send it to the
' Registrar of Companies at:
WATSPSKZUE a | Companies House, Crown Way, Cardiff, CF43UZ DX 33050 carditt
COMPANIES HOUSE paz for companies registered in England and Wales

L or
Form revised March 1995 Companies House, 37 Castle Terrace, Edinburgh, EH1 2EB

for companies registered in Scotland - : DX 235 Edinburgh

——————————————— LMM |


===== page 4 =====
Company Secretary (see notes 1-5)

* Company name

NAME = *Style/ Title
* Voluntary details Forename(s)
Sumame
Previous forename(s)
Previous surname(s)
Address
Usual residential address
For a corporation, give the
ragistered or principal office
address. Post town
County / Region
Country

Consent signature

Directors (sce notes 1-5)
Please list directors in alphabeticat order

NAME “Style / Title
Forename(s)

Surname

Previous forename(s)

Previous surname(s)

Address

Usual residential address
For.a corporation, give the
registered or principal office
address.

Post town
County / Region

Country

Date of birth
Business occupation

Other directorships

Consent signature

*Honours etc

QA Registrars Limited

The Studio

St Nicholas Close

Elstree, Borehamwood

Herts Postcode WD6 3EW

| conse to act as secretary of the company named on page 1

dO dong lrodon Date

egistrars Limited

“Honours etc

QA Nominees Limited

[ The Studio

St Nicholas Close

Elstree, Bexrehamwood

Herts Postcode | WD6 3EW

Day Month Year

Nationality

| |

| consent to act as director of the company named on page 1

WAS es QA Date a

Nominees Limited



===== page 5 =====
Directors

(continued) (see notes 1-5)
NAME *Style / Title *Honours etc
* Voluntary details Forename(s)
Surname
Previous forename(s)
Previous surname(s)
Address
Usual residential address
For a corporation, give the
registered or principal office
address. Post town
County / Region Postcode
Country
Day Month Year
Date of birth | [ Nationality

Business occupation |

Other directorships

I consent to act as director of the company named on page 1

Consent signature Date
This section must be signed by :
Either .
anagenton behalf signed f. Date aes
of all subscribers $ Qimebac rhcm bite
Or the subscribers Signed Date
(ie those who signed 7
as members onthe Signed | Date
memorandum of
association). Signed Date
_ L
Signed Date
Signed Date
Signed Date



===== page 6 =====
Notes

14, Show for an individual the full
torename(s) NOT INITIALS and
surname together with any
previous forename(s) or
surname(s).

If the director or secretary is a
corporation or Scottish firm -
show the corporate or firm name
on the surname line.

Give.previous forename(s) or
summame(s) except that:

- for a married woman, the
name by which she was
known before matriage need
not be given,

- Names not used since the age
of 18 or for at feast 20 years
need not be given.

A peer, or an individual known by
a title, may state the title instead
of or in addition to the
forename(s) and surname and
need not give the name by which
that person was known before he
or she adopted the title or
succeeded to it.

Address;

Give the usual residential
address.

in the case of a corporation or
Scottish firm give the registered
or principal office.

Subscribers:

The form must be signed
personally either by the
subscriber(s) or by a person or
persons authorised to sign on
behatt of the subscriber(s).

2. Directors known by another
description:

- A director includes any person
who occupies that position even
if called by a different name, for
example, governor, member of
council,

3. Directors details:

~ Show for each individual
director the directors date of
birth, business occupation and
nationality.
The date of birth must be
given for every individual
director.

4. Other directorships:

- Give the name of every
company of which the person
concerned is a director or has
been a director at any time in
the past 5 years. You may
exclude a company which either
is or at all times during the
past 5 years, when the person
was a director, was:

- dormant,

- a parent company which wholly
owned the company making the
return,

- a wholly owned subsidiary of
the company making the
return, or

- another wholly owned
subsidiary of the same parent
company.

if there is insufficient space on the
form for other directorships you
may use a separate sheet of paper,
which should include the
company’s number and the full
name of the director.

5. Use Form 10 continuation sheets
or photocopies of page 2 to
provide details of joint secretaries
or additional directors and include
the company’s number.



===== page 7 =====
40 pe 22744

The Companies Acts 1985 to 1989 !
COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES

MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION

OF

|
ay JPSB LIMITED agg MATEPLXZHE ehh
COMPANIES HOUSE

1. The name of the Company is "JPSB Limited".

The registered office of the Company will be situated in England.

The objects for which the Company is established are:-

(a) To carry on all or any of the businesses of computer consultants,
specialists and engineers, and to cover all aspects of electronics,
electronic engineers, and writers, designers, devisers, organisers,
marketers and dealers in computer systems and computer software, and
of computer programmers and consultants in relation to the use of
computers and data processing, to carry on all or any of the
businesses of manufacturers, buyers, sellers, importers, exporters,
maintainers, installers, hirers, letters on hire of, distributors and
agents for the sale of, dealers in, and trainers in the use of
computer hardware, computer products, software, equipment, stationery,
print ribbons, programmes, data processing supplies, equipment, and
furniture, photocopiers, office and commercial machines and all allied
and associated supplies and services; to provide services and to
operate a computer bureau and generally to assist other firms or
companies in the direction and carrying on of the business of such
firms or companies, and to carry on the business of management,
personnel, industrial and business consultants, advisers, and to
advise upon the means and methods for developing and improving all
types of business or industries and all systems or processes relating
to the production, storage, distribution, marketing and sale of goods
and to the rendering of services; to carry out, undertake, organise
and to provide facilities for scientific and technical research and to
undertake experimental work with prototypes, instruments, appliances,
apparatus, metals and materials and to obtain rights of development,
manufacture and sale in respect thereof; to provide specialised
training and preparation in relation to all or any of the
aforementioned business; and to purchase or otherwise acquire and take
over any business or undertakings as and when may be deemed expedient,
or to become interested in, and te carry on or dispose of, remove or

put an end to the same or otherwise deal with any such businesses, and
to act as merchants generally.

(b) To deal generally with goods, products and materials of every
description required for any business carried on by the Company acting
as distributors, dealers, wholesalers, retailers, or otherwise, and to
assemble, process, buy, sell, exchange, hire, hire out, repair,
service, maintain, alter, improve, manipulate, prepare for market and
otherwise deal with them; to demonstrate, contract, advertise,
finance, insure and underwrite in relation thereto, and to do all or
any of the above acting as principals, agents, brokers, contractors,

trustees, appointees, lessors, lessees or otherwise either in the
United Kingdom or elsewhere.



===== page 8 =====
(c) To carry on any other business of any description which may seem to
the Company capable of being advantageously carried on in connection
with or ancillary to the objects of the Company or calculated directly
or indirectly to enhance their value or render them more profitable.

(a) To purchase, sell, exchange, improve, mortgage, charge, rent, let
on lease, hire, surrender, license, accept surrenders of, and otherwise
acquire and deal with any freehold, leasehold or other property,
chattels and effects, erect, pull down, repair, alter, develop or

otherwise deal with any building or buildings and adapt the same for the
purposes of the Company's business.

(e) To purchase or otherwise acquire all or any part of the business or
assets of any person, firm or Company, carrying on or formed to carry on
any business which this Company is authorised to carry on or

possessed of property suitable to the purposes of this Company, and to
pay cash or to issue any shares, stocks, debentures or debenture stock
of this Company as the consideration for such purchase or acquisition
and to undertake any liabilities or obligations relating to the business
or property so purchased or acquired.

(f) To conjoin with any person or body for the purpose of carrying on
any business or transaction within the objects of the company and to
enter into such arrangements for co-operation, sharing profits, losses,
mutual assistance,or other working arrangements as may seem desirable.

(g) To apply for, purchase or otherwise acquire any patents, licences
or concessions which may be capable of being dealt with by the Company,

or be deemed to benefit the Company and to sell, license, lease or grant
rights thereto.

Ch) To ‘sell, let, license, develop or otherwise deal with the
undertaking, or all or any part of the property assets or rights of the
Company upon such terms as the Company may approve, with power to accept

shares, debentures or securities of, or interests in, or guarantees by,
any other Company.

(i) To invest and deal with the moneys of the Company not immediately
required for the purposes of the Company in such shares or upon such
securities and subject to such conditions as may seem expedient.

(j) To lend and advance money, give credit or guarantees, act as surety
to such persons, firms or Companies, upon such terms and with or without
security and subject to such conditions as may seem desirable.

(K) To guarantee the payment of any debentures, debenture stock, bonds,
mortgages, charges, obligations, interest, dividends, securities, moneys
or shares or the performance of contracts or engagements of any other
Company or person and to give indemnities and guarantees of all kinds
and to enter into partnership or any joint purse arrangement with any

person, persons, firm or Company, having for its objects similar objects
to those of this Company or any of them.

(1) To borrow or raise money in such manner as the Company shall think
fit, the borrowing powers of the Company te be unlimited, and in
particular, by the issue of debentures or debenture stock, charged upon
all or any of the Company's property, both present and future, including

its uncalled capital, and to re-issue any debentures at any timé” paid
oS: .

(m) To draw, make, accept, endorse, discount,
promissory notes, bills of exchange, debentures,
negotiable documents.

execute and issue
warrants, and other

at


===== page 9 =====
(n) To purchase, subscribe for, or otherwise acquire and hold shares,

stocks or other interests in, or obligations of any other Company or
-corporation.

(0) To remunerate any person firm or Company for services rendered or
to be rendered in placing or assisting to place any of the shares in
the Company's capital or any debentures, debenture stock or other
securities of the Company or in or about the formation or promotion of
the Company or the conduct of its business.

{Pp} To pay out of the funds of the Company all costs and expenses of
or incidental to the formation and registration of the Company and the
issue of its capital and debentures including brokerage and commission.

(gq) To promote or aid in the promotion of any Company or Companies for
the purpose of acquiring all or any of the property rights and
liabilities of this Company or for any other purpose which may seem

directly or indirectly calculated to advance the interests of this
Company.

{x} To make payments towards insurance and to support and subseribe to
any charitable or public object and any institution, society, club or
association which may in any way benefit the Company or its employees
and to give pensions, gratuities or charitable aid or to establish and
support or assist in the establishment and support of funds and trusts
calculated to benefit directors or ex-directors, employees or

ex-employees of ‘the Company or their wives, children or other relatives
or dependants.

(Ss) To remunerate the Directors of the company in any manner the
Company may think fit.

(t) To aid, financially or otherwise, any association or body having
for an object the promotion of trade or industry.

(u) To act as or through trustees, agents, secretaries, managers,
brokers or sub-contractors, and to perform the duties of any office
undertaken by the Company.

{v) To procure the Company to be registered or recognised in any -

overseas country or place, and to exercise any of the objects or powers
aforesaid in any part of the world.

(w) To distribute any property of the Company in specie among the
members.

(x) To do all such other things as are incidental or conducive to the
attainment of the above objects or any of them.

It is hereby expressly declared that the foregoing sub-clauses shall be
construed independently of each other and none of the objects therein
mentioned shall be deemed to be merely subsidiary to the objects
contained in any other sub-clauses.

4, The liability of the members is limited.

5. The Share Capital of the Company is £1,000 divided into 1,000
Ordinary Shares of £1 each, with power to increase or to divide the
shares in the capital for the time being, into different classes having
such rights, privileges and advantages as to.voting and otherwise, as
the Articles of Association may from time to time prescribe.


===== page 10 =====
We,

the Subscribers to this Memorandum of Association, wish to bé
formed into a Company pursuant to this Memorandum; and we agree to
take the number of Shares shown opposite our respective names.

Names and Addresses of Subscribers

Number of Shares taken
by each Subscriber

sorh hn &. of

QA NOMINEES LIMITED
THE STUDIO

ST NICHOLAS CLOSE
ELSTREE

HERTS

WD6 3EW

for and on behalf of
QA REGISTRARS LIMITED
THE STUDIO

ST NICHOLAS CLOSE
ELSTREE

HERTS

WD6 JEW

ONE

ONE

parep [7

‘

WITNESS to the above signatures:-

fomela © “hele

for and on behalf of

QUICK ACCESS FORMATIONS PLC
THE STUDIO

ST NICHOLAS CLOSE

ELSTREE

HERTS

WD6 3EW


===== page 11 =====
The Companies Acts 1985 to 1989
COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES

ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

OF

PSB LIMITED

PRELIMINARY

1. The Regulations contained in Table A in the Schedule to the
Companies (Table A to F) Regulations 1985 as amended by the
Companies (Table A to F) (Amendment) Regulations 1985 (such table
being hereinafter called ‘Table A') shall apply to the Company
save in so far as they are excluded or varied hereby and such
Regulations (save as so excluded or varied) and the Articles
hereinafter contained shall be the regulations of the Company.

2. The Company is a private company and shall not offer to the
public (whether for cash or otherwise) any shares in or debentures
of the Company, or allot or agree to allot (whether for cash or
otherwise) any shares in or debentures of the Company with a view

to all or any of those shares or debentures being offered for sale
to the public.

3. In these articles the expression "the Act" means the Companies
Act 1985, but also any reference in these articles to any
provisions of the Act shall be deemed to include reference to any

statutory modification or re-enactment of the Act for the time
being in force.

ALLOTMENT OF SHARES

4. The shares of the Company shall be under the control of the
Directors who may allot, grant options over, or otherwise deal
with or dispose of any relevant securities (subject to Section 80

of the Act) to such persons, on such terms and in such manner as
they think fit.

5. All relevant securities of the Company from time to time
unissued shall come under the general authority and powers
conferred by Article hereof and the directors may further exercise
any power of the Company to convert securities into shares of the
Company up to the amount of the authorised share capital with
which the Company is incorporated at any time or times for a
period of not more than five years form the date of incorporation
of the Company. The authority hereby given may at any, time
(subject to the said Section 80) be renewed, revoked or varied by
the Ordinary Resolution of the Company in General Meeting (but not
for more than five years at a time) and the Directors under the
general authority shall be entitled to make at any time before the
expiry of such authority any offer or agreement which will or may

require securities to be allotted after the expiry of such
authority.

5


===== page 12 =====
6. Any shares which are not in the original authorised share
Capital with which the Company is incorporated and where the
Directors propose to issue shall first be offered to the Members
in proportion as nearly as may be to the number of the existing
shares held by them respectively unless the Company in Genera

Meeting shall by Special Resolution otherwise direct. The offer
shall be made by notice specifying the number of shares offered,
and limiting a period (not being less than fourteen days) within
which the offer, if not accepted, will be deemed to be declined.
After the expiration of that period, those shares so deemed to be
declined shall be offered in the proportion aforesaid to the
persons who have, within the said period, accepted all the shares
offered to them; such further offer shall be made in like terms in
the same manner and limited by a like period as the original
offer. Any share not accepted pursuant to such offer or further
offer as aforesaid or not capable of being offered as aforesaid
except by way of fractions and any shares released from the
provisions of the Article by any such Special Resolution as
aforesaid shall be under the control of the Directors, who may
allot, grant options over or otherwise dispose of the same to such
persons, on such terms, and in such a manner as they think fit,
provided that, in the case of shares not accepted as aforesaid,
such shares shall not be disposed of on terms. which are more
favourable to the subscribers therefore than the terms on which
they were offered to the Members. The foregoing provisions of
this paragraph shall have effect subject to Section 80 of the act.

7. In accordance with Section 91(1) of the Act Sections 89 (1) and
90 (1) to (6) inclusive shall be excluded from applying in
relation to any allotment of Shares in the Company.

8. The Company shall have the power to issue shares which are to
be redeemed or are liable to be redeemed at the option. of the
Company or the Shareholder subject to the provisions within part V
of the Act and on such terms as may be provided by the Resolution
of the Company creating such redeemable shares.

9. The Company may purchase its own shares (including any
redeemable shares) subject to the provisions of Part V of the Act.

10, The Company may make a payment in respect of the redemption or
purchase of any of its Shares otherwise than out of its
distributable profits or the proceeds of a fresh issue of Shares
Subject to Sections 159 or 162 (as the case may be) of the Act.

TRANSFER OF SHARES

11. The Directors may in their absolute discretion and without
assigning any reason therefore decline to register the transfer of
a Share whether or not it is a fully paid Share.

LIEN

12. The Company shall have a first and paramount. lien on every
Share (whether it is fully paid or not) for all monies (whether
presently payable or not) called or payable at a fixed time or
called in respect of that Share and of all Shares registered in
the name of any person indebted or under liability to the Company
whether he shall be the sole registered holder thereof or shall be

one of two or more joint holders or his estate and clause 8 of
Table A shall be modified accordingly.


===== page 13 =====
13. The liability of any Member in default in respect of a call

shall be increased and the words "and all expenses that may have

been incurred by the Company by reason of such non-payment." added
e

at the end of t. first sentence of Clause 18 in Table A.

GENERAL MEETINGS AND RESOLUTIONS

4. Every notice convening a General Meeting shall comply with the
provisions of Section 372 (3) of the Act, as to giving information
to members in regard to their right to appoint proxies, and
notices of and other communications relating to ‘any General
Meeting which any Member is entitled to receive shall be sent to

the Directors and to the Auditors for the time being of the
Company.

15. No business shall be transacted at any General. Meeting unless
a quorum is present, subject to 16 below two persons entitled to
vote upon the business to be transacted, each being a Member or a

proxy for a Member or a duly authorised representative of a
corporation, shall be a quorum.

16. If and for so long as the Company has only one Member, that
Member present in person or by proxy or if that Member is a
corporation by a du Y, authorised representative shall be a quorum
and clause 40 in Table A shall be varied accordingly.

17. If a quorum is not present within half an hour from the time
appointed for a General Meeting, the General Meeting will stand
adjourned to the same day in the next week at the same time and
place or such time and place as the Directors may determine and if
at_the adjourned General Meeting a quorum is not present within
half an hour from the time appointed therefore such adjourned
General Meeting shall be dissolved and Clause 41 in Table A shall
not apply to the Company.

18. If and for so long as the Company has only one Member and that
Member takes any decision which is required to be taken in General
Meeting or by means of a written resolution, that decision shall
be as valid and effectual as if agreed by the Company in General
Meeting save that this paragraph shall not apply to resolutions
passed pursuant to Sections 303 and 391 of the Act.

19. Any decision taken by a sole Member pursuant to the above
paragraph 14 shall be recorded in writing and delivered by that
Member to the Company for entry in the Company’s Minute Book.

APPOINTMENT OF DIRECTORS
20. Clause 64 in table A shall not apply to the Company.

21. The Directors shall not be required to retire by rotation and

Clauses 73 to 80 (inclusive) in Table A shall not apply to the
Company.

°22. There shall be at least one Director and unless otherwise
determined by an Ordinary Resolution of the Company in General
Meeting there shall not be any other limitation as to the number
of Directors and if at any time there shall be only one Director
of the Company, he or she, may act as sole Director exercising all
the powers, authorities and discretions vested in the Directors
generally and Clause 89 of Table A shall be modified accordingly.

7



===== page 14 =====
23. No person shall be appointed a Director at any General Meeting
unless

(a) he is recommended by the Directors, or

(b) Not less than fourteen or more than thrity~five clear days
before the date appointed for the meeting, notice signed by a
member qualified to vote at the meeting has been given to the
Company of the intention to propose that person for appointment

together with a notice signed by that person of his willingness to
be appointed.

24. Subject to the above the Company may by Ordinary Resolution
appoint any person who is willing to act, to be a Director, either
to fill a vacancy or as an additional Director.

25. The Directors may appoint a person who is willing to act to he
a Director, either to fill a vacancy or as an additional Director,
provided that the appointment does not cause the number of
Directors to exceed any number determined in accordance with 23

above as the maximum number of Directors and for the time being in
force.

26. In any case where as the result of the death of a sole Member
of the Company, the Company has no Members and no Directors the
personal representatives of such deceased Member shall have the
tight by notice in writing to appoint a person to be a Director of
the Company and such appointment shall be as effective as if made
by the Company in General Meeting pursuant to paragraph 24 above.

BOR! rT POWE:

27. The Directors may exercise all the powers of the Company to
borrow money without limit as to the amount and upon such terms
and in such a manner as they think fit, and subject (in the case
of any security convertible into shares) to Section 80 of the Act
to grant any mortgage, charge or standard security over its
undertaking, property and uncalled capital, or any part thereof,
and to issue debentures debenture stock, and other securities
whether outright or as security for any debt, liability or
obligation of the Company or of any third party.

ALTERNATE DIRECTORS

28. A Director, or any such person as is mentioned in Clause 65 in
Table A, may act as an alternate Director to represent more than
one Director, and an alternate Director shall be entitled at any
meeting of the Directors or of any committee of the Directors to
one vote for every Director whom he represents in addition to his
own vote (if any) as a Director, but he shall count as only one
for the purpose of determining whether a quorum is present.

29. An alternate Director shall not be entitled as such to receive
any remuneration from the Company, save that he may be paid by the
Company such part (if any) of the remuneration otherwise payable
to his appointer as such appointer may by notice in writing to the

Company from time to time direct, and the first sentence of Clause
66 in Table A shall be modified.


===== page 15 =====
DIRECTORS INTERESTS

30. Any Director may act by himself or with his firm in a
professional capacity for the company, and he or his firm shall be
entitled to remuneration for professional services as if he were
not. a Director; provided that nothing herein contained shall
authorise a Director to act as Auditor to the Company.

31. A Director may vote, as a Director in regard to any contract
or arrangement in which he is interested or upon any matter
arising thereout, and if he shall so vote, his vote shall be
counted and he shall be reckoned in estimating a quorum when any
such contract or arrangement is under consideration and Clause 9
to 97 inclusive of table A shall not apply to the Company.

THE SEAL
32. If the Company has a seal it shall only be used with the
authority of the Directors or a committee of Directors. The

Directors may determine who shall sign any instrument to which the
seal is affixed and unless otherwise so determined it shall be
signed by a Director and by the Secretary or second Director. The
ebligation under Clause 6 of Table A relating to the sealing of
share certificates shall apply only if the Company has a seal.
Clause 101 of table A shall not apply to the Company.

33. The Company may exercise the powers conferred by section 39 of
the Act with regard to having an official seal for use abroad, and
such powers shall be vested in the Directors.

INDEMNITY

34. Every Director or other official officer or Auditor of the
Company shall be indemnified out of the assets of the Company
against all losses or liabilities which he may sustain or incur in
or about the execution of the duties of his ottice or otherwise in
relation thereto, including any liability incurred by him in
defending any proceedings, whether civil or criminal, or in
connection with any application under Section 144 or Section 727
of the Act in which relief is granted to him by the Court, and no
Director or other officer shail be liable for any loss, damage or
misfortune which may happen to or be incurred by the Company in
the execution of the duties of his office or in relation thereto.
But this Article’ shall only have effect in so far as its
provisions are not avoided by Section 310 of the Act.

35. The Directors shall have the power to purchase and maintain
for any Director, officer or Auditor of the Company Insurance

against any such liability as is referred to in Section 310{1) of
the Act.

36. Clause 118 in Table A shall not apply to the Company.


===== page 16 =====
NAMES AND ADDRESSES OF SUBSCRIBERS

pa Ct

for and on behalf of
QA NOMINEES LIMITED
THE STUDIO

ST NICHOLAS CLOSE
ELSTREE

HERTS

WD6 3EW

QA BGISTRARS TIMITED
THE STUDIO

ST NICHOLAS CLOSE
ELSTREE

HERTS

WD6 3EW

DATED t

WITNESS to the above signatures:-

Pla

for and on behalf of

QUICK ACCESS FORMATIONS PLC
THE STUDIO

ST NECHOLAS CLOSE

ELSTREE

HERTS

WD6 3EW

1o
