

===== page 1 =====
Company registration number 04156972 (England and Wales)

JPSB LIMITED

UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

PAGES FOR FILING WITH REGISTRAR



===== page 2 =====
JPSB LIMITED

BALANCE SHEET
AS AT 31 MARCH 2022
2022 2021

Notes: £ gE £ £
Fixed assets
Tangible assets 4 6.427 5,784
Current assets
Debtors, 5 741,397 806,880
Cash at bank and in hand 509,045 $54,110

1,250,442 1,360,990

Creditors: amounts falling due within one
year 6 (766,545) (952,108)
Net current assets 483,897 408,882
Total assets less current liabi 490,324 414,656
Provisions for liabi (1,221) (1,099)
Net assets 489,103 413,587,
Capital and reserves
Called up share capital 10 10
Profit and loss reserves: 489,093 413,557
Total equity 489,103 413,587

The directors of the company have elected not to include a copy of the profit and loss account within the financial
statements.

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022 the company was entitled to exemption from audit under section 477 of the
Companies Act 2006 relating to small companies.

The directors acknowledge their responsibililies for complying with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 with
respect to accounting records and the preparation of financial statements.

The members have not required the company to obtain an audit of its financial statements for the year in question in
accordance with section 476.

These financial statements have been prepared and delivered in accordance with the provisions applicable to companies
subject to the small companies regime.



===== page 3 =====
JPSB LIMITED

BALANCE SHEET (CONTINUED)
AS AT 31 MARCH 2022

The financial statements were approved by the board of directors and authorised for issue on 3 June 2022 and are signed
on its behalf by:

Mr KS Bhogal
Director

Company Registration No. 04156972



===== page 4 =====
JPSB LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

Accounting policies

Company information
JPSB Limited is a private company limited by shares incorporated in England and Wales. The registered office is
Dawson House, 5 Jewry Street, London, EC3N 2EX,

Accounting convention

These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with FRS 102 “The Financial Reporting Standard
applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland” (‘FRS 102°) and the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 as
applicable to companies subject to the small companies regime. The disclosure requirements of section 1 of FRS
102 have been applied other than where additional disclosure is required to show a true and fair view.

The financial statements are prepared in sterling, which is the functional currency of the company. Monetary a
mounts in these financial statements are rounded to the nearest £.

The financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, [modified to include the
revaluation of freehold properties and to include investment properties and certain financial instruments at fair
value]. The principal accounting policies adopted are set out below.

This company is a qualifying entity for the purposes of FRS 102, being a member of a group where the parent of
that group prepares publicly available consolidated financial statements, including this company, which are intended
to give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit or loss of the group. The company
has therefore taken advantage of exemptions from the following disclosure requirements:

* Section 7 ‘Statement of Cash Flows’: Presentation of a statement of cash flow and related notes and
disclosures;

Section 11 ‘Basic Financial Instruments’ and Section 12 ‘Other Financial Instrument Issues: Interest
income/expense and net gains/losses for financial instruments not measured at fair value; basis of
determining fair values; details of collateral, loan defaults or breaches, details of hedges, hedging fair value
changes recognised in profit or loss and in other comprehensive income;

* Section 26 ‘Share based Payment’: Share-based payment expense charged to profit or loss, reconciliation of
opening and closing number and weighted average exercise price of share options, how the fair value of
options granted was measured, measurement and carrying amount of liabilities for cash-settled share-based
payments, explanation of modifications to arrangements;

* Section 33 ‘Related Party Disclosures’: Compensation for key management personnel,

The financial statements of the company are consolidated in the financial statements of [XXXXX]. These
consolidated financial statements are available from its registered office, [CXXXXX]_

Turnover

Tumover is recognised at the fair valus of the consideration received or receivable for goods and services provided
in the normal course of business, and is shown net of VAT and other sales related taxes. The fair value of
consideration takes into account trade discounts, settlement discounts and volume rebates.

When cash inflows are deferred and represent a financing arrangement, the fair value of the consideration is the
present value of the future receipts. The difference between the fair value of the consideration and the nominal
amount received is recognised as interest income.

Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised when the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the goods
have passed to the buyer (usually on dispatch of the goods), the amount of revenue can be measured reliably, it is
probable that the economic benefits associated with the transaction will flow to the entity and the costs incurred or
to be incurred in respect of the transaction can be measured reliably,



===== page 5 =====
JPSB LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

Accounting policies (Continued)

Revenue from contracts for the provision of professional services is recognised by reference to the stage of
completion when the stage of completion, costs incurred and costs to complete can be estimated reliably. The stage
of completion is calculated by comparing costs incurred, mainly in relation to contractual hourly staff rates and
materials, as a proportion of total costs. Where the outcome cannot be estimated reliably, revenue is recognised
only to the extent of the expenses recognised that it is probable will be recovered.

Tangible fixed assets
Tangible fixed assets are initially measured at cost and subsequently measured at cost or valuation, net of
depreciation and any impairment losses.

Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost or valuation of assets less their residual values over their
useful lives on the following bases:

Computers 25% on a reducing balance basis

The gain or loss arising on the disposal of an asset Is determined as the difference between the sale proceeds and
the carrying value of the asset, and is credited or charged to profit or loss.

Impairment of fixed assets
‘At each reporting period end date, the company reviews the carrying amounts of its tangible assets to determine
whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the
recoverable amount of the asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any). Where
it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amaunt of an individual asset, the company estimates the recoverable
amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.

Recaverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. In assessing value in use, the
estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current
market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset for which the estimates of future
cash flows have not been adjusted

Ifthe recoverable amount of an asset (or cash-generating unit) is estimated to he less than its carrying amount, the
carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is
recognised immediately in profit or loss, unless the relevant asset is carried at a revalued amount, in which case the
impairment loss is treated as a revaluation decrease.

Recognised impairment losses are reversed if, and only if, the reasons for the impairment loss have ceased to
apply. Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating unit)
is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not
exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the
asset (or cash-generating unit) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or
loss, unless the relevant asset is carried at a revalued amount, in which case the reversal of the impairment loss is
treated as a revaluation increase.

Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents are basic financial assets and include cash in hand, deposits held at call with banks,
other short-term liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less, and bank overdrafts. Bank
overdrafts are shown within borrowings in current liabilities.



===== page 6 =====
JPSB LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

Accounting policies (Continued)

Financial instruments
The company has elected to apply the provisions of Section 11 ‘Basic Financial Instruments’ and Section 12 ‘Other
Financial Instruments Issues’ of FRS 102 to all of its financial instruments.

Financial instruments are recognised in the company's balance sheet when the company becomes party to the
contractual provisions of the instrument.

Financial assets and liabilities are offset, with the net amounts presented in the financial statements, when there is
a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or to
realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

Basic financial assets
Basic financial assets, which include debtors and cash and bank balances, are initially measured at transaction
price including transaction costs and are subsequently carried at amortised cost using the effective interest method
unless the arrangement constitutes a financing transaction, where the transaction is measured at the present value
of the future receipts discounted al a market rate of interest. Financial assets classified as receivable within one
year are not amortised.

Classification of financial llabilities
Financial liabilities and equity instruments are classified according to the substance of the contractual arrangements
entered into. An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of the company
alter deducting all of its liabilities.

Basic financial liabilities

Basic financial liabilities, including creditors, bank loans, loans from fellow group companies and preference shares.
that are classified as debt, are initially recognised at transaction price unless the arrangement constitutes
financing transaction, where the debt instrument is measured at the present value of the future payments
discounted at a market rate of interest. Financial liabilities classified as payable within one year are not amortised.

Debt instruments are subsequently carried at amortised cost, using the effective interest rate method.

Trade creditors are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary course of
business from suppliers. Amounts payable are classified as current liabilities if payment is due within ane year or
less. If not, they are presented as non-current liabilities. Trade creditors are recognised initially at transaction price
and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method

Equity instruments
Equity instruments issued by the company are recorded at the proceeds received, net of transaction costs.
Dividends payable on equity instruments are recognised as liabilities once they are no longer at the discretion of the
company.

Taxation
The tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

Current tax

The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from net profit as reported in
the profit and loss account because it excludes items of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other
years and it further excludes items that are never taxable or deductible. The company’s liability for currant tax is
calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the reporting end date.



===== page 7 =====
JPSB LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

41.10

Accounting policies (Continued)

Deferred tax

Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all timing differences and deferred tax assets are recognised to
the extent that itis probable that they will be recovered against the reversal of deferred tax liabilities or other future
taxable profits. Such assets and liabilities are nol recognised if the timing difference arises from goodwill or from the
initial recognition of other assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the tax profit nor the accounting
profit.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting end date and reduced to the extent that it
is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered
Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period when the liability is settled or the
asset is realised. Deferred tax is charged or credited in the profit and loss account, except when it relates to items
charged or credited directly to equity, in which case the deferred tax is also dealt with in equity. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are offset when the company has a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets and liabilities
and the deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to taxes levied by the same tax authority.

Employee benefits
The costs of short-term employee benefits are recognised as a liability and an expense, unless those costs are
required lo be recognised as part of the cost of siock or fixed assets.

The cost of any unused holiday entitlement is recognised in the period in which the employee's services are
received.

Termination benefits are recognised immediately as an expense when the company is demonstrably committed to
terminate the employment of an employee or to provide termination benefits

Retirement benefits

Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit schemes are charged as an expense as they fall due.

Judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty

In the application of the company's accounting policies, the directors are required to make judgements, estimates
and assumptions about the carrying amount of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other
sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are
considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates

are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised where the revision affects only that period, or in the
period of the revision and future periods where the revision affects both current and future periods.

Employees

The average monthly number of persons (including directors) employed by the company during the year was:

2022 2021
Number Number
Total 5 5



===== page 8 =====
JPSB LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

4 Tangible fixed assets

Cost

At 1 April 2021

Additions

Disposals

At31 March 2022

Depreciation and impairment
At April 2024

Depreciation charged in the year
Eliminated in respect of disposals

At 31 March 2022

Carrying amount
At 31 March 2022

At31 March 2021

5 Debtors
Amounts falling due within one year:

Trade debtors
Other debtors

6 Creditors: amounts falling due within one year

Trade creditors
Amounts owed to group undertakings
Taxation and social security

Other creditors

7 Related party transactions

2022

660,705
80,692

741,397

2022

™

372,805
135,000

96,724
162,216

766,545

Plant and
machinery etc

£

13,821
3,735
(2,726)

14,830

8,037
1,999

6427

5,784

665,889
140,991

806,880

2021
£

313,139
500,000
106,947

32,022

952,108



===== page 9 =====
JPSB LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

7 Related party transactions (Continued)

At the reporting date the amount of £135,000 (2021: £500,000) was payable to JPSB Group Limited, the ultimate
parent company. This balance was repayable on demand and had not been subject to any interest charge.



===== page 10 =====
This document was delivered using electronic communications and authenticated in accordance with the
registrar's rules relating to electronic form, authentication and manner of delivery under section 1072 of
the Companies Act 2006.
