

===== page 1 =====
Company registration number 04156972 (England and Wales}

JPSB LIMITED
UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2023

PAGES FOR FILING WITH REGISTRAR



===== page 2 =====
JPSB LIMITED

BALANCE SHEET
AS AT 31 MARCH 2023

2023

Notes £ £
Fixed assets
Tangible assets 4 4,846
Current assets
Debtors 5 904,469
Cash at bank and in hand 616,831

1,521,300
Creditors: amounts falling due within one
year 6 (956,268)
Net current assets 585,034
Total assets less current liabilities 569,880
(221)

Net assets 568,959
Capital and reserves
Called up share capital 10
Profit and loss reserves 568,949

Total equity 568,959

2022

£ £

6427
741,397
509,045,
1,250,442
(786,545)

483,897

490,324

(1,221)

489,103

10

489,093

489,103

The directors of the company have elected not to include a copy of the profit and loss account within the financial statements.

For the financial year ended 31 March 2023 the company was entitled to exemption from audit under section 477 of the

Companies Act 2006 relating to small companies,

The directors acknowledge their responsibilities for complying with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 with respect

to accounting records end the preparation of financial statements.

The members have not required the company to obtain an audit of its financial statements for the year in question in

accordance with section 476,

These financial statements have been prepared and delivered in accordance with the provisions applicable to companies

subject to the small companies regime.

The financial statements were approved by the board of directors and authorised for issue on 8 June 2023 and are signed on

its behalf by:

Mr A Southen
Director

Company Registration No. 04156972



===== page 3 =====
JPSB LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2023

Accounting policies.

Company information
JPSB Limited is a private company limited by shares incorporated in England and Wales. The registered office is
Dawson House, 5 Jewry Street, London, EC3N 2EX.

Accounting convention

These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with FRS 102 "The Financial Reporting Standard
applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland” ("FRS 102") and the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 as
applicable to companies subject to the small companies regime. The disclosure requirements of section 1A of FRS 102
have been applied other than where acditional disclosure is required to show a true and fair view.

The financial statements are prepared in sterling, which is the functional currency of the company. Monetary amounts
in these financial statements are rounded to the nearest £.

The financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, [modified to include the revaluation
of freehold properties and to include investment properties and certain financial instruments at fair value]. The principal
accounting policies adopted are set oul below.

Turnover

Turnover is recognised at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for goods and services provided in
the normal course of business, and is shown net of VAT and other sales related taxes. The fair value of consideration
takes into account trade discounts, settlement discounts and volume rebates.

When cash inflows are deferred and represent a financing arrangement, the fair value of the consideration is the
present value of the future receipts. The difference between the fair value of the consideration and the nominal amount
received is recognised as interest income.

Revenue from the sale of goods is recagnised when the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the goods have
passed to the buyer (usually on dispatch of the goods), the amount of revenue can be measured reliably, itis probable
that the economic benefits associated with the transaction will flow to the entity and the costs incurred or to be incurred
in respect of the transaction can be measured reliably.

Revenue from contracts for the provision of professional services is recognised by reference to the stage of completion
when the stage of completion, costs incurred and costs to complete can be estimated reliably. The stage of completion
ig calculated by comparing costs incurred, mainly in relation to contractual hourly staff rates and materials, as a
proportion of total costs. Where the outcome cannot be estimated reliably, revenue is recognised only to the extent of
the expenses recognised that it is probable will be recovered.

Tangible fixed assets

Tangiole fixed assets are intially measured at cost and subsequently measured at cost or valuation, net of depreciation
and any impairment losses.

Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost or valuation of assets less their residual values over their useful
lives an the following bases:

Computers 25% on a reducing balance basis

The gain or loss arising on the disposal of an asset is determined as the difference between the sale proceeds and the
carrying value of the asset, and is credited or charged to profit or loss.



===== page 4 =====
JPSB LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2023

Accounting policies (Continued)

Impairment of fixed assets
At each reporting period end date, the company reviews the carrying amounts of its tangible assets to determine
whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the
recoverable amount of the asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any). Where itis
not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the company estimates the recoverable amount
of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.

Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. In assessing value in use, the
estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current
market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset for which the estimates of future
cash ‘lows have not been adjusted.

Ifthe recoverable amount of an asset (or cash-generating unil) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the
carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is
recognised immediately in profit or loss, unless the relevant asset is carried at a revalued amount, in which case the
impairment loss is treated as a revaluation decrease.

Recognised impairment losses are reversed if, and only if, the reasons for the impairment loss have ceased to apply.
Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating unit) is.
increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed
the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or
cash-generating unit} in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss, unless
the relevant asset is carried at a revaluad amount, in which case the reversal of the impairment loss is treated as a
revaluation increase.

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents are basic financial assets and include cash in hand, deposits held at call with banks, other
short-term liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less, and benk overdrafts. Bank overdrafts are
shown within borrowings in current liabilities.

Financial instruments
The company has elected to apply the provisions of Section 11 ‘Basic Financial Instruments’ and Section 12 ‘Other
Financial Instruments Issues’ of FRS 102 to all of its financial Instruments.

Financial instruments are recognised in the company's balance sheet when the company becomes party to the
contractual provisions of the instrument.

Financial assets and liabilities are offset, with the net amounts presented in the financial statements, when there is a
legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or to realise
the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

Basic financial assets
Basic financial assets, which include debtors and cash and bank balances, are inltizlly measured at transaction price
including transaction costs and are subsequently carried at amortised cost using the effective interest method unless
the arrangement constitutes a financing transaction, where the transaction is measured at the present value of the
future receipts discounted at a market rate of interest. Financial assets classified as receivable within one year are not
amortised

Classification of financial liabilities

Financial liabilities and equity instruments are classified according to the substance of the contractual arrangements
entered into, An equity instrument is any contract thal evidences a residual interest in the assets of the company after
deducting all of its liabilities.



===== page 5 =====
JPSB LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2023

Accounting policies (Continued)

Basic financial liabilities

Basic financial liabilities, including creditors, bank loans, loans from fellow group companies and preference shares that
are classified as debt, are initially recognised at transaction price unless the arrangement constitutes a financing
transaction, where the debt instrument is measured at the present value of the future payments discounted at a market
rate of interest. Financial liabilities classified as payable within one year are not amortised.

Debt instruments are subsequently carried at amortised cost, using the effective interest rate method

Trade creditors are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary course of business
from suppliers. Amounts payable are classified as current liabilities if payment is due within one year or less. If not, they
are presented as non-current liabilities. Trade creditors are recognised initially at transaction price and subsequently
measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

Equity instruments
Equity instruments issued by the company are recorded at the proceeds received, net of transaction costs. Dividends
payable on equily instruments are recognised as liabilities once they are no longer at the discretion of the company.

Taxation
‘The tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

Current tax

The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from net profit as reported in the
profil and loss account because it excludes items of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in olher years
and iLfurther excludes items thet are never taxable or deductible. The company's liability for current tax is calculated
using tax rates that have besn enacted or substantively enacted by the reporting end date.

Deferred tax

Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all timing differences and deferred tax assets are recognised to the
extent that it is probable thal they will be recovered against the reversal of deferred tax liabilities or other future taxable
profits. Such assets and liabilities are not recognised if the timing difference arises from goodwill or from the initial
recognition of other assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the tax profit nor the accounting profit.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting end date and reduced to the extent that it is
no longer probatle that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered,
Deferred tax is calculated al the tax rales that are expected to apply in the period when the liability is settled or the
asset is realised. Deferred tax is charged or credited in the profit and loss account, except when it relates to items
charged of credited directly to equity, in which case the deferred tax is also dealt with in equity. Deferred tax assets and
liabilites are offset when the company has a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets and liabilities and the
deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to taxes levied by the same tax authority.

Employee benefits
The costs of short-term employee benefits are recognised as a liability and an expense, unless those costs are
required to be recognised as part of the cost of stock or fixed assets.

The cost of any unused holiday entitlement is recognised in the period in which the employee's services are received

Termination benefits are recognised immediately as an expense when the company is demonstrably committed to
terminate the employment of an employee or to provide termination benefits.



===== page 6 =====
JPSB LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2023

4.10

Accounting policies (Continued)

Retirement benefits
Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit schemes are charged as an expense as they fall due.

Judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty
In the application of the company's accounting policies, the directors are required lo make judgements, estimates and
assumptions about the carrying amount of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The
estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be
relevent. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are

recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised where the revision affects only thal period, or in the period of
the revision and future periods where the revision affects both current and future periods.

Employees

The average monthly number of persons (including directors) employed by the company during the year was:

2023 2022

Number Number

Total 4 5
Tangible fixed assets

Plant and

machinery ete

£
Cost

At April 2022 14,830
Additions 4,100
Disposals (4.691)
AL 31 March 2023 11,239
Depreciation and impairment

At 1 April 2022 8.403
Depreciation charged in the year 1,618
Eliminated in respect of disposals (3.628)
At 31 March 2023 6,393
Carrying amount

At 31 March 2023 4,848
At 31 March 2022 6,427



===== page 7 =====
JPSB LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2023

5 Debtors
Amounts falling due within one year:

Trade debtors
Other debtors

6 Creditors: amounts falling due within one year

Trade creditors
Amounts owed to group undertakings
Taxation and social security

Other creditors

7 Related party transactions

2023

838,147
66,322

904,469

2022

860,705
80,692

7A1, 397

2022

”

372,605
135,000

96,724
162,216

766,545

At the reporting date the amount of £430,000 (2022: £135,000) was payable to JPSB Group Limited, i's parent
company. This balance was repayable on demand and had nol been subject to any interest charge.

During the year the company paid fees to JPSB Group for the provision of management staff and support totaling

£353,507 (2022: £0). There was no balance outstanding at the end of the year.



===== page 8 =====
This document was delivered using electronic communications and authenticated in accordance with the
registrar's rules relating to electronic form, authentication and manner of delivery under section 1072 of
the Companies Act 2006.
