

===== page 1 =====
Company Number: 04967647

THURSDAY

WRITTEN RESOLUTION

THE COMPANIES ACT 2006
a HA | i |
*A87QNF7C*
Ai2

06/06/2019
of COMPANIES HOUSE

AXXSYS LIMITED (the “Company")
Date: 3S he : 4 (the "Circulation Date”)
Pursuant to Chapter 2 of Part 13 of the Companies Act 2006 (the "Act”), the directors of the
Company propose that the following resolution be passed by the members of the Company as a
specia! resolution (the "Resolution").
SPECIAL RESOLUTION
1 ADOPTION OF NEW ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
THAT, pursuant to section 21 of the Act, the Company's articles of association for the
time being be deleted in their entirety and the regulations contained within the initialled
draft articles of association attached to this resolution be approved and adopted as the
new articles of association of the Company in substitution for, and to the exclusion of, the

existing articles of association of the Company.

AGREEMENT

Please read the notes at the end of this document before signifying your agreement to the
Resolution

The undersigned, being the members of the Company for the time being entitled to vote on the
Resolution as at the Circulation Date, hereby irrevocably agree to the Resolution.

Mie
Signed by Alexander Philip Ritchie fh yy hla—

Date: S Dare WwW

Signed by Stephen McDermott

Date:

014-4560-8810/1/EUROPE

#368


===== page 2 =====
Signed by Keld Frederik Jaksland

Date.

Signed by Kiaus Krarup-Christensen

Date

Signed by Christ Georgilis

Date:

014-4560-8810/1/EUROPE


===== page 3 =====
NOTES

1

If you agree with the Resolution, please indicate your agreement by signing and dating
this document where indicated above and returning it to the Company using one of the
following methods:

(a) By Hand: delivering the signed copy to Danny Preiskel of Preiskel & Co LLP, 4
King's Bench Walk, Temple, London EC4Y 7DL

(b) Post: returning the signed copy by post to Danny Preiskel of Preiskel & Co LLP,
4 King's Bench Walk, Temple, London EC4Y 70L.

(c) Email: by attaching a scanned copy of the signed document to an e-mail and
sending it to dpreiskel@preiskel.com. Please enter "Written Resolution" in the e-
mail subject box.

{f you do not agree to the Resolution, you do not need to do anything; you will not be
deemed to agree if you fail to reply.

Once you have indicated your agreement to the Resolution, you may not revoke your
agreement.

Where, by the date being 28 days following the Circulation Date, insufficient agreement
has been received for the Resolution to pass, it will lapse. If you agree to this Resolution,
please indicate your agreement and notify us as soon as possible

If you are signing this document on behalf of a person under a power of attorney or other

authority please send a copy of the relevant power of attorney when returning this
document.

(014-4560-8810/1/EUROPE,


===== page 4 =====
APE

COMPANIES ACT 2006

PRIVATE COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES

ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
of
AXXSYS LIMITED

Incorporated in England and Wales on 18 November 2003 under company number 04967647
(Adopted by Special Resolution passed on 3 June. 2019)

014-487 1-7890/1/EUROPE


===== page 5 =====
INDEX TO THE ARTICLES
PART 1 - INTERPRETATION AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 0... ceesccsceecees tees sense eresecenereeeae T
4 DEFINED TERMS 000. cece cee tecstes ernest ttntssettiestieseesearessseraesrnisenmtrensersarressee T
2 LIABILITY OF MEMBERS 0. este cts cet ene eet seco tieee tinier 2

PART 2 - DIRECTORS... cecece eee

DIRECTORS' POWERS AND RESPONSIBILITIES .........ccccscccceesesce estes reste seee seesisemerenereseneeeeee 2

3 DIRECTORS’ GENERAL AUTHORITY 0...

4 SHAREHOLDERS’ RESERVE POWER.. veers cee eetttteseste scan 2
5 DIRECTORS MAY DELEGATE - a” 2
6 COMMITTEES... ces cecscceesesssessseessesesersnecereesnsseescttstonseniieeneseestgcescsasautcapesoessanserisesectases cased 3

DECISION MAKING BY DIRECTORS

7 DIRECTORS TO TAKE DECISIONS COLLECTIVELY o.oo... eens ct D
8 UNANIMOUS DECISIONS... ccceccceec cee ieee testes cesnenerrenes esi sritnitensantetnntnsenerie D
9 CALLING A DIRECTORS’ MEETING on 4
10 PARTICIPATION IN DIRECTORS’ MEETINGS ........ cece eeeereieteiceeesterseesrscsescie
WW QUORUM FOR DIRECTORS! MEETINGS ..0.0..ec te e et eeeeee
12 CHAIRING OF DIRECTORS’ MEETINGS 000... cceseecesceesneeice eee tesninerenseeseieeseeeneennes

14 CONFLICTS OF INTEREST

15 RECORDS OF DECISIONS TO BE KEPT - 7 ns)
16 DIRECTORS’ DISCRETION TO MAKE FURTHER RULES - 6

APPOINTMENT OF DIRECTORS....

17 METHODS OF APPOINTING DIRECTORS... cee tice ete teeter GB
18 TERMINATION OF DIRECTOR'S APPOINTMENT .........sc ce eect cnet
19 DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION oo... ccs cec ce eeestesnessnssesettaaeeectessesesensrenssmctnasstaeaee 2

20 DIRECTORS’ EXPENSES

PART 3 - SHARES AND DISTRIBUTIONS.

014-4571-7890/1 EUROPE


===== page 6 =====
SHARES... eee

21

22

23

24

25

26

27

28

29

DIVIDENDS AND OTHER DISTRIBUTIONS .....

ALL SHARES TO BE FULLY PAID UP... eects eteesnesneieeeeneee beteteene

POWERS TO ISSUE DIFFERENT CLASSES OF SHARE.........

COMPANY NOT BOUND BY LESS THAN ABSOLUTE INTERESTS... cece eee

SHARE CERTIFICATES... cece
REPLACEMENT SHARE CERTIFICATES, 0.0.2.0... -0ceceeee
SHARE TRANSFERS .......-:eeee cece

TRANSMISSION OF SHARES.............

EXERCISE OF TRANSMITTEES' RIGHTG...........

TRANSMITTEES BOUND BY PRIOR NOTICES 00.2.0... esses eeteee eects teteseeeeneeeieee

30 PROCEDURE FOR DECLARING DIVIDENDS. ....0...ceccseceeeecee tect eeer eee inee eee cseeenneeeces
3 PAYMENT OF DIVIDENDS AND OTHER DISTRIBUTIONS... ccc
32 NO INTEREST ON DISTRIBUTIONS 0.0... cee

33 UNCLAIMED DISTRIBUTIONS ....00... cere

34 NON-CASH DISTRIBUTIONS ...... cece cee sce ceeteeser ceteris

35 WAIVER OF DISTRIBUTIONS .........

CAPITALISATION OF PROFITS |... eects

36 AUTHORITY TO CAPITALISE AND APPROPRIATION OF CAPITALISED SUMG......

PART 4 - DECISION MAKING BY SHAREHOLDERS ..

ORGANISATION OF GENERAL MEETINGS

37

38

39

40

a

VOTING AT GENERAL MEETINGS

ATTENDANCE AND SPEAKING AT GENERAL MEETINGS

QUORUM FOR GENERAL MEETINGS 200... eee eee eceeeecsie tees ceeeieeiceersreneeieeeees
CHAIRING GENERAL MEETINGS... cece ccc cece eee eese terest eter nets ieeneeeecstenetneiees
ATTENDANCE AND SPEAKING BY DIRECTORS AND NON-SHAREHOLDERS ........

ADJOURNMENT......

10

10

11

1

11

12

212

12

213

13

014-457 1-789) EUROPE,


===== page 7 =====
42

43

44

45

46

47

PART 5 - ADMINISTRATIVE ARRANGEMENTS

48 MEANS OF COMMUNICATION TO BE USED

4g COMPANY SEALS

50 NO RIGHT TO INSPECT ACCOUNTS AND OTHER RECORDS ......
51 PROVISION FOR EMPLOYEES ON CESSATION OF BUSINESS.
MISCELLANEOUS. o.oo. ce cs teees tees nee teensenirssecenaee

52 INDEMNITY |...

53 INSURANCE .....

VOTING: GENERAL..........

ERRORS AND DISPUTES oe cccceccsrceeeenessenetscntesnnnencenee
POLL VOTES .
CONTENT OF PROXY NOTICES .

DELIVERY OF PROXY NOTICES...

AMENDMENTS TO RESOLUTIONS...

249

19

19

19

20

014-457 1-7890/1/EUROPE


===== page 8 =====
PART 1 - INTERPRETATION AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
DEFINED TERMS
In the Articles, unless the context requires otherwise:
"Articles" means these articles of association.

“bankruptcy" includes individual insolvency proceedings in a jurisdiction other than
England and Wales or Northern Ireland which have an effect similar to that of bankruptcy.

“chairman” has the meaning given in Article 12.
“chairman of the meeting" has the meaning given in Article 39.

"Companies Acts" means the Companies Acts (as defined in section 2 of the
Companies Act 2006), in so far as they apply to the Company.

"Company" means Axxsys Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of England
and Wales with company number 04967647.

"director" means a director of the Company, and includes any person occupying the
position of director, by whatever name called.

“distribution recipient" has the meaning given in Article 34

“document” includes, unless otherwise specified, any document sent or supplied in
electronic form.

“electronic form" has the meaning given in section 1168 of the Companies Act 2006.

“fully paid” in relation to a share, means that the nominal value and any premium to be
paid to the Company in respect of that share have been paid to the Company.

“hard copy form" has the meaning given in section 1168 of the Companies Act 2006.

“holder" in relation to shares means the person whose name is entered in the register of
members as the holder of the shares.

“instrument” means a document in hard copy form

“ordinary resolution" has the meaning given in section 282 of the Companies Act 2006.
“paid” means paid or credited as paid.

“participate” in relation to a directors’ meeting, has the meaning given in Article 10.
“proxy notice” has the meaning given in Article 45.

"shareholder" means a person who is the holder of a share.

“shares” means shares in the Company.

(014.457 1-7880/1/EUROPE


===== page 9 =====
44

42

5.1

“special resolution” has the meaning given in section 283 of the Companies Act 2006.
“subsidiary" has the meaning given in section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006.

“transmittee" means a person entitled to a share by reason of the death or bankruptcy
of a shareholder or otherwise by operation of law.

"writing" means the representation or reproduction of words, symbols or other
information in a visible form by any method or combination of methods, whether sent or
supplied in electronic form or otherwise

Unless the context otherwise requires, other words or expressions contained in these
Articles bear the same meaning as in the Companies Act 2006 as in force on the date
when these Articles become binding on the Company.

LIABILITY OF MEMBERS

The liability of the members is limited to the amount, if any, unpaid on the shares held by
them.

PART 2 - DIRECTORS
DIRECTORS’ POWERS AND RESPONSIBILITIES
DIRECTORS’ GENERAL AUTHORITY
Subject to the Articles, the directors are responsible for the management of the
Company's business, for which purpose they may exercise all the powers of the
Company.

SHAREHOLDERS’ RESERVE POWER

The shareholders may, by special resolution, direct the directors to take, or refrain from
taking, specified action.

No such special resolution invalidates anything which the directors have done before the
passing of the resolution.

DIRECTORS MAY DELEGATE

Subject to the Articles, the directors may delegate any of the powers which are conferred
‘on them under the Articles:

(a) to such person or committee;

(b) by such means (including by power of attorney);

(c) to such an extent,
({d) in relation to such matters or territories; and
{e) on such terms and conditions:

014-4571-7890//EUROPE


===== page 10 =====
52

53

61

6.2

7A

72

8.1

82

8.3

84

as they think fit.

If the directors so specify, any such delegation may authorise further delegation of the
directors’ powers by any person to whom they are delegated.

The directors may revoke any delegation in whole or part, or alter its terms and
conditions.

COMMITTEES
Committees to which the directors delegate any of their powers must follow procedures
which are based as far as they are applicable on those provisions of the Articles which

govern the taking of decisions by directors.

The directors may make rules of procedure for ali or any committees, which prevail over
rutes derived from the Articles if they are not consistent with them

DECISION MAKING BY DIRECTORS
DIRECTORS TO TAKE DECISIONS COLLECTIVELY
The general rule about decision-making by directors is that any decision of the directors
must be either a majority decision at a meeting or a decision taken in accordance with
Article 8.
lt
(a) the Company only has one director; and

(b) no provision of the Articles requires it to have more than one director;

the general rule does not apply, and the director may take decisions without regard to
any of the provisions of the Articles relating to directors’ decision-making.

UNANIMOUS DECISIONS
A decision of the directors is taken in accordance with this Article when all eligible
directors indicate to each other by any means that they share a common view on a

matter

Such a decision may take the form of a resolution in writing, copies of which have been
signed by each eligible director or to which each eligible director has otherwise indicated
agreement in writing.

References in this Article to eligible directors are to directors who would have been
entitled to vote on the matter had it been proposed as a resoiution at a directors’ meeting

A decision may not be taken in accordance with this Article if the eligible directors would
not have formed a quorum at such a meeting

014-457 1-7890/ EUROPE,


===== page 11 =====
91

9.2

9.3

9.4

10

CALLING A DIRECTORS’ MEETING

Any director may call a directors’ meeting by giving notice of the meeting to the directors
or by authorising the Company secretary (if any) to give such notice.

Notice of any directors’ meeting must indicate:

(a) its proposed date and time;

(b} where it is to take place; and

(c) if it is anticipated that directors participating in the meeting will not be in the same
place, how it is proposed that they should communicate with each other during
the meeting.

Notice of a directors’ meeting must be given to each director, but need not be in writing.

Notice of a directors’ meeting need not be given to directors who waive their entitlement

to notice of that meeting, by giving notice to that effect to the Company not more than 7

days after the date on which the meeting is held. Where such notice is given after the

meeting has been held, that does not affect the validity of the meeting, or of any business

conducted at it.

PARTICIPATION IN DIRECTORS’ MEETINGS

Subject to the Articles, directors participate in a directors’ meeting, or part of a directors’
meeting, when:

(a) the meeting has been called and takes place in accordance with the Articles; and

(b) they can each communicate to the others any information or opinions they have
on any particular item of the business of the meeting.

in determining whether directors are participating in a directors’ meeting, it is irrelevant
where any director is or how they communicate with each other.

lf all the directors participating in a meeting are not in the same place, they may decide
that the meeting is to be treated as taking place wherever any of them is.

QUORUM FOR DIRECTORS’ MEETINGS

At a directors’ meeting, unless a quorum is participating, no proposal is to be voted on,
except a proposal to call another meeting.

The quorum for directors’ meetings may be fixed from time to time by a decision of the
directors, but it must never be less than two, and unless otherwise fixed it is two.

ff the total number of directors for the time being is less than the quorum required, the
directors must net take any decision other than a decision:

(a) to appoint further directors; or

014-457 1-7800/1/EUROPE


===== page 12 =====
12

412.1

12.2

12.3

12.4

13

13.2

14

14.1

16.2

14.3

14.4

(b) to call a general meeting so as to enable the shareholders to appoint further
directors.

CHAIRING OF DIRECTORS’ MEETINGS

The directors may appoint a director to chair their meetings.

The person so appointed for the time being is known as the chairman
The directors may terminate the chairman's appointment at any time.

If the chairman is not participating in a directors' meeting within ten minutes of the time at
which it was to start, the participating directors must appoint one of themselves to chair it.

CASTING VOTE

\f the numbers of votes for and against a proposal are equal, the chairman or other
director chairing the meeting has a casting vote.

Article 13.1 shall not apply if, in accordance with the Articles, the chairman or other
director is not to be counted as participating in the decision-making process for quorum
or voting purposes.

CONFLICTS OF INTEREST

If a proposed decision of the directors is concerned with an actual or proposed

transaction or arrangement with the Company in which a director is interested, that

director is not to be counted as participating in the decision-making process for quorum

or voting purposes.

Notwithstanding Article 14.1, if Article 14.3 applies, a director who is interested in an

actual or proposed transaction or arrangement with the Company is to be counted as

participating in the decision-making process for quorum and voting purposes.

This Article applies when:

(a) the Company by ordinary resolution disapplies the provision of the Articles which
would otherwise prevent a director from being counted as participating in the

decision-making process;

(b) the director's interest cannot reasonably be regarded as likely to give rise to a
conflict of interest; or

(c) the director's conflict of interest arises from a permitted cause.
For the purposes of this Article, the following are permitted causes:

(a) a guarantee given, or to be given, by or to a director in respect of an obligation
incurred by or on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries;

(b) subscription, or an agreement to subscribe, for shares or other securities of the

Company or any of its subsidiaries, or to underwrite, sub-underwrite, or
guarantee subscription for any such shares or securities: and

014-457 1-7890/1 EUROPE


===== page 13 =====
14.5

14.6

147

15

16

17

17.1

17.2

17.3

18

18.1

(ce) arrangements pursuant to which benefits are made available to employees and
directors or former employees and directors of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries which do not provide special benefits for directors or former
directors.

For the purposes of this Article, references to proposed decisions and decision-making
processes include any directors’ meeting or part of a directors’ meeting.

Subject to Article 14.7, if a question arises at a meeting of directors or of a committee of
directors as to the right of a director to participate in the meeting (or part of the meeting)
for voting or quorum purposes, the question may, before the conclusion of the meeting,
be referred to the chairman whose ruling in relation to any director other than the
chairman is to be final and conclusive.

tf any question as to the right to participate in the meeting (or part of the meeting) should
arise in respect of the chairman, the question is to be decided by a decision of the
directors at that meeting, for which purpose the chairman is not to be counted as
participating in the meeting (or that part of the meeting) for voting or quorum purposes.
RECORDS OF DECISIONS TO BE KEPT
The directors must ensure that the Company keeps a record, in writing, for at least 10
years from the date of the decision recorded, of every unanimous or majority decision
taken by the directors
DIRECTORS’ DISCRETION TO MAKE FURTHER RULES
Subject to the Articles, the directors may make any rule which they think fit about how
they take decisions, and about how such rules are to be recorded or communicated to
directors.

APPOINTMENT OF DIRECTORS
METHODS OF APPOINTING DIRECTORS

Any person who is willing to act as a director, and is permitted by law to do so, may be
appointed to be a director:

(a) by ordinary resolution; or

(b) by a decision of the directors.

In any case where, as a result of death, the Company has no shareholders and no
directors, the personal representatives of the last shareholder to have died have the right,
by notice in writing, to appoint a person to be a director.

For the purposes of Article 17.2, where two or more shareholders die in circumstances
rendering it uncertain who was the last to die, a younger shareholder is deemed to have
survived an older shareholder.

TERMINATION OF DIRECTOR’S APPOINTMENT

A person ceases to be a director as soon as:

914.457 1-7890//EUROPE


===== page 14 =====
20

20.1

(a) that person ceases to be a director by virtue of any provision of the Companies
Act 2006 or is prohibited from being a director by law;

(b) a bankruptcy order is made against that person;

(c) a composition is made with that person's creditors generally in satisfaction of that
person's debts;

(d) a registered medical practitioner who is treating that person gives a written
opinion to the Company stating that that person has become physically or
mentally incapable of acting as a director and may remain so for more than three
months; and

(e) notification in writing is received by the Company from the director that the
director is resigning from office, and such resignation has taken effect in
accordance with its terms

DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION

Directors may undertake any services for the Company that the directors decide.

Directors are entitled to such remuneration as the directors determine:

(a) for their services to the Company as directors; and

(b} for any other service which they undertake for the Company.

Subject to the Articles, a director's remuneration may:

(a) take any form; and

(b) include any arrangements in connection with the payment of a pension,
allowance or gratuity, or any death, sickness or disability benefits, to or in respect
of that director.

Unless the directors decide otherwise, directors’ remuneration accrues from day to day.

Unless the directors decide otherwise, directors are not accountable to the Company for

any remuneration which they receive as directors or other officers or employees of the

Company's subsidiaries or of any other body corporate in which the Company is

interested

DIRECTORS’ EXPENSES

The Company may pay any reasonable expenses which the directors properly incur in
connection with their attendance at:

(a) meetings of directors or committees of directors;
(b) general meetings; or
(c) separate meetings of the holders of any class of shares or of debentures of the

Company:

014-457 1-7890/1/EUROPE


===== page 15 =====
21

21.2

22

224

22.2

23

24

24.1

24.2

24.3

24.4

24.5

or otherwise in connection with the exercise of their powers and the discharge of their
responsibilities in relation to the Company.

PART 3 - SHARES AND DISTRIBUTIONS
SHARES
ALL SHARES TO BE FULLY PAID UP

No share is to be issued for less than the aggregate of its nominal value and any
premium to be paid to the Company in consideration for its issue

This does not apply to shares taken on the formation of the Company by the subscribers
to the Company's memorandum.

POWERS TO ISSUE DIFFERENT CLASSES OF SHARE

Subject to the Articles, but without prejudice to the rights attached to any existing share,
the Company may issue shares with such rights or restrictions as may be determined by
ordinary resolution.

The Company may issue shares which are to be redeemed, or are liable to be redeemed
at the option of the Company or the holder, and the directors may determine the terms,
conditions and manner of redemption of any such shares.

COMPANY NOT BOUND BY LESS THAN ABSOLUTE INTERESTS

Except as required by law, no person ts to be recognised by the Company as holding any
share upon any trust, and except as otherwise required by law or the Articles, the
Company is not in any way to be bound by or recognise any interest in a share other than
the holder's absolute ownership of it and all the rights attaching to it.

SHARE CERTIFICATES

The Company must issue each shareholder, free of charge, with one or more certificates
in respect of the shares which that shareholder holds.

Every certificate must specify:

(a) in respect of how many shares, of what class, it is issued;

(b) the nominal value of those shares;

(c) that the shares are fully paid; and

({d) any distinguishing numbers assigned to them.

No certificate may be issued in respect of shares of more than one class

If more than one person holds a share, only one certificate may be issued in respect of it.

Certificates must:

914-457 1-7890/1 EUROPE


===== page 16 =====
25

25.1

25.2

26

26.2

26.3

26.4

26.5

266

(a) have affixed to them the Company's common seal: or

(b) be otherwise executed in accordance with the Companies Acts
REPLACEMENT SHARE CERTIFICATES

Kf a certificate issued in respect of a shareholder's shares is:

(a) damaged or defaced; or

(b) said to be lost, stolen or destroyed:

that shareholder is entitled to be issued with a replacement certificate in respect of the
same shares.

A sharehclder exercising the right to be issued with such a replacement certificate:

(a) may at the same time exercise the right to be issued with a single certificate or
separate certificates;

(b) must return the certificate which is to be replaced to the Company if it is damaged
or defaced; and

(c) must comply with such conditions as to evidence, indemnity and the payment of a
teasonable fee as the directors decide.

SHARE TRANSFERS
Shares may be transferred by means of an instrument of transfer in any usual form or
any other form approved by the directors, which is executed by or on behalf of the

transferor.

No fee may be charged for registering any instrument of transfer or other document
relating to or affecting the title to any share.

The Company may retain any instrument of transfer which is registered.

The transferor remains the holder of a share until the transferee’s name is entered in the
register of members as holder of it.

Subject to Articles 26.6 and 26.7, the directors may refuse to register the transfer of a
share, and if they do so, the instrument of transfer must be returned to the transferee with
the notice of refusal unless they suspect that the proposed transfer may be fraudulent.

Notwithstanding anything contained in these Articles:

(a) any pre-emption rights conferred on existing members by these Articles or
otherwise shall not apply to; and

(b) the directors shall not decline to register, nor suspend registration of,

any transfer of shares where such transfer is:

014.457 1-7890/1/EUROPE


===== page 17 =====
26.7

27

274

27.2

27.3

28

28.1

28.2

28.3

(i) in favour of any bank or institution (or any nominee or nominees of such
bank or institution) to whom such shares are being transferred by way of
security; or

(i) duly executed by any such bank or institution (or any such nominee or
nominees) to whom such shares shall (including any further shares in the
Company acquired by reason of its holding of such shares) have been
transferred as aforesaid, pursuant to the power of sale under such
security; or

(iii) duly executed by a receiver appointed by a bank or institution pursuant to
any security document which creates any security interest over such
shares

and a certificate by any official of such bank or institution or any such receiver that the
shares are or are to be subject to such a security and that the transfer is executed in
accordance with the provisions of this Article shall be conclusive evidence of such facts.

Any lien on shares which the Company has shall not apply in respect of any shares
which have been charged by way of security to a bank or financial institution or a
subsidiary of a bank or financial institution or which are transferred in accordance with
the provisions of this Article.

TRANSMISSION OF SHARES

If tile to a share passes to a transmittee, the Company may only recognise the
transmittee as having any title to that share.

A transmittee who produces such evidence of entitlement to shares as the directors may
properly require:

(a) may, subject to the Articles, choose either to become the holder of those shares
or to have them transferred to another person; and

(b) subject to the Articles, and pending any transfer of the shares to another person,
has the same rights as the holder had.

But transmittees do not have the right to attend or vote at a general meeting, or agree to
a proposed written resolution, in respect of shares to which they are entitled. by reason of
the holder's death or bankruptcy or otherwise, unless they become the holders of those
shares.

EXERCISE OF TRANSMITTEES’ RIGHTS

Transmittees who wish to become the holders of shares to which they have become
entitled must notify the Company in writing of that wish.

if the transmittee wishes to have a share transferred to another person, the transmittee
must execute an instrument of transfer in respect of it

Any transfer made or executed under this Article is to be treated as if it were made or

executed by the person from whom the transmittee has derived rights in respect of the
share, and as if the event which gave rise to the transmission had not occurred.

014-487 1-7890/1 EUROPE


===== page 18 =====
29

30

30.1

30.2

30.3

30.4

30.5

306

30.7

Kal

344

TRANSMITTEES BOUND BY PRIOR NOTICES

If a notice is given to a shareholder in respect of shares and a transmittee is entitied to
those shares, the transmittee is bound by the notice if it was given to the shareholder
before the transmittee’s name has been entered in the register of members

DIVIDENDS AND OTHER DISTRIBUTIONS
PROCEDURE FOR DECLARING DIVIDENDS.

The Company may by ordinary resolution declare dividends, and the directors may
decide to pay interim dividends.

A dividend must not be declared unless the directors have made a recommendation as to
its amount. Such a dividend must not exceed the amount recommended by the directors.

No dividend may be declared or paid unless it is in accordance with shareholders’
respective rights.

Unless the shareholders’ resolution to declare or directors’ decision to pay a dividend, or
the terms on which shares are issued, specify otherwise, it must be paid by reference to
each shareholder's holding of shares on the date of the resolution or decision to declare
or pay it.

If the Company's share capital is divided into different classes, no interim dividend may
be paid on shares carrying deferred or non-preferred rights if, at the time of payment, any
preferential dividend is in arrear.

The directors may pay at intervals any dividend payable at a fixed rate if it appears to
them that the profits available for distribution justify the payment.

If the directors act in good faith, they do not incur any liability to the holders of shares
conferring preferred rights for any loss they may suffer by the lawful payment of an
interim dividend on shares with deferred or non-preferred rights.

PAYMENT OF DIVIDENDS AND OTHER DISTRIBUTIONS

Where a dividend or other sum which is a distribution is payable in respect of a share, it
must be paid by one or more of the following means:

(a) transfer to a bank or building society account specified by the distribution
recipient either in writing or as the directors may otherwise decide;

(b) sending a cheque made payable to the distribution recipient by post to the
distribution recipient at the distribution recipient's registered address (if the
distribution recipient is a holder of the share), or (in any other case) to an address
specified by the distribution recipient either in writing or as the directors may
otherwise decide;

(c) sending a cheque made payable to such person by post to such person at such

address as the distribution recipient has specified either in writing or as the
directors may otherwise decide; or

014-487 1-7890/ EUROPE


===== page 19 =====
32

33

34

(d) any other means of payment as the directors agree with the distribution recipient
either in writing or by such other means as the directors decide.

In the Articies, "the distribution recipient’ means, in respect of a share in respect of
which a dividend or other sum is payable:

(a) the holder of the share; or

(b) if the share has two or more joint holders, whichever of them is named first in the
register of members; or

(c) if the holder is no longer entitled to the share by reason of death or bankruptcy, or
otherwise by operation of law, the transmittee.

NO INTEREST ON DISTRIBUTIONS

The Company may not pay interest on any dividend or other sum payable in respect of a
share unless otherwise provided by:

(a) the terms on which the share was issued; or

(b) the provisions of another agreement between the holder of that share and the
Company.

UNCLAIMED DISTRIBUTIONS

All dividends or other sums which are:

(a) payable in respect of shares; and

(b) unclaimed after having been declared or become payable;

may be invested or otherwise made use of by the directors for the benefit of the
Company until claimed.

The payment of any such dividend or other sum into a separate account does not make
the Company a trustee in respect of it, if:

(a) twelve years have passed from the date on which a dividend or other sum
became due for payment; and

(b) the distribution recipient has not claimed it;

the distribution recipient is no longer entitied to that dividend or other sum and it ceases
to remain owing by the Company.

NON-CASH DISTRIBUTIONS
Subject to the terms of issue of the share in question, the Company may, by ordinary
resolution on the recommendation of the directors, decide to pay all or part of a dividend

or other distribution payable in respect of a share by transferring non-cash assets of
equivalent value (including, without limitation, shares or other securities in any company).

014-4571 -Ta90r/EUROPE


===== page 20 =====
34.2

35

36

36.1

36.2

36.3

38.4

For the purposes of paying a non-cash distribution, the directors may make whatever
arrangements they think fit, including, where any difficulty arises regarding the
distribution:

(a) fixing the value of any assets:

(b) paying cash to any distribution recipient on the basis of that value in order to
adjust the rights of recipients; and

(c) vesting any assets in trustees.
WAIVER OF DISTRIBUTIONS.

Distribution recipients may waive their entitlement to a dividend or other distribution
payable in respect of a share by giving the Company notice in writing to that effect, but if:

{a) the share has more than one holder; or

(b) more than one person is entitled to the share, whether by reason of the death or
bankruptcy of one or more jaint holders; or otherwise;

the notice is not effective unless it is expressed to be given, and signed, by all the
holders or persons otherwise entitled to the share.

CAPITALISATION OF PROFITS
AUTHORITY TO CAPITALISE AND APPROPRIATION OF CAPITALISED SUMS.

Subject to the Articles, the directors may, if they are so authorised by an ordinary
resolution:

(a) decide to capitalise any profits of the Company (whether or not they are available
for distribution) which are not required for paying a preferential dividend, or any
sum standing to the credit of the Company's share premium account or capital
redemption reserve, and

(b) appropriate any sum which they so decide to capitalise (a “capitalised sum") to
the persons who would have been entitled to it if it were distributed by way of
dividend (the "persons entitled") and in the same proportions.

Capitalised sums must be applied:

(a) on behalf of the persons entitled; and

(b) in the same proportions as a dividend would have been distributed to them

Any capitalised sum may be applied in paying up new shares of a nominal amount equal

to the capitalised sum which are then allotted credited as fully paid to the persons entitled

or as they may direct.

A capitalised sum which was appropriated from profits available for distribution may be

applied in paying up new debentures of the Company which are then allotted credited as
fully paid to the persons entitled or as they may direct.

914-457 1-7890/1/EUROPE,


===== page 21 =====
36.5

37

37.1

37.2

37.3

37.4

37.5

38

39

39.1

Subject to the Articles the directors may:

(a) apply capitalised sums in accordance with Articles 36.3 and 36.4 partiy in one
way and partly in another;

(b) make such arrangements as they think fit to deal with shares or debentures
becoming distributable in fractions under this Article {including the issuing of
fractional certificates or the making of cash payments); and

(ce) authorise any person to enter into an agreement with the Company on behalf of
all the persons entitled which is binding on them in respect of the allotment of
shares and debentures to them under this Article.

PART 4 - DECISION MAKING BY SHAREHOLDERS
ORGANISATION OF GENERAL MEETINGS

ATTENDANCE AND SPEAKING AT GENERAL MEETINGS

A person is able to exercise the right to speak at a general meeting when that person is

in a position to communicate to all those attending the meeting, during the meeting, any

information or opinions which that person has on the business of the meeting

A person is able to exercise the right to vote at a general meeting when:

(a) that person is able to vote, during the meeting, on resolutions put to the vote at
the meeting; and

(b) that person's vote can be taken into account in determining whether or not such
resolutions are passed at the same time as the votes of all the other persons
attending the meeting.

The directors may make whatever arrangements they consider appropriate to enable
those attending a general meeting to exercise their rights to speak or vote at it

In determining attendance at a general meeting, it is immaterial whether any two or more
members attending it are in the same place as each other.

Two or more persons who are not in the same place as each other attend a general
meeting if their circumstances are such that if they have (or were to have) rights to speak
and vote at that meeting, they are (or would be) able to exercise them.

QUORUM FOR GENERAL MEETINGS

No business other than the appointment of the chairman of the meeting is to be
transacted at a general meeting if the persons attending it do not constitute a quorum.

CHAIRING GENERAL MEETINGS

If the directors have appointed a chairman, the chairman shall chair general meetings if
present and willing to do so.

014-487 1-7890/ EUROPE


===== page 22 =====
39.2

40

40.4

40.2

At

41.3

If the directors have not appointed a chairman, or if the chairman is unwilling to chair the
meeting or is not present within ten minutes of the time at which a meeting was due to
start:

(a) the directors present; or

(b) (if no directors are present). the meeting:

must appoint a director or shareholder to chair the meeting, and the appointment of the
chairman of the meeting must be the first business of the meeting.

The person chairing a meeting in accordance with this Article is referred to as “the
chairman of the meeting”.

ATTENDANCE AND SPEAKING BY DIRECTORS AND NON-SHAREHOLDERS

Directors may attend and speak at general meetings, whether or not they are
shareholders.

The chairman of the meeting may permit other persons who are not,
(a) __ shareholders of the Company; or

(b) otherwise entitled to exercise the rights of shareholders in relation to general
meetings:

to attend and speak at a general meeting

ADJOURNMENT

If the persons attending a general meeting within half an hour of the time at which the
meeting was due to start do not constitute a quorum, or if during a meeting a quorum

ceases to be present, the chairman of the meeting must adjourn it

The chairman of the meeting may adjourn a general meeting at which a quorum is
present if:

(a) the meeting consents to an adjournment; or
(b) it appears to the chairman of the meeting that an adjournment is necessary to
protect the safety of any person attending the meeting or ensure that the

business of the meeting is conducted in an orderly manner.

The chairman of the meeting must adjourn a genera! meeting if directed to da so by the
meeting

When adjourning a general meeting, the chairman of the meeting must:

(a) either specify the time and place to which it is adjourned or state that it is to
continue at a time and place to be fixed by the directors; and

(b) have regard to any directions as to the time and place of any adjournment which
have been given by the meeting

014-457 1-7890/1/EUROPE


===== page 23 =====
416

42

43

43.1

43.2

444

44.2

44.3

If the continuation of an adjourned meeting is to take place more than 14 days after it
was adjourned, the Company must give at least 7 clear days’ notice of it (that is,
excluding the day of the adjourned meeting and the day on which the notice is given):

(a) to the same persons to whom notice of the Company's general meetings is
required to be given; and

(b) containing the same information which such notice is required to contain.

No business may be transacted at an adjourned general meeting which could not
properly have been transacted at the meeting if the adjournment had not taken place.

VOTING AT GENERAL MEETINGS
VOTING: GENERAL

A resolution put to the vote of a general meeting must be decided on a show of hands
unless a poil is duly demanded in accordance with the Articles.

ERRORS AND DISPUTES
No objection may be raised to the qualification of any person voting at a general meeting
except at the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the vote objected to is tendered,

and every vote not disallowed at the meeting is valid.

Any such objection must be referred to the chairman of the meeting, whose decision is
final.

POLL VOTES
A poll on a resolution may be demanded:
(a) in advance of the general meeting where it is to be put to the vote; or

{b) at a general meeting, either before a show of hands on that resolution or
immediately after the result of a show of hands on that resolution is declared.

A poli may be demanded by:

{a) the chairman of the meeting;

(b) the directors;

(ce) two or more persons having the right to vote on the resolution; or

(d) a person or persons representing not less than one tenth of the total voting rights
of all the shareholders having the right to vote on the resolution.

A demand for a poll may be withdrawn if:
(a) the poll has not yet been taken; and

(b) the chairman of the meeting consents to the withdrawal

014-457 t-78901 EUROPE


===== page 24 =====
444

45

45.2

45.3

45.4

46

46.1

46.2

46.3

46.4

Polls must be taken immediately and in such manner as the chairman of the meeting
directs

CONTENT OF PROXY NOTICES
Proxies may only validly be appointed by a notice in writing (a “proxy notice") which:
(a) states the name and address of the shareholder appointing the proxy;

(b) identifies the person appointed to be that shareholder's proxy and the general
meeting in relation to which that person is appointed;

(c) is signed by or on behalf of the shareholder appointing the proxy, or is
authenticated in such manner as the directors may determine; and

(d) is delivered to the Company in accordance with the Articles and any instructions
contained in the notice of the general meeting to which they relate.

The Company may require proxy notices to be delivered in a particular form, and may
specify different forms for different purposes.

Proxy notices may specify how the proxy appointed under them is to vote (or that the
proxy is to abstain from voting) on one or more resolutions.

Unless a proxy notice indicates otherwise, it must be treated as:

{a) allowing the person appointed under it as a proxy discretion as to how to vote on
any ancillary or procedural resofutions put to the meeting; and

(b) appointing that person as a proxy in relation to any adjournment of the genera!
meeting to which it relates as well as the meeting itself.

DELIVERY OF PROXY NOTICES

A person who is entitled to attend, speak or vote (either on a show of hands or on a poll)
at a general meeting remains so entitled in respect of that meeting or any adjournment of
it, even though a valid proxy natice has been delivered to the Company by or on behalf of
that person.

An appointment under a proxy notice may be revoked by delivering to the Company a
notice in writing given by or on behalf of the person by whom or on whose behalf the
proxy notice was given.

A notice revoking a proxy appointment only takes effect if it is delivered before the start of
the meeting or adjourned meeting to which it relates.

\f a proxy notice is not executed by the person appointing the proxy, it must be

accompanied by written evidence of the authority of the person who executed it to
execute it on the appointor’s behalf.

014-487 1-7890/1 EUROPE


===== page 25 =====
47

47.1

47.3

48

48.2

49

49.2

AMENDMENTS TO RESOLUTIONS

An ordinary resolution to be proposed at a general meeting may be amended by ordinary
resolution if

(a) notice of the proposed amendment is given to the Company in writing by a
person entitled to vote at the general meeting at which it is to be proposed not
less than 48 hours before the meeting is to take place (or such later time as the
chairman of the meeting may determine); and

(b) the proposed amendment does not, in the reasonable opinion of the chairman of
the meeting, materially alter the scope of the resolution.

A special resolution to be proposed at a general meeting may be amended by ordinary
resolution, if:

(a) the chairman of the meeting proposes the amendment at the general meeting at
which the resolution is to be proposed; and

(b) the amendment does not go beyond what is necessary to correct a grammatical
or other non-substantive error in the resolution.

If the chairman of the meeting, acting in good faith, wrongly decides that an amendment
to a resolution is out of order, the chairman's error does not invalidate the vote on that
resolution.

PART 5 - ADMINISTRATIVE ARRANGEMENTS
MEANS OF COMMUNICATION TO BE USED

Subject to the Articles, anything sent or supplied by or to the Company under the Articles
may be sent or supplied in any way in which the Companies Act 2006 provides for
documents or information which are authorised or required by any provision of that Act to
be sent or supplied by or to the Company.

Subject to the Articles, any notice or document to be sent or supplied to a director in
connection with the taking of decisions by directors may also be sent or supplied by the
means by which that director has asked to be sent or supplied with such notices or
documents for the time being

A director may agree with the Company that notices or documents sent to that director in
a particular way are to be deemed to have been received within a specified time of their
being sent, and for the specified time to be less than 48 hours.

COMPANY SEALS

Any common seal may only be used by the authority of the directors.

The directors may decide by what means and in what form any common seal is to be
used.

014-4571-7890/ EUROPE


===== page 26 =====
49.3

49.4

50

51

52

$2.1

52.2

52.3

Uniess otherwise decided by the directors, if the Company has a common seal and it is
affixed to a document, the document must also be signed by at least one authorised
person in the presence of a witness who attests the signature.

For the purposes of this Article, an authorised person is:

(a) any director of the Company;

(b) the Company secretary (if any); or

(ce) any person authorised by the directors for the purpose of signing documents to
which the common seai is applied

NO RIGHT TO INSPECT ACCOUNTS AND OTHER RECORDS

Except as provided by law or authorised by the directors or an ordinary resolution of the
Company, no person is entitled to inspect any of the Company's accounting or other
records or documents merely by virtue of being a shareholder.

PROVISION FOR EMPLOYEES ON CESSATION OF BUSINESS

The directors may decide to make provision for the benefit of persons employed or
formerly employed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries (other than a director or
former director or shadow director) in connection with the cessation or transfer to any
person of the whole or part of the undertaking of the Company or that subsidiary.

MISCELLANEOUS
INDEMNITY

Subject to Article $2.2, a relevant director of the Company or an associated company
may be indemnified out of the Company's assets against:

(a) any liability incurred by that director in connection with any negligence, default,
breach of duty or breach of trust in relation to the Company or an associated
company;

(b) any liability incurred by that director in connection with the activities of the
Company or an associated company in its capacity as a trustee of an
occupational pension scheme (as defined in section 235(6) of the Companies Act
2006); and

(c) any other liability incurred by that director as an officer of the Company or an
associated company.

This Article does not authorise any indemnity which would be prohibited or rendered void
by any provision of the Companies Acts or by any other provision of law.

In this Article:

(a) companies are associated if one is a subsidiary of the other or both are
subsidiaries of the same body corporate; and

014-487 1-7890/1/EUROPE


===== page 27 =====
53

53.2

(b) a "relevant director” means any director or former director of the Company or
an associated company.

INSURANCE

The directors may decide to purchase and maintain insurance, at the expense of the
Company, for the benefit of any relevant director in respect of any relevant loss.

In this Article:

(a) a “relevant director" means any director or former director of the Company or
an associated company;

(b) a “relevant loss" means any loss or liability which has been or may be incurred
by a relevant director in connection with that director's duties or powers in relation
to the Company, any associated company or any pension fund or employees’
share scheme of the Company or associated company; and

(c) companies are associated if one is a subsidiary of the other or both are
subsidiaries of the same body corporate.

014.457 1-7890/1/EUROPE
