

===== page 1 =====
Company No. 04967647

COPY WRITTEN RESOLUTION

ee

he 7 L86KMYG3*
(’Company"} | 30/05/2019
COMPANIES HOUSE
PASSEDON {6} -) |____2015

tn accordance with the written resolution procedure in chapter of part 13 of the Companies Act
ica

2006, the following, resolutions were duly passed on

__2015 as special and ordinary

vesolutions as detailed below:

ne

a3

SPECIAL RESOLUTION
That the draft articles of association in the forts attached (creating a new class of deferred
shares). and signed by a director for identification purposes, be adopted as the articles of
association of the Company in substitution tor, and to the exclusion of, the existing articles of
ociation of the Company (including all the provisions of the Company's memorandum of
association which, by virtue of section 28 of the Companies Act 2006, are treated as
provisions of the existing articles of association of the Company).

SPECIAL RESOLUTION

That subject to the passing of resolution 3 and pursuant to section $70 of the Act. the
directors be and are generally empowered to allot equity securities (within the meaning of
section 560 of the Act) for cash pursuant to the authority granted by resolution 3 up to an
aggregate nominal amount of £4.90 as if section S61 of the Act did not apply to any such
allotment; and

(unless previously revoked, varied or renewed) this power shail expire on the fifth
anniversary of the date of this resolution but the Company may make an offer or agreement
before this power expires which would or might require equity securities to be allotted for
cash after this power expires and the directors may alot equity securities for cash pursuant to
any such offer or agreement as if this power had not expired

This power is in addition to all existing powers under section 570 of the Act

ORDINARY RESOLUTION

That. pursuant to section 551 of the Act, the directors be and are generally and
unconditionally authorised to exercise all powers of the Company to allot shares in the

SAD'SKD 31E8O1 120015 UKM 685981022 1

|


===== page 2 =====
Company or to grant rights to subscribe for, or to convert any security into, shares in the
Company up to an aggregate nominal amount of £4.90, pi that (unless previously
revoked. varied or renewed) this authority shall expire on, \ ral _ but
the Company may make an offer or agreement before this authonty expires which would or
might require shares to be allotted or rights to subscribe for. or to convert any security into.
shares to be granted after this authority expires and the directors may allot shares or grant
such rights pursuant to any such offer or agreetnent as if this authority had not expired.

This authority is in addition to all existing authorities under section 551 of the Act which, to
the extent unused at the date of this resolution, are revoked with immediate eftect).

Director

SKD'SKD 311802 120015 UKM 68578) 12.2 2


===== page 3 =====
Company No.: 4967647

THE COMPANIES ACT 1985

PRIVATE COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES

NEW ARTICLES OF
ASSOCIATION

of

AXXSYS LIMITED

SU
\alee cs


===== page 4 =====
CONTENTS.

freee PRELIMINARY

seen DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

. SHARE CAPITAL

stree SHARES.

feeteeeseens LLEN

feet CALLS

iw. TRANSFERS OF SHARES - PROHIBITED TRANSFERS

poe PERMITTED TRANSFERS

Decne cca tees tier nesneeneenreeveessecuessreseevenieenrasiniseerscetscestuetenteerenecrisessicin cnesiecegsecessetanee PRE-EMPTION
10... » VALUATION
i. secre COMPULSORY TRANSFERS
Doctrine ALTERATION OF SHARE CAPITAL
13... sete NOTICE OF GENERAL MEETINGS
14... «PROCEEDINGS AT GENERAL MEETINGS

VOTES OF MEMBERS

scene APPOINT,

NT AND NUMBER OF DIRE

‘TORS

soe ALTERNATE DIRECTORS
TS. etme DD ESQUALIFICATION AND REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS

. VOTING POWER IN SUBSIDIARIES.

-PENSIONS

seen PROCEEDING,

AND POWERS OF DIRECTORS

sen CAPITALISATION

soem SEALS AND EXECUTION OF DOCUMENTS

settee NOTICE

see INDEMNITY

26.. sees PURCHASE OR TRANSFER OF DEFERRED SHARES
DRAG ALONG
— ee ;

29

30


===== page 5 =====
Company no. 4967647
THE COMPANIES ACT (985
PRIVATE COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES
NEW ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
of
AXXSYS LIMITED

(adopted by a special resolution of the Company

passed on )

PRELIMINARY

it

The regulations contained in table A in the scheduie to the Companies (Tabies A to
F) Regulations 1985 (ST i985/80S) (as amended by the Companies (Tables A-F)
(Amendment) Regulations 1985 (SP 1983. 1052). the Companies Act 1985 (Flectronie
Communications) Order 2000 (Sf 2000/3373), the Comrpanies (Tables A-F)
(Amendment) Regulations 2U07 (S1 2007.2541) and the Companies (Vables A-F)
(Amendment) (No, 2) Regulations 2007 (Si 2007 2826)) (“Table A") shail apply to
the Company save insofar as they are excluded or varicd by or are otherwise
inconsistent with these Articles. Regulation | shall be modified by the deletion of the
words “communication” means the same as in the Electronic Communications Act
2000 "electronic communication” means the same as in the Electronic
Communications Act 2000." and Regulations 8, 30, 54. 60 to 65 (inclusive), 67, 76 to
79 (inclusive), St, 87, 89, Tit. t12 and 1415 of Table A shall not apply to the
Company and in addition to the remaining regulations of Table A {as varied hereby)

the following articles constitute the regulations for the management uf the Company

‘The liability of the members of the Conypany is limited to the amount. if any, unpaid

on the shares held by them

DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

SKDISKD 3) E801 120018 UKM 685998247 1


===== page 6 =====
we

In these Articles the following words and expressions shall (except where the context

otherwise requires) have the following meanings:

"1985 Act" means the Companies Act 1985 including any statutory modification or

re-enactment thereof for the time being in force:

"2006 Act" means the Companies Act 2006 including any statutory modification or
re enactment thereof for the time being in force;
“Accepting Shareholder” has the meaning given to it in Article 28.5:

“Act bas the meaning given to it in Table A:

"Acting in Concert” has the meaning given to it in the City Code on Takeovers and

Mergers for the time being,

“A Shares" means the A ordinary shares of £0.10 each in the capital of the Company

from time to time:
“A Shareholder" means a Member holding A Shares:
“Auditors means the auditors for the time being of the Company;

"B Shares" means the B ordinary shares of £0.10 each in the capital of the Company

from time to time

“Board™ means the board of directors for the lime being of the Company or any duly

appointed committee thereof;

"Business Sale" means the sale of assets and’or business of the Company involving
the assignment of the Company's conimercial contracts anc the transfer of its
employees under the Transfer of Undertakings (Protection of Employment)

Regulations;

"Cessation Date” means the date on which a Member ceases to be an employge or
director of the Company for any reason (including death or bankruptcy) or the date on
which a Member gives or is given notice of termination of his employment or the date
of occurrence of a repudiatory breach by him of his employment contract (whichever

is the earlier) or the date on which a bankruptcy or insolvency order is made by a

SKDSKD, F1IR01-120015 UKM 68552424,7

we



===== page 7 =====
court of competent jurisdiction or an administrator or insolvency practitioner is

appointed in relation to any Member:
“Compulsory Sale Notice" has the meaning given in article 11,2;

“Connected Person" shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in section $39 of the

Income and Taxes Act 1988 and the words "connected with" shall be construed

accordingly:

"Control" has the meaning ascribed thereto by section 840 of ihe Income and

Corporation Tuxes Act i988,

"Deterred Shares" means deferred shaves of £0.10 each in the capital of the

Company from time to time:
“Directors” means the directors for the time being of the Company;

"Distributable Profits" has the meaning given to 1 in Section 18i(a) of the 1985

Act;

"Dragging Consent" means a consent or approval in writing by or on behalf of the

Dragging Sharcholders;

"Dragging Shareholders” means the holders for the time being of not less than 75
per cent in Hominal value of the A Shares (excluding any A Shares held as treasury

shares);

"Equity Shares" means the A Shares and B Shares:

it" means a Realisation or Liquidation:

“Family Trast™ means « trust (wheter arising under a settlement inter vivos or a

testament

ty disposition by whomsoever made or on an intestacy) under which the
only persons being for capable of being) beneficiaries are the individual Member
andor his Privileged Relations and no power of control over the voting powers
conferred by such shares is for the time being exercisable by or subject to the consent
of any person other than the trustees as trustees or the individual bencticial owner or

his Privileged Relations;

“Internal Value" hus the meaning given in article 11.5:

SKDISKD 311804 120015 UKM 6855282 h7



===== page 8 =====
"Leaver" means a Member who ceases to be an employee and/or director of the

Company:

“Listing” means the admission of the whole of any class of the issued share capital
of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company to or to trading on a Recognised

Investment Exchange or another exchange on which shares are publicly traded;
“Liquidation” means the passing of a resolution for the winding-up of the Company:

“Majority Shareholder" means a Member holding more than 5% of the issued A

Shares;

"Market Value" means the market value of Shares determined in accordance with

article 10:

"Member" means any registered holder for the dine being of any class of share in,

the Company:
“Original Member" means a beneficial owner (being an individual) of Shares:
“Other Sharcholders" has the meaning given to win Article 28.2

"Period End" means the Company's “quarter-vear", "halt=year" or "3rd-quarter" in

terms of ils accounting reference period.

"Privileged Relation” means in relation to any Member, the Member's spouse for
the time being, parent, brother or sister, and all linear descendants of that Member
(including for this purpose any step-child. adopted child or illegitimate child of the
Member. Ins fincar descendants or uny person who for the lime being is married to
such linear descendants) or any person who for the time being is married to such
linear descendant but no linear descendant may be a Privileged Relation whilst a

minor,

"Proposed Sale" and “Proposed Sellers” have the meanings given to them in
Article 28.2;

"Proposed Transferce" moans a person to whom @ Seller proposes to transfer Sale

Shares:

SKD/SKD 311801 120018 URM 68552



===== page 9 =====
ion" means a Share Sale, Business Sale or a Listing:

"Realis

"Relevant individual” means an employee or director of the Company:

“Recognised Investment Exchange” shall bear the meaning ascribed 10 it in section

285 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000;

“Sale Shares" means Shares which a Seller wishes to transfer:
"Seller" means any Member who wishes to transfer any Shares;
"Shareholder" means a person who is the holder of Shares;
"Shares" means shares in the capital of the Company:

“Share Sale" means the sale (which for these purposes shall exclude any permutted
transfers pursuant to article 8 of these Articles) of any Share or Shares to any person
resulting in that person together with any person acting in concert (within the

meaning of the City Code on Tukeovers and Mergers as in force at the date of the

of 50% of the Shares:

adoption of these Articles) with such person holding in ex

"Table A means the regulations contained in Table A in the schedule to the
Companies (Tables A - F) Regulations 1985 (SL 1985.805) (as amended by the

Companies. Tables A - Fy (Aumudmnent) Regultlions 1983 (81 1983/16 che

Companies Act 1985 (Electronic Conununications Order 2000) (St 2000/3373) and
the Companies (Tables A - F) (Amendment) (No.2) Regulations 2007

(812007/2856)):

"Votal Transfer Condition” means a condition ina Transfer Notice stipulating that
such Transfer Notice is conditional upon all and not some only of the Sale Shares

specified in it being sold:

"Transfer Notice” means a notice in writing by a Seller of his wish to transfer any

Shares in accordance with article 9:
'Vransfer Price” has the meaning given in anticle 9.4;

“working day" has the meaning given lo it in section 1173(1) of the 2005 Act

SKD/SKD 311801120015°UKM 685528247



===== page 10 =====
Nn
tay

Uniess itis specifically stated otherwise, any dispule as to value, or as to calculations
or adjustments to be made, or as to amount, whether io or in respect of Market Value

of Sale Shares ander articles 10 (Valuation} or 11 (Compulsory Transfers) or

otherwise pursuant to these Articles, if not resolved within 15 working days will be
referred to the Auditors for final determination, If the Auditors decline to act in
respect of any such referral, the mauer will be determined by an independent firm of
chartered accountants agreed for the purpose by the parties concerned or, in default of
agreement within S working days afier the Auditors have declined to act. appointed
by the incumbent president of the institute of Chartered Accountants of England and
Wales upon the application of a party. The Auditors or independent accountants (as
the case may be) will act as expert and not as arbiter and their costs will be borne as
directed by the article in question or, if the article ts silent on the point, as directed by
the Auditers/independent accountants. I the absence of any such direction, such
costs will be borne equally between the parties concerned. The written certificate of
the Auditors‘independent accountants (as the case may be) will be conclusive and
binding on the Company and the Members (except in the case of fraud or manifest

error).

Words incorporating the masculine gender only include the feminine and neuter

genders and words tneorporating the singular number only include the plural and vice

versa

Article headings and margin notes are for ease of reference only and do not affect the

construction or interpretation of these Articles.

References to persons skall include bodies corporate, unincorporated associations and

pacinerships.

References to written or in writing shall include any method of representing or

reproducing words in a legible form.

Words and expr

sions defined ii or for the purposes of the Act (excluding any
statutory modification of that meaning not im force when these Articles become
binding on the Company) or Table A shall have the same meanings in these Articles

unless the context otherwise requites

SKDSKD 311801. 12

HTSUKM 6855 2824.7 6



===== page 11 =====
3. SHARE CAPITAL

31

32

33

we
in

3.6

‘The authorised share capital of the Company at the date of adoption of these Anticles

is £74 divided into 490 A Shaves of £0.10 each and 250 B Shares of £0.10 each

Phe A Shares and the B Shares shail constitute different cla: of shares for the

purposes of the Act and any alteration to the memorandum of assaciatton or these
Articles shall be deemed to constitute an alteration to the rights attached to each such
separate class of shares, Until an Exit the B Shares shal! carry a right to receive
notice of, and to attend but not to vote at general meetings of the Company and the B
Shares shall carry no sight or entitlement to dividend. The A Shares and the B Shares
shali otherwise rank pari passu in all respects. Lipon an Exit the B Shares shall carry
a right to receive notice of, and to attend and vote at general meetings of the

Company and shall carry a right and entitlement to dividend

The rights attached to the A Shares and the B Shares may, in each case, be altered or
abrogated (whether or not the Company is being wound up) only with the prior
consent of the holders of the issued Shares of that class giver in accordance with

article 3.4.
‘The consent of the holders ofa class of Shares may be given by:

3.4.1 4 special resolution passed ata separate general meeting of the holders of that

class;

3.4.2 a written resviution in any form s.

gned by or on behalf of the holders of not

jess than 75 per cent in nominal value of the issued Shares of that class.

‘The voting tights of Members set out in article 15 (Votes of Members) are subject to
article 11.6 (Suspension of voting rights during compulsory transfer procedure) and

article 3.7.

A Shares may be converted into Deferred Shares on such terms as may from time to

time be agreed jn writing between a holder of A Shares and the Company.

The holders of Deferred Shares shail. by virtue of or in respect of their holdings of
Detierred Shares, not have the right to receive notice of any general meeting of the

Company nor the right to attend, speak or vot

any such general meeting.

SKD‘SKD 311801 £2001$-UKM 68552524,7 7



===== page 12 =====
4

3.

3.8

The Deferred Shares shal! not entitle their holders to receive any dividend or other
distribution. On a return of capital on a winding up, each holder of a Deferred Share
shall be entitled to receive a sum equal te the nominal capital paid up or credited as
paid up thereon but only after the sum of £10,000,000 per Share has been distributed
amongst the holders of all Shares (other than the holders of the Deferred Shares) and
the holders of the Deferred Shares shall not be entitled to any further participation in
the assets or profits of the Company. Notwithstanding any other provisions of these
articles, and unless specifically required by the provisions of the Act the Company

shail not be required to issue any certificates in respect of the Deferred Shares.

SHARES.

4)

LIEN

Unless otherwise determined by special resolution any A Shares from time to time
created shall be offered to the existing A Shareholders for allotment and issue in

accordance with the following provisions

4.1.1 on each occasion the A Shares shall be offered to the A Shareholders at the

same price per Share and on the same terms as to pay)

4.1.2 no A Shares shall be offered or issued otherwise than to Members already
holding A Shares without the prior svritten consent of all the A Shareholders:

and

4.1.3 the Shares shall be offered amongst the A Shareholders in the same
proportion (as nearly as maybe) to their existing holdings of A Shares or in
such other proportions as al! such Members shall unanimously agree in

writing,

In accordance with section $67(1) of the 2006 Act. sections 56] and 562 of the 2006
Act shall not apply to an allotment of equity securities (within the meaning of section

560 of the 2606 Act) by the Company.

Uniess otherwise determined by special resolution no Shares shall be allotted on
terms that the righi to take up the Shares allotted may be renounced m favour of, or
assigned. to another person and no person entitled to the allotment of a Share may

direct that such Share be alloned or issued to any other person.

SKAYSKN 311801 126015. UKM 6455282147 8


===== page 13 =====
The Company shall have a first and paramount tien on every Share (whether or pot it is a fully
paid Share} for all monies (whether presently payable or not) called or payable at a fixed time
in respect of that Share and the Company shail also have a first and paramount lien on all
Shares (whether fully paid or not} standing registered in the name of any person whether
solely or as one of two or more joint holders for all monies presently payable by him or kis
estate to the Company but the Directors may at any time declare any Share to be wholly or in
part cxempt from the provisions of this article. fhe Company's lien on a Share shail extend to

any dividend or other amount payable in respect thereo!,
6. CALLS

The liability of any member in default in respect of a cai! shull be increased by the addition at
the end of the first sentence of Regulation 18 of the words "and all expenses that may have

been incurred by the Company by reason of non-payment of the call".
7 TRANSFERS OF SHARES - PROHIBITED TRANSFERS
General Prohibitions
7.1 The Directors will not register any transfer of Shares to any of the following:

7A. save in respect of any transfer of Shares made in accordance with article 27,

any persan who, in the opinion of the Directors is carrying: on busine:

directly or indirectly in competition with the Company; or

7.1.2 any person who dues not have legal capacity to aequie such Shares or

otherwise to comply fully with the provisions of these Articles,
Prohibition untess in accordance with those articles

72 Subject to article 7.(, the Directors will not register a transfer of Shares utttess the
transfer is permitted by article 8. (Permitted Transfers} or is effected in accordance

with article 26 or 27.
73 For the purpose of ensuring that:
7.3.1 a transfer of Shares is permitted under these Articles; or

7.3.2 no circumstances have arisen whereby a Transfer Notice is required to be or

ought to have been given:

SKD'SK1D311801°120015 UKM 68532824,> 9



===== page 14 =====
74

the Board may require any Member to procure that any persen whom the Board

reasonably believe(s) to have information relevant to such purpose provides the

Company with such information and evidence as the Board of Director(s) think fit.
Pending the provision of such information the Directors will be entitled to refuse to

register any televant transfer,

Regulations 24 and 26 will not apply to the Company unless it is a transfer pursuant

to this article 7 or articles 9 (Pre-emption) or Lt (Compulsory Transfers}.

PERMITTED TRANSFERS

81

No A Shares or B Shares may be transferred at any time unless in accordance with
this article or article 9 (Pre-emption) and, where applicable, article 28 (Tag Along) or
articles Li (Compulsory Transfer) or 26 (Purchase or Transfer of Deferred Shares) or

27 (Drag Along).

Where any Shares are the subject of a Transfer Notice, no transfers of any such

Shares shal! be permitted pursuant to this article §
Subject to article 8.2, any Share, other than a Deferred Share, may be transferred:

8.3.1 subject to article 8.4. by its Original Member to a person shown to the
reasonable satisfaction of the Directors to be a nominee for such beneficial
owner only. and by any such nominee to the beneficial owner or to another
person shown to the reasonabie satisfaction of the Directors to be a nominee

tor the beneficial owner only: or

8.3.2 subject to article 8.4, by its Original Member tu the trustee or trustees of a
Family Trust, and by any such Privileged Relationfs) or trustee(s) to the
beneficial owner. or to any other person or persons shown to the reasonable
satistaction of the Directors to be a trustee or trustees for the time being (on a

change of trustee) of the Family Trust is question, or

8.3.3 subject to article 84, by an Original Member to his or her Privileged
Relation(s), and by any such Privileged Relation(s) to the Original Member,
or to any other person or persons shown to the reasonable satisfaction of the

Directors to be a Privileged Relation of the Original Member, or

SKD.SKD 31 1X01 120015 UKM 688528247 10


===== page 15 =====
8.3.4 in the case of Shares held by an undertaking, subject to article 8.5, to a group

undertaking of the transferor.
Further transfers by privileged relatives, group members etc.

84 Where Shares are held by one or more nominees of their Original Member, or by a
trustee or trustees of a Family Trust or by one or more Privileged Relations of an

Original Member and at such person ceases to be:

8.4.1 anominec of the beneficial owner of the Shares; or

8.4.2 a trustee of the Family Trust of the beneficial owner of the Shares; or
8.4.3 a Privileged Relation of the Original Member,

such person will on or before the cessation transfer such Shares to the Original
Member or a transferee permitted (as the case may be) under article 8.3.1, article

8.3.2 or article 8.3.3 of such Original Member.

8&5 Where Shares have been transferred under article 8.3.4 (twansfers te group
undertakings) and the transferee ceases to be a group undertaking of the transferor, it
will, on or before the cessation, transfer such Shares to the original transferor or to

another group undertaking of the origina! transferor.

8.6 If a Member fails or refuses to execute and deliver any transfer in respect of uny:

Shares pursuant to its obligations under article 8+ or article 8.5, the Board may

authorise any Director tw execute and deliver the necessary transfer(s) on the

defaulting Member's behalf’ The Board will authorise registration of the transfer, and

of the transferee as the holder of the Shares so transferred. once appropriate stamp
duty Gf any} has been paid. After registration, the title of the transferee as registered
holder of such Shares will not be affected by any irregularity in or invalidity of such

proceedings, which will not be questioned by any person.
9 PRE-EMPTION
Transfer Notices

9.1 Except in the case of a transfer pursuant to articles 8.3 and 8.4 or 27, and subject to
the prohibitions ou uansters set out in article 7, a Seller must vive a Transfer Notice

to the Company,

SKD/SKD 311801120615 UKM.6SS:



===== page 16 =====
92 A separate Transfer Notice will (except as provided in article TL (Compulsory

Transiers)) be required for each class of Shares and will specif
9.2.1 the number and class of Sule Shares:

9.2.2 the identity of the Proposed ‘l'ransferee ff any); and

9.2.2 that the Transfer Notice is subject to a Total Transfer Condition. In the

absence of any such supulation it will be deemed to be so conditional

93 No Transfer Notice will be capable of variation or cancellation without the consent of

the Board

Any Shares held by a Member on the date on which the Transfer Notice is given or

the deemed datv of service of the Transfer Notice will cease to confer the right to be
entitled fo receive notice off attend and vote at any general meeting of the Company,
or any mecting of the holders of any class of Shares with effect from the date on
which the Transter Notice ts given or the deveined date of service of the Transfer
Notice. and such Shares will not be counted in determining the total number of votes
which may be cast at any such meeting, or for the purposes of a written resolution of
any Members of class of Members. Such rights will be restored immediately upon

the Company registering a transfer of the Sale Shares in accordance with article 9.

Transfer Pric

oF The Transfer Notice will constitute the Company as the agent of the Seller for the
transfer of the Sale Shares in accordance with this article 9 at the price of the Sale
Shares as at the date of service or deemed service of the Transfer Notice determined
in accordance with atticle 9.4 (‘Transfer Price’). Uhe Transfer Price will be the
Internal Value of those Sale Shares on the date on which the Transter Notice is

served or deemed to be served.
For A Shaves only, first offer to Members

98 The following provisions of this article 9.5 will apply, subject to article 9.8, to the
tansfer of any A Shares by any Member. On the determination of the Transfer Price,
the Company (in its capacity as agent for the Seller) will give notice in writing to
cach of the Members (other than the Seller and any other Member who has served or

who is deemed to have served a Transfer Notice pursuant to which the sale of such

SKD SID 31/801 {20015 UKM 685



===== page 17 =====
Shares has noi then been concluded} offering the Sale Shares for sale at the Transtor

Price in accordance with articles 9.7 and 9.8. The notice will specify thar the

Members will have a period of up to 20 Business Days from the date of such notice

within which to apply for some or all of the Sale Shares.

Offer to Company

9.6

Subject to article 9.5 in respect of A Shares. the tollowing provisions of this article

9.6 will apply to the vansfer of any Shares (inefucing, for the avoidance of doubt, B

Shares, except as stated tn article 9.6.1) by any Member:

2.6.1

9.6.2

9.63

9.6.4

in relation to the transfer of A Shares, within fen Business Days after the
expiry of the offer period specified in article 9.5 where the toral number of
Sale Shares applied for iy less than the available number of Sale Shares the
Board shall except in relation to Shares which are the subject of a
Compulsory Stile Notice which would then be offered to the Company at the
Transter Price pursuant to the provisions of Part V of the 1985 Act, refuse to

consent to the teansfer:

in relation 10 the transfer of B Shares. on the determination of the Transfer
Price the Board shall direct the Company (in its capacity as agent for the
Seller) immediately to utter at the ‘Transfer Price the Sale Shares to the

Company pursuant to the provisions of Part V of the 1986 Act:

where the Sale Shares have been offered te the Company pursuant to this
aricle 9.6. the Company shall be obliged, subject to having sufficient
Distributable Profits with which to purchase the same, to purchase the Sale
Shares specified in the Transler Notice within 15 days of confirmation from
the Auditors (such confirmation to be made within 10 days foliowing the
finalisation of the Company's next year-end (or Period End should the Board
deem. in its absolute discretion, the preparation of Period End accounts to be

appropriate) that the Company has sufficient Distributable Profits:

if che Company is unable. because of having insufficient Distributable Profits,
to purchase in full the relevant number of Sale Shares within such 15 day
period, the Company shall purchase as many of the Sale Shares as can

lawfully be prechased within that period (if any) and the Company shall



===== page 18 =====
purchase the balance as soon as it is lawfully and property able to do so tn its

following accounting period(s).

9.6.5 — the purchase of all the aforementioned Sale Shares shall be compteted before
the Company shall purchase any further Sale Shares offered to it

subsequently by the Board under the procedure of this article 9.6:

9.6.6 if the Company is unable to purchase the Shares in full within the first initial
1S day period by reason of having insufficient Distributable Profits or not
having other monies which may be lawfully applied for such purchase, then
the amount which would have been paid had such purchase been made so
unpaid shall be incrcased by an amount equal to the interest which would
have accrued had interest on the unpaid amount been charged at the base rate
of The Royal Bank of Scotland Ple in respect of the period from and
including the date on which the initial (5 day period expired down to and
including the date of actual payment and shall be paid as svon thereafter as,
and to the extent that, Distributable Profits or other monies that may be
lawtully applied tor such purchase are shown in the yearend er Peciod-End

accounts,

97 It will be a term of any offer made pursuant to article 9,5 that such Sale Shares shall

be offered among the holders of A Shares in proportion (as nearly as possible) to their

existing holdings of A Shares ("Proportionate Entitiement'). Por the avoidance of
doubt no Member shall be able to buy A Shares in excess of their Proportionate

Entitiement should any such Shares be available.
Allocation of Shares

98 After the expiry of the offer period specified in article 9.5, (or. if sooner, upon valid
appheations being received for all of the Sale Shares in accordance with that article),

the Board wili allocate the Sale Shares as follows:

9$.1 ifthe total number of Sale Shares applied for is equal to the available number
of Sale Shares, cach otferee will be allocated his Proportionate Entitlement;

or

98.2 if the total number of Sale Shares applied for is less than the available

mumber of Sale Shares. no transfers shall take place except in relation to

SKD 'SKD-31180f 130018 UKM 685528247 14


===== page 19 =====
Shares which are the subject of a Compulsory Sale Notice which would then

be dealt with in accordance with the provisions of 9.6.1.

9.9 Allocations of Sale Shares made by the Company pursuant to this article 9 will
constitute the acceptance by the persons to whom they are allocated of the offer to
purchase those Sale Shares on the terms offered to them. provided that no person

shall take more thaa his Proportionate Entitlement.

Completion of sale and purchase of Sale Shares

9.10 The Company will immediately upon allocating any Sale Shares (whether pursuant to
article 9.6 or article 9.8) give notice in writing (“Allocation Notice") to the Seller

and te each person to whom Sale Shares have been allocated specifying:
9.10.1 the number of Sale Shares so allocated;
9.10.2 the ageregste price payable for them: and

9.10.3 the place and tine (being not Iater than five Business Days after the date of

the Allocation Notice) at which the sale of the Sale Shares will be completed.

9.1L Completion of the sate and purchase of Sale Shares in accordance with the Allocation
Notice will take place at the place and time specified in the Allocation Notice when
the Seller will, upon receipt of the due price, transfer those Sale Shares specified in
the Allocation Notice and deliver the relevant Share certificates to the persons to

whom they have been allocated
Defautt by the Seller

9.12 Except in the case of an acquisition of Saute Shares by the Company. if the Seller fails
by the due completion date to execuly and deliver transfers in respect of any of the

Sale Shares whieh he is due to transfer, the Board may authorise any Director to:

9.12.) execute the necessary wansfer{s} on the Seller's behalf, and

9.12.2 against receipt by the Company of the Transfer Price payable for the relevant
Sale Shares (te be held on trust for the Seller without interest) (the receipt
being a good discharge io the offeree whe will not be bound to see to the

application of it). deliver such Wansferts) to the relevant offeree(s).

a

SKIESKD 311801 120015 LKCAEGSSS



===== page 20 =====
The Board will authorise registration of the aansfer(s), and of the offeree(s) as the

hoider(s) of the Sule Shares so transferred, once appropriate stamp duty has been
paid. After registration, the tile of such offeree(s) as registered holder(s) of such Sale
Shares will not be affected by any irregularity in, or invalidity of such proceedings,

which will not be questioned by any person.

In the case of an acquisition of Sale Shares by the Company, if the Seller fails by the

due completion date to transfer andor to deliver the certificates (or a suitable

indemnity) in respect of any

tle Shares, the Board may authorise any Director to

execute, complete and deliver the necessary wansfer and indemnity to the Company
on the Seller's behalf When that instrument has been duly stamped, the Company
swill ensure that such issued share capitai is cancelled in accordance with the Act, and

will hold the purchase monies on trast (without interest) for the Seller,

10. VALUATION

ifthe Auditors (or, by virtue of article 2.2. independent accountants) are required to determine

Market Value, the provisions set out below will upply.

10.f

Market Value will be determined by the Auditors or.

the case may be, independent

accountants, first valuing the Company as a whole:

10.1.1 assuming. if the Company is then carrying on business as a going concern,

that will continue to de soz

10.1.2) assuming that ihe entire issued share capitai of the Company is being sold as
between a wilting buyer and a willing seller by arm’s-length private treaty for

cash payable in full on completion;

10.1.3 taking account of any Shares which may be allotted pursuant to options

which have been issued by the Company and which are stil! outstanding:

10.1.4 taking account of any bona fide offer for the Company received from an.
unconnected third pasty within six montis prior fo the Transfer Notice being

served or deemed (o have been served: and

10.1.5 recognising that in apy other circumstances the Shares are not freely

marketable.

SKD.SRD F 44801 P20015 UKM bxS32824 7 16


===== page 21 =====
10.2 Having valued the Company as a whole, the Auditors or. as the case may be,

independent accountants will determine the Market Value of the Shares concerned:

10.2.1 without having regard to whether the Shares concemed represent a majority

or 2 minority interest: but

10.2.2 having regard to the rights and restrictions attached to the Shares concemed

in respect of income, capital and transfer.

10.3 The costs and expenses of the Auditors for independent accountants) for reporting on
their opinion of the Market Value will be borne us to one half by the Seller and as to
other half by the purchasing Shareholders pro-rata io the number of Sale Shares
purchased by them unless the Seller is permitted to and does revoke the Transfer

Notice under article 9 in whieh case the costs shall be borne solely by him.
11. COMPULSORY TRANSFERS
Circumstances which trigger compulsory transfer
111 ‘This article 11 applies when:
Hit. a Relevant Individual isa Member: and/or

Hib.2 a Relevant Individual has established a lamily Trust which ligtds the Shares.

andor
£1,1.3. a Member holds the Shares as the nomince of a Relevant Individual: and/or

(1.1.4 the Shares are held by a Privileged Relation or other person to whom the

Relevant Individual has transferred Shares under article 8; and/or

1L,L5 the Shares are held by a company. any part of the issued share capital of
whieh is beneficially owned by the Relevant Individual or a Privileged
Relation, Family Trust or other persun te whom the Relevant Individual is

permitted lo vanster Shares under article $

and the Relevant Individual ceases for any reason (including death or bankruptcy) to

be an employee andor director of the Company; and/or

SKD/SKD 34180: 120015 UKM 68982814" 7


===== page 22 =====
sdicion or an

a bankruptcy or insolvency order is made by a court of competent juri
administrator or insolyeney practitioner is appointed in relation to any Meinber in

which circumstances.

Compulsory Pre-emption Procedure

12

4

Within four months alter the Cessation Date the Board may serve notice
("Compulsory Sale Notice") on the Refevant Individual and/or any holder of Shares.

referred to in article U1.1 (or the Privileged Relations of any deceased Member or the

trustee In bankruptey of any bankrupt Member) (cach a "Compulsory Seller" and

together "Compulsory Sellers") requiring cach such person to offer all of the Shares

registered in his or their name{s) or to which he is or they are or may become entitled

whether as a result of his or their holding of Shares or otherwise

The Shares which are the subject of the Compulsory Sale Notice will be offered for
sale (other than to any Compulsory Seller) in accordance with the provisions of
article 9 as if the Compulsory Seller had served a Transter Notice on the date of the
Compulsory Sale Notice. which will apply as if set out in full in this article except to

the extent that they are varied by the following provisions of this article 11.

SRD SKD 31 E801 120015 UKM G85:



===== page 23 =====
Sale Price ~ Leaver

14

The Transfer Price for the Sale Shares will be the intemal Value of the Sale Shares
on the Cessation Date. to be agreed or determined in accordance with articles 2.2 and

Ws:

"Enternal Value" will be the price agreed by the Members in writing (the Members

may from time to time agrce in advance the Internal Value applicable to future

transfers in writing) or. failing agreement, determined by the Auditors (or

independent accountant) in accordance with article 2.2 to be 30% of the Market
Value of such Shares on the Cessation Date (for the purposes of article i 1) or the date
of service or deemed date of service of a ‘Transfer Notice (for the purposes of article
9), according to the principles set oat in article 10, but having regard also to the effect
on the Company of the Relevant Individual in question ceasing to be an employee or

director of the Company, il such be the case.

Suspension of voting rights ducing compulsory transfer procedure

11.6

Transm

117

Any Shares held by a Compulsory Seiler on the Cessation Date (and any Shares

issued to a Compulsory Setler after such date by virtue of the exercise of any right or

option granted or arising by virtue of lus holding of the Sale Shares} will cease to

confer the tight to be entitled toe receive notice of. attend and vote at any general
meeting of the Company, or any meeting of thy holders of any class of Shares with
effect from the Cessation Date for, where appropriate. the date of issue of such
Shares, if later), and such Shares will net be counted ia determining the total mumber
of votes which may be cast at any such meeting, or for the purposes of a written
resolution of any Members or class of Members. Such rights will be restored
immediately upon the Company registering a transfer of the Sale Shares in

accordance with article 9.

sion of Shares
Regulations 29 to 31 shall take effect subject to articles 11.8 and 11.9,

Without prejudice to artigles LE.f and 11.2 {the provisions of which, when operable,
will override the provisions of this article 11,8 and the provisions of articles 11.7 and.
11.9), a person entitied to a Share or Shares in consequence of the death, bankruptey,

receivership or liquidation of a Member or otherwise by operation of law shail be

SKD'SKD'

ig01 12U

OIS URM 68552



===== page 24 =====
bound at any Gime, if culled upon in writing to do se by the Directors not later than 90
days after the Directors receive notice from the person concerned that he has become
sv entitled. to give a Transfer Notice (without specifying a Transfer Price) in respect
of all of the Shares thea registered in the name of the deceased or insolvent Member
in accordance with the provisrons of article 9, which will apply as if set out in full in

this article.

119 Tf any stich person fails to give a Transfer Notice in accordance with article 11.8

within [0 Business Days alter being called upon to do so:

11.9.1 the Board may authorise any Director to execute and deliver a transfer of the
Shares concerned to a person appointed by the Directors as a nominee for the

person entitled to the Shares: and

11.9.2 the Company may give a good receipt for the purchase price of such Shares,
register the purchaser or purchasers as the holders of them and issue
certificates for the same to such purchasers. After registration, the title of
such purchaser of purchasers as registered holder(s) of such Shares will not
be affected by any irregularity in, or invalidity of. such proceedings, which
will not be questioned by any person. In any such case the person entitled to
the Shares as a consequence of the death, insolvency or otherwise by
operation of lay will be bound to deliver up the certificates for the Shares
concerned to the Company whereupon he will become entilled to recerve the
purchase price. in the meantime, the purchase price will be held by the

Company on trust for such person without interest.

1f.10 Notwithstanding any other provision of these Articles any Deferred Share that is the

subject of e Transfer Notice shall be transferred tor ne consideration.
12, ALTERATION OF SHARE CAPITAL,

Regulation 32 of Table A shall be read and construed as if the word "ordinary" in the frst line

were replaced by the word "special".

13, NOTICE OF GENERAL MEETIN

The Company shall give notice of all general meetings of the Company to each Member
whether or not that Member bas given to the Company an address within the United Kingdom

at which notices may be given to him

SKD'SKD 31/805 °120015°UKM 85528247 20


===== page 25 =====
14, PROCEEDIN

14.1

14.2

14.3

Id

38 AT GENERAL MEE

INGS

Save when the Company has only one Member, the quorum for a general meeting of

the Company shall be those persons holding 75% of the Shares:

tying the right to

vote upon the business to be transacted.

{In Regulation 44 the words "of the Class of Shares the holders of which appointed
him as director” shall be substituted for the words “any Class of Shares in the

Company”.

A poll may be demanded by any Member present in person or by proxy or (in the
case of a corporate Member) by a duly authorised representative and Regulation 46 of

Table A shall be modified accordingly.

A Director (including an alternate Director) shall not require any shareholding

qualification but shall nevertheless be entitled lo receive notice of and attend and

speak at any general mecting of the Company

18. VOTES OF MEMBERS

is.

Regulation 56 shall be modified by the deletion of the words “instruments of proxy,
not less than 48 hours before the time appuinted for holding" and substituting instead
the words "forms af proxy, within the ime limits prescribed by these Articles for
deposit of forms of proxy fer use at" and by including the words “or poll” after the

words “adjourned meeting”

Regulation $9 shall be medificd by including the words “and on a show of hands"
after the words "On a poll” and by including the words ". provided that each proxy is
appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares beld by him.
When fo or more valid but different forms of proxy or appointments of proxy by
electronic means are delivered or reccived in respect of the same share for use at the
same meeting. the one which is last validly delivered or reecived (regardless of its
date or the date of its execution) shall be treated as replacing and revoking the
other(s) as regards that share, If the Company is unable to determine which was last
delivered or received. none of them shall be treated as valid in respect of that share”

after the words “to attend on the same occasion”,

SKIS MISOL 1200) SKM 4%

21


===== page 26 =====
15.6

Subject to article 15.4, a form appointing a proxy shall be in writing in any form
which is usual, or in any form which the Directors may approve, and shall be

executed by or on behalf of the appointor,

Subject to the Act. the Directors may resolve to ailow a proxy to be appointed by
electronic meuns subject to such Himitations, restrictions or conditions as the
Directors think fit (including. without fimitation. the ability to require such evidence
as they consider appropriate to decide whether the appointment of a proxy in such

manner is effective).
In order for the appointment ofa proxy te be valid

15.9.1 (in the case of an appoinunent of a proxy by hard copy) the form of proxy

together with the relevant documents. if any. must be:

is.5.11 received lett at or sent by post to the office (or such other
place within the United Kingdom as may be specified in the
notice convening the meeting and’or in any form of proxy or

other accunipanying document sent out by the Company in

eelatton to the meeting) by the relevant time: or

(5.3.1.2 duly delivered in accordanee with article 15.7;

3.5.2 Gn the case of an appointment of proxy by clectronic means) the

communication appointing the proxy by electronic means together with the

relevant evidence must be received at the address by the relevant time.

For the purposes of article 15.5

15.6.1 for the purpose of appointing a proxy by electronte means. “address” means

the number or address which has been s

sified hy the Company for the

purpose of receiving cumimunications appointing proxies by electronic

means:

15.6.2 "velevant documents" means either (i) the power of attorney or olher
authority relied on to sign the form of proxy, er (it} a copy of such document
certified as a true copy of the original by a notary or solicitor or certified in

some other way approved by the Directors:

SKD SKD 3( 1801 120015-UKKM 68552824," 22


===== page 27 =====
15.6.3 “relevant evidence” means any evidence required by the Directors in

accordance with the provisions of article 15.4, and.
15.64 "relevant time" means:

(a) 48 hours before the lime appointed for the commencement of the

meeting or adjoumed meeting to which the proxy appointment

relates; or

(b) in the case of 2 poll taken more than 48 hours afier it is demanded, 24

hours before the time appointed for the taking of the pall

In calculating the relevant time or any other period of time referred to in this article

15.6.4, any part of a day hat is nota working day shall be exclnded.

Ifa meeting is adjourned for less (han 48 hours or if a poll is not taken immediately
but is taken not more than 48 hours after it was demanded. a proxy appointment may
be delivered im bard copy form ut the adjoumed meeting or at the meeting at which
the poll was demanded to any Director or che secretary. In caleutaling the periods:
referred to in this article 15.7. any part of a day that is net a working day shail be

excluded.

A vote given or poll demanded by pro’

or by u duly authorised representative of a
corporation shall be valid even though the authority of the person voting or
demanding a poll has previously terminated. uniess notice of the termination was

received by the Company:
15.8.4 {in the case of'a duly authorised representative of « corporation) at the office:

13.8.2 (where the proxy was appointed by a form of proxy in hard copy form) at the

office or such other place as is specified for depositing such form of proxy:

15.8.3) (where the proxy was appointed by electronic means) at the address (as

specified in article 15.6);

in each case (i) at lease 48 hours (excluding any part of a day which is nota working
day) betore the tane appointed for the commencement of the meeting cer adjourned
meeting at which such vote is given or (i1) in the case of a poll taken otherwise than

at or on the same day as the meeting or adjourned meeting, at least 24 hours

iy
ied



===== page 28 =====
16. APPOINTME.

16.1

16.2

16.3

16.4

16.5

17.

17.2

(excluding any part of a day which is not a working day} before the time appointed

tor the taking of the pol! at which the vote is east .

D NUMBER OF DIRECTORS

Each Majority Shareholder shall have the right to appoint one person as a director of
the Company (subject to first’ obtaining the written approval of the other A
Shareholders in respect of such person (other than the Majority Shareholder bimself
where such approval shall not be required} such approval not to be unreasonably
withheld or delayed and to remove from office such person as appointed and to
appoint another person in his place and, for so long as the remaining shareholders (or
theic Permitted ‘Lransferees} huld A Shares, they shall not vote their A Shares so as to

remove such person from office:

Unless and unl otherwise determined by spectal resolution of the Company the

han 4.

number of Dircetors (other than alternate Directors) shal! not be te

Neither tie Company nor its Directors shall have power to fill any vacancy on the

Board or to appoint any person as an additional Director.

Every Director appointed pursuant to this article [6 shall be entitled from time to
time to make such disclosure to his appointor about the business and affairs of the

Company and its subsidiaries as he shail in his absolute diseretion determine.

The Direetors shall not be required to retire by rotation. The last sentence of
regulation $4 shall not apply and any relerence in regulations to retirement by

rotation shall be disregarded.

Any Director (other than an alternate Directory may appoint any other person willing
so to act to be an alternate Director and may remove from office an alternate Director

so appointed by him.

An alternate director ceases to be an alternate for his appointer when his appointor

ceases to be a director.

18. DISQUALIFICATION AND REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS

The office of Dircetor shall be vacated if any Director:

SKDYSKIN31 1861-12001 5 URM 68552824.7 24


===== page 29 =====
18.1 has an order made in respect of him under section of the 252 Insolvency Act 1986 or
has a petition presented in respect of him under scetion 264 of that act or if he makes

any arrangements or composition with his creditors generally:

18.2 becomes prohibited trom being a Director by reason of any order made under section

16 of the Company Directors Disqualification Act 1986 or under any other statute;

18.3 in the reasonable opinion of all his co Directors becomes incapable by reason of

mental disorder of discharging his duties as a Director:
184 resigns his office by written notice to the Company;

18.5 shall tor more than six months have been absent without the permission of the

Directors from the meetings of the Directors heli during that period and the Directors

resolve that his office shall be vacated; or
186 is removed trom office by his appointor pursuant to these Articles.
19 VOTING POWER EN SUBSIDIARIES.

‘The Directors may exercise the voting power conferred by the Shares in any other company
held or owned by the Company in such manner in all respects as they think fit including the
exercise thereof in favour of any resolution appointing them or any of their number as
directors or officers of such other company or providing for the payment of remuneration to
the directors or officers of such other coinpany and a Director may vote in favour of the
exercise of such voting rights in the manner aforesaid notwithstanding that he may be or be
about lo become a director or officer of such other company and as such or in any other

manner is or may be interested in the exer of such voting rights as aforesaid,

20, PENSIONS

The Board may establish and maintain or procure the establishment and maintenance of any
non contributory or contributory pension, provident or superannuation funds for the benefit of
and give or procure the giving of donations, gratuities. pensions, allowances or emoluments to
any persons who are or were al any time in the employment or service of the Company or of
any Subsidiary or any body corporate which is an associate (within the meaning of section 52
of the Companies Act 1989) of the Company or of any Subsidiary or who are or were at any
time Directors or officers of the Company or of any such other company as aforesaid and

holding any salaried employment or office in the Company or such other company and the

i
Om

SKD/SKD.311801 120015/UKAE 68S:



===== page 30 =====
spouses, widows, widowers, families and dependants of any such persons and also establish

and subsidise or subseribe to anv institutions, associations, clubs or funds calculated to be for

the benefit of or to advance the interests and well being of the Company or of any other such
company as aforesaid or of any such persen as aforesaid and make payments for or towards
the insurance of any such persons as aforesaid and subscribe or guarantee money for any
charitable or benevolent objects or for any exhibition or for any public, general or useful
object and do any of the matters aforesaid cither alone ur in conjunction with any such other
company as aforesaid. Subject always (if the Act shall so require) to particulars with respect
to the proposed payment being disclosed to the Members and to the proposal being approved
by the Company any Director holding any such employment or office shall be entitled to
participate in and retain for his own benefit any such donation, gratuity, pension, allowance or

erolument.

21. PROCE

(DINGS AND POWERS OF DLRECTORS

21.1 Regulation 88 of Table A shall be read and construed as if the word "not" in line 3
thereof were omitted and as if the word "not" were inserted between the words "shall"

and “have” in line 5 thereof,

21.2 The querum necessary for the transaction of business of the Directors whether at a
meeting of the Board or any duly appointed committee thereof shall be those persons
constituting a majority of the appointed commiitee/board members. A person who
holds otfice only as an alternate shall in the absence of his appointor be counted as
part of the quorum whether or not he is also a Director and therefore counted as part

of the quorum in his own capacity:

21.3 The Directors nay exercise all the powers of the Company to borrow money and to

mortgage or charge its undertaking. property and uncalled capital or any part thereof

and fo issue debentures, debenture stock and other securities whether outright or as

security for any debt. liability or obligation of the Company or of any third party.

2t4 A Director may vote as a Director on any resolution concerning any contract or
arrangement in which he is interested including any appoiniment to office or
employment with the Company or any bedy corporate in which the Director is
interested or upon any matter arising thereout and if he shatl so vete his vote shall be

counted and he shall be counted in reckoning a quorum when any such contract or

SKDSKD.31 1801 120015 LIKM 68852834.7 26


===== page 31 =====
arrangement is under consideration and regulations 94 and 97 of Table A shall be

modified accordingly.

21.5 Any Director enabled to participate in the proceedings of a meeting by means of a
communication device (including a telephone) which allows all the other Directors
present al such meeting (whether in person or by alternate or by means of such type
of communication device) to hear at al! times all other Directors present at such
meeting (whether in person or by alternate or by means of such type of
communication device} shall be deemed to be present at such meeting and shall be

counted when reckoning a quorum.
22, CAPITALISATION

Regulation 110 of Table A shall be read and construcd as if the words "special resolution"
were substituted for the words "ordinary resolution” in the first line thereof and on any

oveasion when Shares are allotted and disiributed as fully paid pursuant to the provisions of

Regulation 110 the Shares allotied to Members already holding A Shares shall forthwith be
converted into A Shares and the Shares allotted to Members already holding B Shares shall

forthwith be converled into B Shares.

23. SEALS AND EXECUTION OF DOCUME:

23.1 The Directors may provide a common seal for the Company and shall have power
from lime to time to destrvy the same and to substitute a new seal in its place, The

Directors shal! provide for the safe custody of every seal of the Company.

23.2 Documents may only be executed on behalf of the Company if such execution is

authorised by a resolution of the Directors or of a committe of the Directors which
authority may be of a general nature and need not apply only to specitic documents or

transactions. Every document so authorised to be es

&

cuted on behalf of the Company

shall be signed by one Director and the Secretary or by two Directors (whether or not

the Directors have also resolved that the common seal shall also be affixed to such

document).

wD
a]

SKD/SKD 311301 1200154UKM 68552824.7



===== page 32 =====
24. NOTICES

24.4 Any notice or other document to be given te or by any person pursuant to these

Articles (other than a notice calling a meeting of the Directors) shall be in writing

24.2 Subject to the Aricles, any notice or other document to be sent or supplied:

24.2.4 toa Member hy the Company muy be sent or supplied in accordance with and
in any way which the 2006 Act provides for documents or information to be

sent or supplied by a company: and

24.2.2 by anyone to the Company nay be sent or supplied in accordance with and in
any way in which the 2006 Act provides for documents or information to be

sent or supplied to a company,

24.3 Nothing in article 24.2.1 shall affect any provision of the Act requiring offers, notices

or documents to be served on. or delivered to, a Member in a particular way.

24.4 Any notice or other document sent or supplied by the Company to a Member (or any

person entitled to receive netice under these Articles} shall:

24.4.1 if sent in accordance with section 1147 of the 2006 Act be deemed to have
been received by the intended recipient at the time prescribed by that section
save that in caleulating a perivd of hours for the purposes of that section

account shall be taken of any part af a day that is not a working day ;

24.4.2 if sent to the intended recipient at his registered address outside the United
Kingdom or at an address specified by him for the purpose outside the
United Kingdom be deemed to have been received 72 hours after it was

posted provided that it was properly addressed and pre-paid as airmail; and

if delivered personally or by hand to vr left at a registered address or an
address specified for the purpose by the intended recipient be deemed to have

been received by the intended recipient on the day it was so delivered or left,

re
&
in

In the case of joint holders of a Share:

24.5.1 all notices and other documents shall be given or sent to the person named
first in the register in respect of the joint holding and notice so given shall be

sufficient notice to all joint holders: and

28



===== page 33 =====
24.5.2 any request for consent to receipt of communications in electronic form
andor by means of a website shall be sent to the person first named in the
register in respect of the joint holding and any express consent (or deemed
consent) given by such holder to the receipt of communications in such

manner shall bind all joint holders.

ty
wn

INDEMNITY

Subject to the provisions of the Act and in addition to such indemnity as is contained in
Regulation 118 of Table A every Director, officer or official of the Company shal! be entitled
to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against al} losses or liabilities incurred by:

him in or about the execution and discharge of the duties of his office.
26. PURCHASE OR TRANSFER OF DEFERRED SHARES

26.1 Neither the cancellation of the Deferred Shares for no consideration by means of a
reduction of capital in accordance with chapter 10 of part 17 of the 2006 Act
(including, without limitation, 2 reduction of capital supported by solvency
statement} nor the obiaining by the Coinpany. nor the making by the Court of, any
order contirming any such reduction of capital nor the becoming effective of any
such court order shall constitute a variation, modification or abrogation of the rights
attaching to the Deferred Shaves and accordiny!y the Deferred Shares may at any time
be cancelled for no consideration by means of a reduction of capital effected in
accordance wilh the 2006 Act without sanclion on the part ef the holders of the

Deferred Shares,

26.2 If at any lime there are any issued Deferred Shares, the Company shall hereby be
deemed to have irrevocable authority at any time to appoint any person to execute. on.
behalf of the holders of such Deferred Shares, a transfer of some or all of such
Deferred Shares to such person as the Company may determine as custodian thereof
andor to purchase the same (in accordnce with the provisions of chapter 4 of part 18
of the 2006 Act} in any such case fora price not more than an aggregate sum of £1.00
for all such Deferred Shares transferred andor purchased (as applicable) without
obtaining the sanction of the holder or holders thereof and pending such transfer

andor purchase to retain the certificates for such Deferred Shares.

26.3. Any director of the Company may, as agent for such holder of Deferred Shares,

execute the necessary iransfer(s) or buy-back agreement or such other documentation

SKD/SK {31 1801/1 20018 UKAL 68552824.7 29


===== page 34 =====
27,

26.4

DRAG

a7

as is required on behalf of that holder of Deferred Shares in respect of the purchase of
any of the Deferred Shares by the Company and deliver such transferts) or buy-back

agreement or other documentation as is required to the Company

The Board will authorise registration of any transfer(s} or buy-back(s) of Deferred
Shares in accordance with articles 26.) aad 26.3. After such registration, the tide of
the person to whom such Deferred Shares have been transferred as registered holder
of such shares will not be affected by any irregularity in. or invalidity of, such

proceedings, which will not be questioned by any person.
ALONG

If the Dragging Shareholders wish to transfer (whether through a single transaction or
a serics of related twansactions) all af the Equity Shares registered in their name to a
purchaser andor to any of its Connected Persons and’or to any other persons with
whom it is Acting in Coneert (together the “Drag Buyer"). the Diagging
Shareholders shat] have the right by notice (‘Drag Along Notice") to cach of the
other Shareholders, other than the Company when it holds Shares as treasury shares.
("Dragged Shareholders") to require all such Dragged Shareholders to sell and
tanster the legal and beneficial title to all of the Equity Shares registered in their
name ("Dragged Shares") (free from all liens, charges and encumbrances and
together with all rights attaching to them and with full ite guarantee) to the Drag
Buyer (or as the Drag Buyer may direct) in accordance with the provisions of this

article 27,

A Drag Along Notice may be given to the Dragged Shareholders at any time before
the completion of the transfer of the Dragging Shareholders’ Equity Shares to the

Drag Buyer (or as the Drag Buyer may direct). It shall specify:

27.2.) that the Dragged Sbarcholders are required to transfer all their Shares

pursuant to this article 27;

.2 the identity of the Drag Buyer (and, if relevant, the transferee(s) to whom the

Drag Buyer directs the Dragged Shares ure to be transferred);

27.2.3 the amount (if any} and form of consideration for which the Dragged Shares

are to be transferred (determined in accordance with articles 27.4 to 27.5);

27.2.4 the proposed, place, date and time of transfer: and

SKD‘SKD-3118U 1120015 UKM 685

30



===== page 35 =====
27.2.5 the other terms and conditions of sale to which the Dragged Shareholders are

required to adhere (determined in accordance with article 27.8),

and shall be accompanied by all documents required to be executed by the Dragged

Shareholders to give effect to the relevant transfer and, {if relevant) a form of election
for any alternative consideration offered by the Drag Buyer Qwith Dragging Consent)

pursuant to article 27.7.

27.3 A Drag Along Notice may be revoked by the Dragging Shareholders at any time prior
to the completion of the sale and purchase of the Dragged Shares by notice to the

Dragged Shareholders.

274 The amount (if any) of consideration for which the Dragged Sharcholders shall be
obliged to sell each of their Dragged Shares shall be that to which they would be
entitled if the aggregate value of the total consideration to be paid by the Drag Buyer
for all of the Dragging Shareholders! Equity Shares and the Dragged Shares as a
whole was allocated to the Dragging Shareholiers and the Dragged Shareholders in
the order of priority set out in article 3 (Share Capital). If any of the consideration to
be paid by the Dray Buyer is to be deferred or is otherwise not payable until after
coipletion of the sale of the Dragging Shareholders’ Equity Shares and the Dragged
Shares to the Drag Buyer (or as the Drag Buyer may direct), any initial consideration
to be paid at the time af such completion shail be allocated to the Dragging

Shareholders and the Dragged Shareholders in the order of priority set out in article 3

(Share Capital) and if) and to the extent that, any deferred or other consideration is
subsequently to be paid by the Drag Buyer it shall be allocated to the Dragging
Shareholders and the Dragged Shareholders in the order of priority set out in article 3
(Share Capital) after taking into account any prior allocations of consideration that

have already taken place.

27.5 For the avoidance of doubl, "tetal consideration” for the purposes of article 27.4
shail be construed as meaning the value or worth of the total consideration regardless
of the forn of the total consideration and shall exclude any offer to subscribe for or
acquire any share, debt instrument or other security in the capital of any Drag Buyer
(or a Member of the Same Group as the Drag Buyer) made to a Shareholder which is
in addition to the consideration proposed to be paid by the Drag Buyer for all the

I:quity Shares.

SKD.SKD'31130] 126015 URM 68: 31



===== page 36 =====
27.6 — The amount of consideration (if any) to be paid by the Drag Buyer for the Dragged
Shares (as determined in accordance with article 27.4) shall be paid in cash or in such
other form of non-cash consideration with an equivalent cash value as shall be elected

by the Drag Buyer (with Dragging Consent}, provided that:

27.6.1 the form of any non-cash consideration and the proportion of cash and/or any
non-cash consideration to be paid for the Dragged Shares shall be the same

for cach Dragged Shareholder:

27.6.2 the form of any non-cash consideration io be paid for the Dragged Shares

shall be the same as the form of any non-cash consideration to be paid for the

Dragging Shareholders’ Equity Shares: and

27.6.3. the proportion of cash and’yr any non-cash consideration to be paid for the
Dragged Shares shall be the same as, or a greater proportion of cash than, the

proportion of cash and’or any non-cash consideration to be paid for the

Drayzging Shareholders’ Equity Shares.

tw
a
La

The Drag Buyer (with Dragging Consent) may also offer all of the Dragged

Shareholders another form of consideration and a ditterent proportion of cash and/or

non-cash consideratson which they may elect to receive as an altemative in whole or

in part to the consideration set out in the Dra

Along Notice.

27.8 Subject to articles 27.4 to 27.7, the Dragged Shares shali be acquired on the same, or
no more onerous, tenus and conditions Cincluding the same. or no more onerous,
representations, warranties, covenants, undertakings, indemnities and requirements

relating to contributing to any retention (if any)) for which:

27.8.1 where there are Dragging Shareholders with the sane class of Shares as the

holder of the relevant Dragged Shares. those Drageing Shareholders; or

27.8.2 otherwise, the A Shareholders,

are selling their Equity Shares, disregarding any terns and conditions which are nor
directly related to the sale of lhe Dragging Sharcholders' Equity Shares.

27.9 Completion of the sale and purchase of the Dragged Shares shall take place on the
sane date and at the same time and place as the sale of the Dragging Shareholders’
Equity Shares to the Drag Buyer (or as the Drag Buyer may direct) unless all of the

Dragged Shareholders and the Dragging Shareholders otherwise agree, in which case

SKD/SICD'311807920015-UKM 68552824.7 32


===== page 37 =====
27.10

27.11

coinpletion of the sale and purchase of the Dragged Shares shall take place on a date

that is no more than 20 Business Days later.

On or before the Drag Completion Date each Dragged Shareholder shail deliver to

the Company:

27.10.1 duly executed transfers of the Dragged Shares registered in ils name in favour

of the Drag Buyer (or as the Drag Buyer directs in the Drag Along Notice):

27.10,.2 the relevant share certificate(s) in respect of those Dragged Shares (or an
indemnity in a form reasonably satistactory to the Directors for any lost

certificates);

27.10.34 duly executed sale agreement (in a form agreed by the Dragging

Shareholders}; and

27.104 any other related documents required by the Dragging Sharehulders to be

executed by Wie Dragged Shareholders.

Subject to compliance with article 27.10 and to the extent only that the Drag Buyer
has put the Company in the requisite cleared funds or other form of consideration, the
Company shali on the Drag Completion Date pay, on behalf of the Drag Buyer, to

each of the Dragged Shareholders in respect of its Dragged Shares the consideration

(ifany) it is due in accordance with artictes 27.4 to 27.7, less any amount that ts to be
deducted trom such consideration pursuant to article 27.13. Payment to the Dragged
Shareholder shall be made to the relevant Dragged Sharehoider’s last known address

on the Company's register of member, The Company's receipt of the requisite cleared

funds or other form of consideration from the Drag Buyer shall be a good discharge
to the relevant Drag Buyer. Pending compliance by each Dragged Shareholder with
its obligations in article 27.10, the Company shall hold the funds or other form of
consideration received fron) the Drag Buyer in respect of the Dragyed Shares (less
any amount that js to be deducted from such funds pursuant to article 27.13 on trust

for the Dragged Shareholders. withoul any obligation to pay interest.

Unless and to the extent that the Dragging Shareholders otherwise direct the
Company in writing, upon any person (other than the Drag Buyer or its nominee),
following the date of service of a Drag Along Notice, becoming a Shareholder (or

increasing an existing shareholding in the Company) including pursuant to the

SKD/SKD'311801 120015 URM 68552824," 33



===== page 38 =====
exercise of any option, warrant or uther right to acquire or subscribe for, or to convert

any security into, Shares ("New Shareholder" }:

27.12.La Drag Along Notice on the same tertns as the previous Drag Along Notice
shall be deemed to have been served upon the New Shareholder, who shall
then be bound to sell and transfer the legal and beneficial title to all such
Shares acquired by hiin (free from aff liens, charges and encumbrances and
together with all rights attaching to them and with full utle guarantee} to the

Drag Buyer (or as the Drag Buyer mav direct); and

27.12.2 the provisions of this article 27 shall apply (with necessary modifications) to

the New Shareholder as if it were a Dragged Shareholder, except that, where
completion of the sale and purchase of the Dragged Shares to the Dragged
Buyer (or as the Drag Buyer may direct) has already taken place, the
completion date of the sale and purchase of the Shares shall take place an

such date as the Drag Buyer shall deterinine.

27.13 The reasonable transaction fees, costs and expenses incurred by the Dragging

Shareholders and the Dragged Shareholders that (as detennined by the Dragging
Shareholders) are attributable to the transfer of Shares made in accordance with this
article 27 shall be borne by each of the Dragging Shareholders and the Dragged

Shareholders pro rata to their holdings of Shares being wansferred. An amount equal

lo the Dragged Sharcholders' proportionate share of such fees. costs and expenses

shall. if the Dragying Shareholders so requires, be deducted by the Company from the
amount of consideration which the Dragged Shareholders are entitled to receive for
their Dragged Shares (as determined in accordance with article 27.4) and shall be

used to pay their proportionate share of such fees. costs and expenses

28. TAG ALONG

28.1

we
a
io

This article 28 shall not apply to a Proposed Sale in respect of which a Drag Along

Notice has been served or Which is in accordance with article § (Permitted Transfers).

lf one of more Shareholders ("Proposed Sellers") proposes to transfer to any person
(whether through a single transaction or a series of related transactions) such number
of Equity Shares which would, if registered, result in such person (together with its
Connected Persons and any other persons with whom it is Acting in Concert)

(together the "Tag Bayer") obtaining the ownership of not less than 50 per cent in

SKD'SKD 3118017! 20015 UKM.68552824 7 34


===== page 39 =====
nominal value of the Equity Shares (including any Equity Shares held as treasury

shares) ("Proposed Sale"), the Proposed Sellers shall not be entitled to transfer such
Eguity Shares and no such Equity Shares shall be capable of being purchased or
transferred unless the Tag Buyer (or the Company in its capacity as agent for the Tag
Buyer) shall have offered ("Tag Offer") in accordance with this article 28 to
purchase from each of the other Equity Shareholders (not being a Tag Buyer}
("Other Shareholders") such proportion of the Equity Shares registered in their
name ("Tagged Shares"} as is equa! to the proportion which the Equity Shares that
the Proposed Sellers are proposing to transfer to the Tag Buyer bears to the Proposed

Sellers’ total holding of Equity Shares.
28.3 A Tay Offer shall be made by notice specifying:
28.3.1. the identity of the Tay Buyer:

28.3.2 the number of Equity Shares that the Proposed Sellers are proposing to
iansfer to the Tag Buyer and the proportion that this bears to the Proposed
Sellers’ total holding of Equity Shares end the number of Equity Shares that

the Tag Buyer is therefore offering to purchase from the Other Sharcholders;

28.3.3 the amount and form of consideration and the proportion of cash and/or
securities that the Tag Buyer is proposing to pay for each of those Equity

Shaves (determined in accordance with article 28.4),
28.3.4 the proposed, place, date and time of transfer:

28.3.5 a time (being not less than 1G Business Days) within which the offer, if not

accepted, shall be deemed to be declined: and

28.3.6 to the extent not set out in the accompanying documents. any other terms and
conditions of sale on which the Tag Buyer is proposing to purchase the

Proposed Sellers’ and the Accepting Shareholders’ Equity Shares.

and shall be accompamed by all documents required to be executed by the Other
Sharcholders if they accept the Tag Offer.

28.4 9 The amount and form of consideration and the proportion of cash and/or securities
which the Tag Buyer shali offer and is proposing to pay for each of the Tagged
Shares shall be the same as that offered and to be paid for each of the Proposed

Sellers’ Equity Shares being transferred to the Tag Buyer pursuant to the Proposed

SKDYSKD 311801 120015 UKM 68S52824.7 35


===== page 40 =====
Sale, save that the actual amount (if any) of consideration which each of the Proposed
Sellers and the Accepting Shareholders shail receive for the Shares they are
transferring shall be thai to which they would be entitled if the aggregate value of the
total consideration as a whole to be paid by the Tag Buyer for such Shares was
allocated to the Proposed Sellers and the Accepting Shareholders in the order of

priority set out in article 3 (Share Capital).

28.5 Each Other Shareholder who accepts the Tag Offer within the offer period

("Accepting Shareholder") shalf be required to:

28.5.1 transfer the legal and beneficial title to all of his Yapged Shares to the Tag
Buyer free from all liens, charges and encumbrances and together with all

rights attaching to them and with full ide guarantee;

28.5.2 subject to article 28.4. sell his Tagged Shares on the same terms and
conditions (including the same representations, warranties, covenants,
undertakings. indemnities and requirements relating to contributing to any
retention) as are to be given te and by the Proposed Sellers pursuant to the

Proposed Sale:

deliver to the Tay Buver the share certitivates for his Tagged Shares (or an

indemnity in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Directors for lost
certificates) and a duly executed sale agreement (in a form agreed by the

Proposed Sellers) setting oul the relevant terms and conditions of sale; and

28.5.4 pay his proportionate share of such fees. costs and expenses that are to be

borne by the Accepting Shareholders pursuant to article 28.9.

28.6 Completion of the sale and purchase of any lagged Shares in respect of which the
Tay Offer has been accepted shall be conditional upon, and shall take place on the
same date and at the saute time and place as. the completion of the Propased Sale
{unless any of the Accepting Shareholders and the Tag Buyer (with Dragging
Consentt} agree otherwise), save that if any Accepting Shareholder fails (0 comply
with his obligations under article 28.5 on or before the completion of the Proposed

Sale:

28.6.1 the completion of the Proposed Sale may be made without the completion of

the sale and purchase of that Accepting Shareholder's Tagged Shares

SKDISKD 311801 120015. UKM 68852524.7 36


===== page 41 =====
(provided that it shall be on ny more favourable terms and conditions to the

Proposed Sellers than those stated in the original Tag Olfer), and

28.6.2 the Tag Buyer shall not be under any further obligation to purchase those

Tagged Shares

28.7. [fF some or all of the Other Shareholders do not accept the Tag Offer within the offer
period, the completion of the Proposed Sale niay be nade within three months of the
end of that period (provided thal it shal! be on no more favourable terms and

conditions lo the Proposed Sellers than those stated in the original Tag Offer).

28.8 If a Compulsory Sale Notice is served on an Accepting Shareholder before the
transter of that Accepting Shareholder's Tagged Shares to the Tag Buyer, the Tag

Buyer shall be entitled (with Dragging Consent) to cither:

28.8.1 continue with the purchase of those Tagged Shares. subject to changing the
price to the price determined in accordance with article {1 (Compulsory
Transfers), in which case the Compulsory Sale Notice shall automatically be
revoked upon the completion of the sale and purchase of such Tagged Shares

to the Tag Buyer: or

28.8.2 continue with the completion of the Proposed Sale without the completion of
the sale and purchase of those Accepting Sharcholder’s Tagged Shares, in
which case the Tag Bayer shall not be under any further obligation to
purchase those Tayged Shares and the Compulsory Sale Notice shall

continue to apply.

28.9 The reasonable transaction fees, costs and expenses incurred by the Proposed Sellers
and the Accepting Shareholders (hat (as determined by the Dragging Shareholders)
are attributable tu the transfer of Shares made in accordance with this articlé 28 shall
be borne by each of the Proposed Sellers and the Accepting Shareholders pro rata to

their holdings of Shares being transferred.

SKIVSKD'311201'120018 UKM 6835:

