

===== page 1 =====
Axxsys Limited

Annual report and financial statements
Registered number 04967647
For the 15 month period ended 31 March 2020

*AAQIOI3ZE*

A12 18/03/2021 #174
COMPANIES HOUSE

THURSDAY


===== page 2 =====
‘Axxsys Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Contents .

‘Company information 1
Strategic report 2
Directors’ report 4
Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the Strategic report and the Directors’ report and the financial
‘statements. 6
Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of Axxsys Limited 7
Profit and Loss Account 9
Balance Sheet 10
Statement of Changes in Equity M

Notes 12


===== page 3 =====
Company Information

Directors

Company number

Registered office

Auditor

Banker

‘AJS Cheema (Appointed 5 June 2019)
'N Fienberg (Appointed 5 June 2019)
E Fraser (Appointed 5 June 2019)

S McDermott

$ McNulty (Appointed 5 June 2019)
JC Paton (Appointed 5 June 2019)

(Resigned 5 June 2019)
KF Jaksland (Resigned 5 June 2019)
K Kranap Christensen (Resigned 5 June 2019)

04967647

New Broad Street House
35 New Broad Street
London

EC2M INH

KPMG LLP

‘St Nicholas House
31 Park Row
Nottingham

NGI 6FQ,

Lloyds Bank Ple
10 Gresham Street
London
EC2V7AE

Page |

‘Avssys Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020



===== page 4 =====
‘ " ‘Axxsys Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Strategic report

Business review :

During the 15 month period to 31 March 2020, 100% of the issued share capital of the Company was acquired by Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc,
a leading global provider of specialist consultancy services to the asset and wealth management industry, quoted on the AIM of the London Stock
Exchange. The addition of the Company to the Group! brings strong complementary, technology focussed consulting expertise to Alpha's client proposition
‘and has been successfully integrated. The Company has achieved revenue in the period of £6,512.000 (FY 19°: £5.793,000), and a profit after tax of
£510,000 (FY 19: loss of £515,000) reflective of time spent to integrate the Company and its subsidiaries into the Group.

Future developments

The business plan developed by the Directors in light of the ongoing outbreak of COVID-19 in the UK expected an anticipated drop in revenue generation
in the early months of FY 21 with an expected period of recovery subsequently. The focus of the Company shall continue to be the integration of the
‘existing service offering provided to customers by Axxsys with those provided to clients by the Group to expand the product offering available to the all of
the Group's clicnts, as well as continuing to develop the existing Axxsys brand and offering a'greatcr range of complementary services to Alpha's client
proposition, :

Key performance indicators

The Directors monitor performance on both a weekly and a monthly basis using a range of financial and non-financial metrics. Working capital
‘management is the primary indicator which is reviewed on a weekly basis to monitor cashflow, liquidity and the recovery of trade receivables.

Each month the Directors review the management accounts for each Group undertaking and compare actual performance against budget. Costs and.
uiilisation are also reviewed to monitor profitability.

Principal risks and uncertainties *

‘The performance of the Company in the short-term is subject to uncertainty arising from the macro-economic impact of the COVID-19 outbreak, however
the future pipeline and integration opportunities for the Company's products within the Group is considered relatively strong despite the uncertainty. The
‘Company continues to generate substantial cash after retaining a proportion of profits to fund increased working capital requirements resulting from
‘growth. Management continue to operate conservative cash management policies, which have becn supplemented by strategic decisions made to safeguard
liquidity during the pandemic, as described below. The Directors are satisfied with performance for the. year,

Risk Management and the impact of COVID-19

‘The Directors note that the World Health Organisation declared a pandemic relating to COVID-19 on 11 March 2020, and social distancing measures were
introduced in the UK during March 2020. The Directors have therefore considered the impact of the pandemic on the Company's operations, with a focus
primarily on the Company's going concem assessment, forward looking forecasts and recoverability of assets, including trade receivables and intercompany
funding to other Group entities.

‘The Directors have taken mitigating actions designed to manage the risk and reflect the uncertainty associated with the pandemic and protect the balance
sheet and maintain a strong liquidity position. Actions taken include the delay of profit share payments to employees, and delays to all but essential
recruitment processes in the short-term.

Further, the Group has taken the decision not to pay a final dividend for the year ended 31 March 2020 in order to protect the Group's cash position in the
short-term. The Group's revolving credit facility (RCF) has also been extended in June 2020 to provide additional liquidity headroom to the Group in light
‘of uncertainty in the market in the short-term. .

"Group refers to the Company's ultimate parent, Aipha Financial Markets Consuliing ple and its subsidiaves.

? FY 20’is the financial year covering the 15 months to 31 March 2020. By comparison, FY 19 is the previous financial year covering the 12 months to 31 December 2018;
‘nd FY 21 is the subsequent financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2021.

Page 2


===== page 5 =====
Awssys Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Strategic report (continued)

Risk Management and the impact of COVID-19 (continued)

‘The Directors and the exccutive team continue to monitor the geopolitical developments surrounding the UK's decision to leave the European Union
("Brexit") closely. The Company has assessed that Brexit has not had a material direct impact on its ongoing growth and development of the business,
given arrangements between the UK and EU countries, and its network of offices across Europe. The impact of Brexit on the business has been a short
{erm delay to client decision making, which is not expected to have any adverse effects over the medium term. The impact of Brexit has been
overshadowed in recent months by the emergence of major severe macro-economic crisis associate with COVID-19 as above. The Company is conscious

n may change, and unexposted new challenges could arise that affect this risk assessment, including the broader impact that Brexit has on
nomy as a whole.
By order BY the Bhard. |

John C Paton

Page 3


===== page 6 =====
Axasys Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Directors’ report
‘The Directors present their report and the audited financial statements for the fifteen months ended 31 March 2020.

Principal activities

‘The principal activity of the Company continued to be the provision of specialist consultancy services, including Simcorp-related implementation and
advisory support, to the asset management industry.

Results and dividend
‘The results forthe year are set out in the attached profit and loss account
For further information on the likely future developments of the business, please refer to the Strategic report.

Alter deducting taxation, a £510,000 profit was transferred to reserves (FY 19: loss of £515,000).

Directors

‘The Directors who held office during the year were as follows:

‘ACheema (Appointed 5 June 2019)

N Fienberg (Appointed 5 June 2019)

E Fraser (Appointed 5 June 2019)

S$ McDermott

'S McNulty (Appointed 5 June 2019)

JC Paton (Appointed 5 June 2019)

AP Ritchie

C Georgilis (Resigned 5 June 2019)

KF Jaksland (Resigned 5 June 2019)

K Krarup Christensen (Resigned 5 June 2019)

Political contributions
‘The Company made no political donations or incurred any political expenditure during the year.

Employee involvement

‘The health and welfare of the Company's employees remains a key priority for the Directors. The Company has the intent to attrac, recruit, develop and
retain key employees, and the Company maintains policies and procedures on the Group intranet, with access to this documentation provided to employees
via the Company's Human Resources department. Appropriate education, training and development opportunities are provided to all employees to
encourage continuous development, and employees are kept abreast of key financial and economic updates on the Company's performance and other
‘matters on a regular basis, and in monthly meetings hosted by senior management, where employees have an opportunity to raise questions or provide
feedback.

It is the Company's policy to give full and fair consideration to all applications for employment including from disabled people, having regard to their
abilities and aptitudes. Full consideration is given to continuing the employment of staff who become disabled, including considering them for other
reasonable positions and arranging appropriate training where required, The Company aims to provide an inclusive environment for all emptoyecs,
regardless of sex, marital status, race, nationality, age, sexual orientation or religion.

Engagement with suppliers and customers

‘The Directors note the importance of fostering strong relationships with the Company's customers and suppliers through open communication and having
regard for these relationships in strategic decisions made relating to the Company.

Disclosure of information to auditor

‘The Directors who held office at the date of approval of this Directors’ report confirm that, so far as they are each aware, there is no relevant audit
information of which the Company's auditor is unaware; and each Director has taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as a Director to make
themselves aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the Company's auditor is aware of that information.

Page 4


===== page 7 =====
Axxsys Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Directors’ report (continued)

Auditor
Pursuant to Section 485 of the Companies Act 2006, KPMG LLP were appointed by the Directors of the Company as auditor for the 15 month period to 31
‘March 2020. The Directors note that the extemal auditor has issued a qualified opinion on these financial statements as a result of the acquisition of the
Company by the Group in FY 20 and the practicalities associated with the audit of pre-acquisition financial information. The Directors note that this is only
to be applied in the year of acquisition and thereafter the Company will issue fully audited financial results from FY 21 onwards. Please refer to the
Independent Auditor's Report on pg. Afor further details ofthis qualification.

London EC2M INH

15 March 2021

Page $


===== page 8 =====
Axasys Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the Strategic report and the Directors’ report
and the financial statements

The Directors are responsible for preparing the Strategic Report and the Directors’ Report and the financial statements in accordance with applicable law
and regulations.

‘Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law they have elected to prepare the financial
statements in accordance with'UK accounting standards and applicable law (UK Generally Accepted Accounting Practice), including FRS 101 Reduced
Disclosure Framework

Under Company law the Directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of
affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for that period. In preparing these financial statements, the Directors are required to:

* select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently,
+ make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

« state whether applicable UK accounting standards have been followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in the
financial statements;
+ assess the Company's ability to continue as a going concem, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concem:; and
+ use the going concem basis of accounting untess they cither intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.
The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the Company's transactions and disclose with
reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies
Act 2006. They are responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from
‘material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have general responsibility for taking such steps as arc reasonably open to them to safeguard the
assets of the Company and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.

Page 6



===== page 9 =====
‘Axxsys Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Axxsys Limited

Qualification and disclaimer of opinion
We were engaged to audit the financial statements of Axxsys Limited (“the Company”) for the 1S month period ended 31 March 2020 which comprise the
balance sheet, profit and loss account and statement of changes in equity and related notes, inchuding the accounting policies in note 1.

In our opinion, except for the possible effect solely on the comparative information for the year ended 31 December 2018 of the matter described in the
basis for modification of opinion section of our report, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs as at 31 March
2020. :

Due to the significance of the matter described in the
appropriate audit evidence to provide a basis for an audit opinion, and accordingly we do not express an opi

is for the modification of opinion section of our report, we have not been able to obtain sufficient
jon, as to whether the financial statements:

«© give a true and fair view of the Company's profit for the 15 month period ended 31 March 2020;
+ have been properly prepared in accordance with UK accounting standards including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework; and
‘+ have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for modification of opinion

‘The audit evidence available to us was limited because the Company was unable to provide us with access to the accounting records for the period before
the Company's acquisition by Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc in June 2019. As a result, we were unable to obtain sufficient appropriate audit
‘evidence regarding the amounts in the balance sheet as at 31 December 2018 and the amounts in the profit and loss account for the 15 month period ended
31 March 2020. Any adjustments would have a consequential effect on the Company's net assets as at 31 December 2018 and on its profit for the year
ended 31 December 2018 and the 15 month period ended 31 March 2020. Nevertheless, we believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient
‘and appropriate basis for our qualified opinion on the state of the Company's affairs as at 31 March 2020.

Going concern
‘The Directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concern basis as they do not intend to liquidate the Company or to cease its operations,
‘and as they have concluded that the Company's financial position means that this is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no material
‘uncertainties that could have cast significant doubt over its ability to continue as a going concern for atleast a year from the date of approval ofthe financial
statements (“the going concem period”).

We are required to report to you if we have concluded that the use of the going concern basis of accounting is inappropriate or there is an undisclosed
‘material uncertainty that may cast significant doubt over the use of that basis for a period of at least a year from the date of approval of the financial
statements. In our evaluation of the Directors’ conclusions, we considered the inherent risks to the Company's business model and analysed how those
risks might affect the Company's financial resources or ability to continue operations over the going concem period. We have nothing to report in these
respects 3

However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in outcomes that are inconsistent with judgements that
were reasonable at the time they were made, the absence of reference to @ material uncertainty in this auditor's report is not a guarantee that the Company
will continue in operation

Strategic report and Directors’ report
‘The Directors are responsible for the Strategie report and the Directors’ report. Our opinion on the financial statements docs not cover those reports and we
do not express an audit opinion thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the Strategic report and the Directors’ report and, in doing so, consider whether, based on our financial statements audit work,
the information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent withthe financial statements or our audit knowledge.

Due to the significance of the matters described in the basis for modification of opinion paragraph, and the consequential effect on the related disclosures in
the Strategic Report and Directors’ Report, although in our opinion the information given in the Strategic Report and the Directors’ Report for the financial

year is consistent with the financial statements, we do not express an opinion on the.preparation of those report in accordance with the Companies Act 2006
‘or whether we have identified material misstatements in those reports.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception
In respect solely of the limitation on our work referred to above:

* we have not obtained all the information and explanations that we considered necessary for the purpose of our audit;
+ in our opinion, adequate accounting records have not been kept; and
+ we were unable to determine whether the financial statements are in agreement with the accounting records and retums.

We have nothing to report in respect of the following matters where the Companies Act 2006 requires us to report to you if, in our opi
+ retums adequate for our audit have not been received from branches not visited by us; oF
* certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made.



===== page 10 =====
Axesys Limited
. Annual reportand financial satements
. ‘ {31 Mareh 2020

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Axxsys Limited (continued)

‘Other matter - prior period financial statements
‘We note that the prior period financial staements were not audited. ISAs (UK) require the auditor fo state that the corresponding figures contained within
these financial statements are unaudited. Our opinion is not further modified in respeet of this mater.

Directors’ responsibilities

‘As explained more fly in their statement set out an page 6, the Directorsare responsible for: the preparation ofthe financial statements and for being
satisfied tht they give a truc and fair view: such internal control as they determine is y to enable the p of ‘hat are
Give from material misstatement. whether due to fraud or error: assessing the Company's ability o continue as a going, . disclosing, as applicable,
‘matters related to going concer; and using the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company orto cease operations,
‘or have no realistic altemative but 10.40 50.

Auditor's responsibilities

‘Our responsibilty is © conduct an audit ofthe financial statements in on Auditing (UK) (‘ISAs (UK"), and to
rican auditor's report. However, duc tothe sigifianes ofthe mater desrbed in nhc bas for modieation of opinion section of our report. we were
‘not able to obuain sufficient appropriate audit evidence to provide a basis for an audit opinion on the financial statements other than on the state of the
‘Company's affairs as at'3) March 2020.

In respect ofthat qualified epinion. we conducted our audit in accordance with [SAs (UK) and applicable law. Our objectives are to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole arc free from raaterial misstatement, whether duc to fraud or error, and to issue our opinion in
an auditor's report. Reasonable: isa highlevelof , but does nots that an audit conducted in accordance with 1SAs (UK) will
always detect a material misstatement when itexists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if individually

‘aggregate. they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial statements,

A fuller description of our responsibilitis is provided on the FRC’s website at worw fte.org uk/suditorsresponsibilitis.

‘We have fulfiled our ethical responsibilities under, and are independent of the Company in accordance with, UK ethical requirements including the FRC
Ethical Standard.

‘The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities
‘This report is made solely to the Company's members, as « body. in accordance with Chapter3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006. Our avdit work has
‘bccn undertaken so thar we might state to the Company's members those matters we arc required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no other
purpose, To the fullest extent permed by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility @ anyone other than the Company and the Company's members,
as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or forthe opinions we have formed.

Ate

(Craig Parkin (Senior Statutory Auditor)
for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
Chartered Accountants

‘St Nicholas House

31 Park Row

‘Nottingham

NGI 6FQ

16 March 2021

Page &



===== page 11 =====
Profit & loss account
for the 15 month period ended 31 March 2020

Note
Turnover 2
Rechargeable expenses
Net fee income
Cost of sales
Gross profit
Administrative expenses 4,5
Operating profit
Other interest receivable and similar income 6
Profit before taxation
Taxation 7

Profit for the financial year

Jn both the current and preceding year, the Company made no material acquisi
‘There were no recognised gains or losses in either the current or preceding year other than those disclosed in the

separate statement of other comprehensive income has been presented,

+Please refer to note 1.15 for further information on prior period restatements.

Page 9

Axxsys Limited

Annual report and financial statements

15 months to 31
March 2020
£000

6,512
@3)

6,489
(4,768)

4721

(1,078)

643

1

644

(134)

yns and had no discontinued operations.
profit and loss account, and therefore no

31 March 2020

Restated? unaudited
12. months 10 31
December 2018

£000

5,193
el

$772
(3,520)

2,252

(2,498)

246)

(246)

(269)

(515)



===== page 12 =====
Balance sheet
As at 31 March 2020

Non-current assets
Investments in subsidiaries
Tangible fixed assets

Current assets
Debtors
‘Cash at bank and in hand

Current liabilities

Creditors: amounts falling due within one year

Deferred tax
Corporation tax

Net current assets

Total assets less current liabilities

Net assets

Capital and reserves
Called up share capital
‘Share premium account
Capital redemption reserve
Profit and toss account

Shareholders' funds

‘The notes on Phges 12-21 form part of thes
Directors on | March 2021. They were si

AW

John C Patpn
‘Director

Compaiiy.regiptered number: 04967647.

Asat
Note 31 March 2020
£000 £000
8 28
28
9 2,091 *
526
2,617
10 (856)
u (}
(133)
(994)
1,623
1,648
1,648

“Please refer to note 1.15 for further information on prior period restatements.

Page 10

‘Axxsys Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2020

Restated* unaudited

ast

31 December 2018

£000 £000

2

2
1,284
1018
2,302
(927)
(259)
(1,186)

1,116

1,138

1,138

1,600

(462)

1,138



===== page 13 =====
‘Axxsys Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2020
Statement of changes in equity *
Capital Total
Called up Share premium redemption Profit and _ shareholders’
share capital account reserve loss account funds
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000
‘Asat I January 2018 - 1,600 (587) (732) 281
Prior period restatement - Purchase of own shares® - : 387 (587) :
Prior period restatement - Reversal of impairment® : : : 1,600 1,600
As at 1 January 2018 - restated . - 1,600 : 281 1,881
‘Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit for the period® - - - (515) + (315)
‘Transactions with owners
Purchase of own shares - restated* - 7 - (228) (228)
Shares cancelted (equity) - : : : i
As at 31 December 2018 - restated : 1,600 : (462) 1,138
Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit for the period - - - sO 510
‘Transactions with owners
Capital reduction” - (1,600) - 1,600 -
Balance at 31 March 2020 : - : 1,648 1,648

SPrior period restatement relates to the allocation of amounts relating to the purchase of the Company's own shares in prior years from the capital
redemption reserve to distributable reserves. Please refer to note 1.15 for further information.

Prior period restatement relates to the reversal of an impairment of an investment held by the Company in the year ended 31 December 2017, subsequently
recognised in the year ended 31 December 2018. Please refer to note 1.15 for further information.

7On Ath March 2019 the Directors’ approved a capital reduction exercise by Special Resolution. The Resolution reduced the share premium of the Company
by £1.6m while increasing distributable reserves by the same amount.

Page 11


===== page 14 =====
‘Axasys Limited
Annual report and financial statements
, 31 March 2020

Notes
(forming part of the financial statements)

1 Accounting policies

Axxsys Limited (the “Company") is a Company limited by shares, domiciled and registered in the UK. The registered number is 04967647 and the
registered address is New Broad Street House, 35 New Broad Strect, London, United Kingdom, EC2M INH.

‘These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework (“FRS 101”). The
‘Company has transitioned fom FRS 102 to FRS 101 in the current period. Further details of the impact of transition are provided in the Transition to FRS
101" section below.

In preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement and disclosure requirements of Intemational Financial
Reporting Standards os adopted by the EU (“Adopted IFRSs"), but makes amendments where necessary in order to comply with Companies Act 2006 and
has set out below where advantage of the FRS 101 disclosure exemptions has been taken. Further, in accordance with Section 414A(2) of the Companies
‘Act 2006, the Company has taken the exemption from preparing a strategic report.

‘The Company's parent undertaking, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple, includes the Company in its consolidated financial statements. The
consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple are available to the public and may be obtained from 60 Gresham Street,
London, EC2V 7BB.

In these financial statements, the Company has applied the exemptions available under FRS 101 in respect of the following disclosures:
+ A cash flow statement and related notes;
+ Comparative period reco
* Disclosures in respect of transactions with wholly owned subsidiaries;
* Disclosures in respect of capital management;
© The effects of new but not yet effective IFRSs;
* Disclosures in respect of the compensation of Key Management Personnel; end
* Disclosures of transactions with a management entity that provides key management personnel services to the Company.

tions for share capital, tangible fixed assets, intangible assets and investment properties;

‘As the consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple include the equivalent disclosures, the Company has also taken the
‘exemptions under FRS 101 available in respect of the following disclosures:
+ IFRS 2 Share Based Payments in respect of Group settled share based payments; and
* Certain disclosures required by IFRS 16 Leases in relation to di
* Certain disclosures required by IFRS 3 Business Combinations in respect of business combinations undertaken by the Company.

‘The accounting policies set out below have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods presented in these financial statements.

“There are no judgements made by the Directors, in the application ofthese accounting policies that have significant effect on the financial statements and
estimates with a significant risk of material adjustment in the next year.»

a Change in accounting reference date

As a result of the acquisition of Axxsys Limited by Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Pic in the period, the Directors have effected a change in the
accounting reference date of the Company in order to align with the accounting reference date of the Group.

‘The current period consists of the 15 month period from 1 January 2019 to 31 March 2020 in order to effect this change. Therefore, the comparative results
for the 12 month period to 31 December 2018 presented within this set of financial statements does not represent an entirely comparable set of results

12 Transition to FRS 101

During the current period, the Company has elected to transition from FRS 102 to FRS 101 following the acquisition of the Company by Alpha Financial
Markets Consulting Plc in the financial year. :

Impact of transition to FRS 101

‘The Directors have considered the accounting implications of the transition from FRS 102 to FRS 101. There has been no material accounting impact on
the Company as a result ofthis transition. .

13 Measurement convention

‘The financial statements are prepared on the historical cost basis.

14 Going concern
‘The financial statements have been prepared on a going concer basis which the Directors consider to be appropriate for the following reasons:

(@) The Directors have prepared cash flow forecasts for a period of 12 months from the date of approval of these financial statements which
indicate that, taking account of rcasonably possible downsides including COVID-19 factors, the Company will have sufficient funds to meet
its liabilities as they fall due for that period. :

(b) The Directors are confident that the Company will have sufficient funds to continue to meet its liabilities as they fall due for at least 12
‘months from the date of approval of the financial statements.

Page 12


===== page 15 =====
‘Axxsys Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Notes (continued) _

1 ‘Accounting policies (continued)
14 Going concern (continued)
Impact of COVID-19

‘The Directors note that the World Health Organisation declared a pandemic relating to COVID-19 on 11 March 2020, and social distancing measures were
introduced in the UK during March 2020. Therefore, the Directors have considered the significance of the economic ramifications of the virus before the
end of the Company's financial year and its potential effect on the financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2020. In particular, the Directors have
assessed the impact of incorporating additional COVID-19 risk factors in applying downside sensitivities in the going concer assessment over a period of
12 months after the signing of these financial statements. The Directors have also considered the impact of the pandemic on the expected credit loss
calculation on the Company's receivables.

Key assumptions considered by management when assessing going concem include adjusting managements best estimate of forecasted performance for
factors including the length and extent of current lockdown restrictions, the resulting gencral business environment, the speed of recovery of trading after
lockdown restrictions ease and utilisation of relevant government support schemes. These have been estimated for their respective impacts on the
Company's revenues, fixed and variable costs and resultant expected cash flow requirements.

‘The Company's forecasts and projections, taking into account reasonable estimate of a possible downturn in trading performance arising from the COVID-
19 outbreak, show that the Company has sufficient financial resources, both from the Company's robust balance sheet and its expected cash flow
generation, sufficient for the going concem period. The Company also has access to additional funding through other Group entities, via the Group's
revolving credit facility and the strength of the Group's cash position at 31 March 2020, Accordingly, the Directors have adopted the going concem basis in
preparing these financial statements. 4 :

1S Foreign currency

‘The company's functional and presentational currency is GBP.
‘Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the Company's functional currencies at the foreign exchange rate ruling at the date of the transaction.
‘Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the balance shvet date are retranslated to the functional currency at the foreign exchange
rate ruling at that date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the
exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Non-monectary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are stated at fair value are
retranslated to the functional currency at foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates the fair value was determined. Foreign exchange differences arising. on
translation are recognised in the profit and loss,

16 Financial instruments

‘The Company uses financial instruments comprising cash and cash equivalents and other short-term instruments, such as trade payables that arise from its
operations. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to fund the Group's business strategy and working capital requirements.

‘Accounting policies in respect of financial instruments are outlined below.
Financial assets

Financial assets are intially measured at fair value plus or minus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair valuc through profit or loss, transaction cost.
‘The Company has not reclassified any financial assets subsequent to initial recognition as at the balance sheet date. Reclassification of classes of financial

assets is accounted for prospectively in accordance with IFRS 9, where this is required. Any difference on reclassification from amortised cost to fair value
through profit or loss is recognised in the profit and loss atthe reclassification date

Financial assets are assessed at cach reporting date to determine a lifetime expected credit loss that reflects the credit risk associated with the portfolio of
assets, A financial asset is impaired in line with the simplified approach under IFRS 9 which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance.

‘An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured at amortised cost is calculated as the difference between its cerrying amount and the present
value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the asset's original effective interest rate. For financial instruments measured at cost less impairment,
impairment is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the best estimate of the amount that the Group would receive for the asset ifit
were fo be sold at the reporting date. Interest on the impairment asset continucs to be recognised through the unwinding of the discount. Impairment losses.
are recognised in profit or loss. When a subsequent event causes the amount of the impairment to decrease, the decrease in impairment loss is reversed
through statement of comprehensive income.

Trade and other debtors

‘Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less provision for impairment. A provision
for impairment of trade receivables is established when there is objective evidence that the Company will not be able to collect all amounts due according to
the original terms of the receivables. The provision is recognised in the income statement as an operating charge.

‘The trade receivables’ balances recorded in the Company's statement of financial position comprise a relatively small number of large balances and are held
until realised in cash.

‘Axxsys provides services to customers on credit terms with mainly arrears billing. Certain receivables may not be paid. The Company applies the IFRS 9
simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables. To measure expected credit
losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on shared credit characteristics and the days past due. The Company consider historical loss rates for
each ageing category as a starting point for estimating the expected credit loss. This historical loss rate is subsequently adjusted for macro-economic and
customer specific factors of receivables within cach ageing category. Characteristics considered by the Company for these purposes include historical
collection experience for each customer, the assessed liquidity of key customers within the receivables balance, and other relevant macro-economic factors
such as COVID-19 and Brexit in order to determine a reasonable and supportable assessment of the expected lifetime credit risk in the context ofthe
overall year-end trade receivables due. eas a ae - -

Page 13


===== page 16 =====
‘Axcasys Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Notes (continued) on)

1 Accounting policies (continued)
16 Financial instruments (continued)
Amounts owed by Group undertakings -

‘Amounts owed by Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value‘and' subsequently measured at amortised cost, less provision for impairment. A.
provision for impairment of intercompany receivables is established using an expected eredit loss model. The Group classifies all intercompany receivables
that form a part of the normal trading cycle of the Group as current, és well as non-trading balances where the counterparty has sufficient resources to settle
the balance within a twelve month period from the balance sheet date. All other amounts owed by Group undertakings are considered as non-current assets.
‘This represents a change in accounting policy in the year. All balances were considered current in the comparative period.

Cash and cash equivalents
‘Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and call deposits and are recorded and subsequently measured at amortised cost in line with IFRS 9.
Financial liabilities

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition
a at fair value through profit or loss. Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are acquired for the purpose of selling in the near term.
‘This category includes derivative financial instruments entered:-into by the Company that are not designated as hedging instruments in hedge relationships
1s defined by IFRS 9. As at 31 March 2020, the Company had no such financial liabilities.

ortised cost.

Other financial liabilitics held by the Group are recognised at a

Trade and other creditors

‘Trade and other creditors are recognised initially at fair value. Subsequent to intial recognition they are measured at amortised cost using the effective
interest method.

Amounts owed to Group undertakings

Amounts owed to Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost.

Leases

Lease liabilities are recognised on the balance sheet at the present value of minimum lease payments. Al leases held by the Company in both the current
‘and the prior year fall under the permitted practical expedients. For further information refer to the ‘New Accounting Standards and interpretations’ section
below on the accounting treatment for leases under IFRS 16.

‘Comparative period numbers relating to leases wore not restated and continuc'to be presented under IAS 17. FY 19 rentals paid under operating leases are
charged to the consolidated statement of comprehensive income on a straighi-line basis;over the period of the lease. Benefits received and receivable as an
incentive to sign an operating leat ar reognised ona smightstine bais over the period of the lease.

Invesimenis in subsidiaries
Investments in subsidiaries are carried at cost less impairment,

17 Tangible fixed assets

Tangible fixed assets are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses. Historical cost includes expenditure that is
directly attributable to bringing the asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management.

Depreciation is charged to the profit and loss account on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of each part of an item of tangible fixed assets.
Land is not depreciated. The estimated useful lives are as follows
Computer equipment 3 years straight line
Fixtures, fittings and equipment 4 years straight line

Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at each balance sheet date.

‘The assets’ residual values, useful lives and depreciation methods are reviewed, and adjusted prospectively if appropriate, or there is an indication of a
significant change since the last reporting date.

Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount and are recognised in the income statement.

18 Impairment
Financial assets (excluding trade and other debtors)

A financial asset not carried at fair value through profit or ls is assessed at each reporting date to determine whether there is objective evidence that itis,
impaired, A financial asset is impaired if objective evidence indicates that a loss event has occurred after the initial recognition of the asset, and that the loss
event had a negative effect on the estimated future cash flows of that asset that can be estimated reliably.

‘An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured at amortised cost is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the present
value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the asset’s original effective interest rate. For financial instruments measured at cost less impairment
‘an impairment is catculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the best estimate of the amount that the Company would reecive for the asset
if it were to be sold at the reporting date. Interest on the impaired asset continues to be recognised through the unwinding of the discount. When a
subsequent event causes the amount of impairment loss to decrease, the decrease in impairment loss is reversed through profit or loss.

Page 14


===== page 17 =====
Avcsys Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
' 31 March 2020

Notes (continued)

1 ‘Accounting policies (continued)
18 Impairment (continued)
Non-financial assets .

‘The carrying amounts of the entity's non-financial assets, other than deferred tax assets, are reviewed at cach reporting date to determine whether there is
‘ny indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the assets’ recoverable amount is estimated, The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-
generating unit is the greater of its value in use and its fair value, less costs to sell In assessing value in use, the estimated furure cash flows are discounted
to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time valuc of money and the risks specific to the asset.

For the purposes of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates
independent cash inflows (the “cash-generating unit"); that is, cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other
assets or groups of assets.

‘An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable amount. Impairment losses are recognised
in profit or loss, Impairment losses recognised in respect of CGUs are allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the units
‘and, then, to reduce the carrying amounts of other assets in the unit (or group of tits) on a pro-rata basis.

‘An impairment loss is reversed if and only ifthe reasons for the impairment have ceased to ‘apply.

Impairment losses recognised in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date'for any indication that the loss has decreased or no longer exists. An
impairment loss is only reversed to the extent that the asset's carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of
depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised. ‘

19 Employee benefits

Defined contribution plans
A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which the Company pays fixed contributions into a separate entity and will have no
legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts. Obligations for contributions to’ defined contribution pension plans are recognised as an expense in
the profit and loss account in the periods during which services are rendered by employees.

1.10 Provisions _

A provision is recognised in the balance shect when the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, that can be
reliably measured and itis probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation. Provisions are determined by discounting
the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects risks specific to the liability.

Ln Revenue recognition

Revenue consists of the value of work executed for clients during the year and expenses recharged, exclusive of VAT. Revenue is classified into net fee
income and recharged expenses. Net fee income represents the Company's personnel, subcontractor and related expertise and services sold to clients.
Recharged expenses is the recharge of costs incidental to fulfilling contracts including flights, subsistence and accommodation on which nil or negli
margin is earned by the Company.

‘The Company delivers services that have no alternative use to Axxsys (advice to clients, reports, ett) as the services are specifically tailored to clients*
projects and scope of work. The significant majority of Axxsys" revenuc is contracted on a time and materials basis, where the performance obligation is to
provide consultancy resources at agreed day rates. In such contracts, revenue is recognised over time, as the number of consultant days worked are
delivered. Modifications or extensions to such projects are recognised as delivered. Significant extensions, where the scope or price of the contract,
increases, are treated as separate contracts. Contracts accounted for on a time and materials basis are billed incrementally, typically monthly, for incurred
time and materials.

Revenue recognition for fixed fee projects is based on the actual service provided to the end of the reporting period as a proportion of total services to be
provided either over time or in line with internally or extemally identified project milestones, depending on the nature of the performance obligations for
the project. Material scope changes are managed via s new agreement with the client, Fixed fee projects are typically billed in accordance with the nature of
the performance obligations when a right to payment crystallises,

For milestone projects, revenue is recognised at a point in time upon delivery of each performance obligation and these projects are billed as contractual
milestones are delivered and the right to payment exists.

Activity performance recognised as revenue in excess of invoices raised are contract assets and arc included within accrued income, up to the value of the
relevant project delivery milestone, where applicable. On invoicing, the contract asset is reclassified to trade receivables. Where amounts have been
invoiced in excess of work performed and recognised, the excess is a contract liability ond is included within deferred income and valued in line with the
nature of the project and related performance obligations as described above and recognised in future periods.

Revenue is wholly attributable to the principal activities of the Company. For all revenue types, payment is typically due between 30 and 60 days after the
invoice date or receipt of invoice, depending on the client and geography.

Page 1S


===== page 18 =====
Avcsys Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Notes (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)

12 Expenses

Operating lease payments

In the comparative period ended 31 December 2018, payments (excluding costs for services and insurance) made under operating leases were recognised
in the profit and loss account on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. Lease incemtives received were recognised in the profit and loss account as
‘an integral part ofthe total lease expense. In the current year IFRS 16 has been adopted on a modified retrospective basis by the Company. Refer to the
‘new accounting standards and interpretations’ section below for the accounting treatment of leases in the year ended 31 March 2020.

Incerest receivable and interest payable
Interest payable and similar expenses include interest payable, finance expense on shares classified as liabilities and finance leases recognised in profit or
Joss using the effective interest method, unwinding of the discount on provisions, and net foreign exchange losses that are recognised in the profit and loss
account (see foreign currency accounting policy). Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset that
takes a substantial time to be prepared for use, are capitalised as part of the cost of that asset. Other interest receivable and similar income include interest
receivable on funds invested and net foreign exchange gains. .

Interest income and interest payable is recognised in profit or loss as it accrues, using the effective interest method. Dividend income is recognised
profit and loss account on the date the entity's right to receive payments is established. Foreign currency gains and losses are reported on a net basis

the

1B Taxation

“Tax on the profit or loss for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the profit and loss account except to the extent that it relates to
items recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive income, in which case itis recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive income.

‘Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the
balance shect date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

Deferred tax is provided on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts
used for taxation purposes. The following temporary differences are not provided for: the initial recognition of goodwill the initial recognition of assets or
liabilities that affect neither accounting nor taxable profit other than in a business combination, and differences relating to investments in subsidiaries to the
extent that they will probably not reverse in the foreseeable future. The amount of deferred tax provided is based on the expected manner of realisation or
settlement of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the halance shert date,

A deferred tax asset is recognised only to the extent that itis probablé that future taxable profits will be available.
14 ‘New accounting standards and interpretations .
‘The Intemational Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) have issued the following standards and interpretations
which are now effective:

© IFRS 16 Leases (IFRS 16); and

+ IFRIC 23 Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments (IFRIC 23)
‘The Directors reviewed the nature and effect that these new standards have had on the Company and do not believe that the impact is material, These
standards have been adopted by the Company:
IFRS 16 — Leases (effective for periods commencing on or after 1 January 2019)
TERS 16 Leases is effective for periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019 and is therefore applicable to the current period. This standard replaces.
‘accounting treatment for leases previously depicted in IAS 17. IFRS 16 introduced a single lessee accounting mode! whereby a lessee is required to
recogni -of-use asset and a lease liability forall leases with a term of more than 12 months. The depreciation on the right-of-use asset will be
accounted for separately from the interest expense incurred on the lease liability in the income statement.

Nature ofleases within the Company
‘The Company leases office premises for use in operations. In line with the practical expedients defined below, all office leases held by the company are
‘outside of the scope of IFRS 16 in the current and prior period.

The leaso agrooments do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that ar held by the lessor. Leased assots may not be
used as security for borrowing purposes.

Adoption methodology :

‘The Company has adopted IFRS 16 on a modified retrospéctive approach for transition and has not restated comparative amounts, which are shown under
JAS 17. The Company note that there is no impact of the adoption of IFRS 16 on the Company. as all leases fall under the permitted practical expedients
applied. Consequently there is no right-of-use asset or lease lability recognised as a result of the adoption of IFRS 16.

‘The Company has used the practical expedients permitted by IFRS 16 in relation to accounting for leases with a remaining lease term of less than 12
months as at 1 April 2019 as ‘short-term leases", and those with a low value as ‘low value leases’. Consequently, no lease lability or right-of-use asset was
calculated thereon. These leases are expensed in the statement of profit and loss. The Company has also used the practical expedient permitted by IFRS 16
to apply a single discount rate to a portfolio of leases with reasonably similar characteristics.

Page 16


===== page 19 =====
‘Avasys Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Notes (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)

hid New accounting standards and interpretations (continued)
IFRIC 23 — Uncertainty Over Income Tax Treatments (effective for periods commencing on or after 1 January 2019)

‘The IFRIC 23 “Uncertainty Over Income Tax Treatments’ interpretation is effective for accounting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019 and
provides further clarification on how to apply the recognition and measurement requirements in IAS. 12 ‘Income Taxes’.

TFRIC 23 has not had a material impact on the financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2020.
‘There are no accounting standards that are not yet effective that would be expected to have a material impact on the Company in the current or next
reporting periods. :

LIS Prior period restatements

Purchase of own shares,
(On 27th April 2018, in the comparative period, the Company entered in to a transaction for the repurchase of 43 of the Company's own ordinary shares.
‘These shares were subsequently cancelled on | August 2018, In addition, four share buy-back transactions occurred in the period between incorporation
and 31 December 2017. In cach case, shares were cancelled shortly thereafter.

In accordance with the requirements of 3692 of the Companies Act 2006, share buy back transactions are required to be accounted for out of the Company's
Aistributable reserves. However, in the comparative periods, the full purchase value of the shares repurchased was recognised within the capital redemption
reserve instead of the nominal value only. The Company have therefore restated reserves as at 1 January 2018 to transfer £0.6m out of the capital
redemption reserve and in to distributable reserves through retained eamings. This represents the value of four share buy-back transactions that have token
place in periods between incorporation and 31 December 2017. In addition, the Company have restated reserves as at 31 December 2018 to transfer £0.2m
‘out of the capital redemption reserve and in to distributable reserves through retained earnings. This represents the value of one share buy-back transaction
that took place in the financial year ended 31 December 2018. The associated nominal share capital value was correctly eliminated as part of the initial
‘accounting treatment in cach instance. The nominal value of the cancelled shares remains within the capital redemption reserve following the restatements
above.

Impairment of investments
‘The Company have restated brought forward retained eamings at | January 2018 to reflect a reversal of an impairment charge of £1.6m taken in the year
‘ended 31 December 2017 in relation to investments held for WS Technology Consultants Ltd. In the year ended 31 December 2018, the Directors
considered the decision to strike off and hive up the trade and net assets of WS Technology Consultants Ltd to Axxsys Limited. While this was discussed
prior to the signing of the 31 December 2017 financial statements, and the impairment was recorded in that period, the resolution had not passed.
Subsequently, the Directors have noted that the resolution to strike off and hive up the trade and net assets of WS Technology Consultants Lid was made
after the date of signing the 31 December 2017 financial statements, and therefore have clected to release the impairment in that period and record it in the
‘year ended 31 December 2018, the period the resolution was passed.

2 Turnover
_ 15 months to 31 12 months to 31
eo March 2020 ~ December 2018
. £000 £000
Rendering of services 6,489 sm
Rechargeable expenses . 23 2
6,512 5,793
15 months to 31 12 months to 31
March 2020 December 2018
£000 £000
By activity
Management consulting 6,512 5,193
3 Auditor's remuneration
15 months to 31 12 months to 31
March 2020 December 2018
£000 £000
‘Audit of these financial statements 50 -

Amounts receivable by the Company's auditor and its associates in respect of services to the Company and its associates, other than the audit of the
‘Company's financial statements, have not been disclosed as the information is required instead to be disclosed on a consolidated basis in the consolidated
financial statements of the Company's parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc.

Page 17


===== page 20 =====
Notes (continued)

4 Staff numbers and costs

‘The average number of persons employed by the Company (including Directors) during the year, analysed by category, was as follows:

Administrative
Sales

‘The aggregate payroll costs of these persons were as follows:

Woges and salaries
Social security costs
Contributions to defined contribution plans

5 Directors’ remuneration

Directors’ remuncration
‘Company contributions to money purchase pension plan

Retirement benefits arc accruing tothe following number of Directors under:

Money purchase schemes

‘Axxsys Limited

Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2020
Number of employees
15 months to 31 12 months to 31
Mareh 2020 December 2018
4 3
n 1s
16 18

15 months to 31

March 2020
£000

2,343

281

61

2,685

15 months to 31
March 2020
£000

872

12 months to 31
December 2018

12 months to 31
December 2018
£000

Number of Directors
15 months to 31 12 months to 31
March 2020 December 2018

‘The aggregate of remuneration and amounts receivable under Company long term incentive schemes of the highest paid director was £290,000 (FY 19:

£175,000)

‘Amounts paid or payable to the Company’s Directors through the Company's parent undertakings have becn cxchuded from the above disclosure and
included within the disclosures of other Group companies, on the basis that their services are predominantly provided to the wider Group.

6 Finance income & expenses

Interest receivable

Page 18

15 months to 31
March 2020
: £000
1

12 months to 31
December 2018
£000



===== page 21 =====
Axxsys Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2020
Notes (continued)
1 ‘Taxation
Recognised in the profit and loss account
15 months to 31 March 2020 12 months to 31 December 2018
. 2000 £000 £000 £000
Current tax :
‘Current tax on income for the period 129 269
‘Adjustments in respect of prior periods - -
Total current tax 129 269
Deferred tax (see nore 11)
Origination and reversal of timing differences 5 :
Effect of tax rate change on opening balances - -
Adjustments in respect of prior periods - :

Reconciliation of effective tax rate

15 months to 31 12 months to 31
March 2020 December 2018
£000 £000
Profit for the year 510 (S15)
‘Total tax expense 134 269
Profit excluding taxation 644 (246)
Tax using the UK corporation tax rate of 19% (FY 19: 122 7)
Reduction in tax rate on deferred tax balances 4 -
Non-deductible expenses 8 316
Differences due to overseas tax rates ‘ - -
Under / (over) provided in prior years - :
‘Total tax expense 134 269
8 Tangible fixed assets
Computer
equipment Total
£000 £000
Cost
Balance at | January 2019 n n
Acquisitions 12 2
Disposals - -
84 84
Depreciation and impairment
Balance at | January 2019 (50) (50)
Depreciation charge for the year (9) o
Disposals - -
(59) 9)
Net book value
‘At 31 March 2020 28 28
At January 2019 2 2

Page 19


===== page 22 =====
Anasys Limited

‘Annual report and financial statements

Notes (continued)

9 Debtors
15 months to 31

March 2020

£000

Trade debtors 759

‘Amounts owed by Group undertakings 1,242

Other debtors 10

Prepayments and accrued income 80

2,091

‘Amounts owed by Group undertakings arc interest free and are repayable on demand.
‘Trade debtors are stated after an immaterial provision for impairment in both the current and prior years

10 Creditors: amounts falling due within one year
15 months to 31
March 2020

£000

Trade creditors ‘ 280

Amounts owed to Group undertakings 4

Other creditors 165

‘Taxation and social security 107

Accruals and deferred income 190

856

31 March 2020

12. months t0:31
December 2018
£000

1,017

42 months to 31
December 2018
£000

242

299
386

927

‘Amounts owed to Group undertakings are either interest-bearing or non interest-bearing depending on the type of the creditor relationship and are

repayable on demand.
" Deferred tax assets and liabilities

Recognised deferred tax assets and liabilities
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are attributable to the following:

Assets Liabilities Net
FY 20, FY 19 FY 20 FY 19, FY 20 FY 19
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Tangible fixed assets : s : 8 :
Other - - - - -
Net tax (assets)iabilities : . 5 - s .

Jn addition to the deferred tax asset above, the Company hes no unrecognised gross tax losses (FY 19:

nil). The UK corporation tax rate legislation

announced is sct to hold the corporation tax rate at 19% for the 2019/20 and 2026/21 tax years. This rate has becn reflected in the calculation of deferred

tax for the year ended 31 March 2020.

2 Capital and reserves
Share capital
15 months to 31
March 2020
£
Allotted, called up and fully paid
“a

427,000 ordinary shares of £0.0001 each

Shares classified in shareholders" funds

43
43

12 months to 31
December 2018
£

4a

a

a

43

The holders of ordinary shares arc entitled to reccive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at mectings of the

Company.

Page 20


===== page 23 =====
‘Axxsys Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2020

Notes (continued)

13 Related parties
Identity of related parties with which the Company has transacted

‘The Company has not engaged in any material transactions with any related parties other than with wholly owned subsidiaries, These transactions have not
been disclosed as the Company has taken advantage of exemptions under FRS10!.

4 Events after the reporting period

‘The Directors consider that the outbreak of COVID-19 globally represents an adjusting event at the balance shect date on the basis that the significance of
the social and economic impact was apparent at that date. The Group has therefore considered all conditions up to the date of issuance of the financial
statements as adjusting events. As disclosed in note 1, the impact of COVID-19 has been assessed in relation to going concern.

Subsequent to the balance sheet date, on 25 February 2021, ownership of 100% of the share capital of, and voting rights associated with the ownership of
‘Axxsys Limited were transferred from the Company's ultimate parent entity, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc to an intermediary holding entity
within the Group, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Limited.

‘The Directors note that it was always the intention of the Group to transfer ownership of the Company's shares to Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Group Limited.

1s Ultimate parent Company and parent Company of larger Group

‘The Company is a subsidiary undertaking of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple, incorporated in England and Wales. The ultimate controlling party is
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple.

Both the largest and smallest Group in which the resulis of the Company are consolidated is that headed by Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc,
incorporated in England and Wales. The consolidated financial statements of the Group are available to the public and may be obtained from 60 Gresham
Strect, London, EC2V 7BB, or the website investors.alphafine.com,

Page 21
