

===== page 1 =====
Axxsys Limited

Annual report and financial statements
Registered number 04967647
31 March 2022

*ABFCFDSC*
A10

25/10/2022 #165
COMPANIES HOUSE

TUESDAY


===== page 2 =====
mame on wa

S9I0N

Aynbo uy soBteyp jo noms

eogs souereg

yunoooe 880} paw IYO

Por] sisxxy Jo si9quIayy am) 0} Hodsy 8,1opny \wapuodapu]

swwowareys [pouBEY oIp puw Hodar ,s10}9aIp ax pue Woda oBayeNs am Jo yoodsa ur sanTAIsuOdsas ,SIO}ANG Jo jUDMIA}S
‘wodar sowang

opeuuoyuy ArediwoD

syuaju0D


===== page 3 =====
Company Information

Directors

Company number

Registered office

‘Auditor

Banker

‘Acusys Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

ENB Fraser
JC Paton

N Fienberg

SMcNulty

GA Cook (eppointed 30 June 2022)
‘AJS Cheems (resigned 6 June 2022)
AP Ritchie (resigned 30 June 2022)
‘S McDermott (resigned 15 July 2022)

04967647

‘New Broad Suet House
35 New Broad Street,
London,

EC2M INH

KPMG LLP
St Nicholas House,
31 Park Row,
Nottingham,

NGI 6FQ

[Lloyds Bank Ple
10 Gresham Street,
London,

EC2V 7AB


===== page 4 =====
‘Accssys Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Directors’ report

‘The Directors present their report and the audited financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022.

Principal activites

‘The principal activity of the Company continued tobe the provision of specislist consultancy services, inchiding Siracorp-related implementation and advisory
support, to the asset management industry.

Results and dividend

For the year ended 31 March 2022 (FY 22), the Company recorded a revenue of £3,649,000 (FY 21: £4,145,000). Gross profit margin reduced to 29.1%
(FY 21: 33.9%) and profit after tax reduced to £191,000 (FY 21: £658,000). Lower profitability is the result of « lower utilisation levels across a broadly
consistent consultant team size in the year, in addition to higher discretionary costs as spend retums to pre COVID-19 levels. Trade receivables reduced to
££302,000 compared to £328,000 in FY 21, as cash collection continues to be strong. The Directors believe the business is well placed with a good pipeline
of opportur into the next financial year.

‘Afler deducting taxation, a £191,000 profit was transferred to reserves (FY 21: £658,000). The Directors have not recommended the payment of a final dividend
(FY 21: fnil).

Directors
‘The Directors who held office during the year were as follows:

ENB Fraser
JC Paton

N Fienberg

McNulty

GA Cook (eppointed 30 June 2022)
‘AJS Cheema (resigned 6 June 2022)
AP Ritchie (resigned 30 June 2022)

'S McDermott (resigned 15 July 2022)

Political contributions
‘The Company made no political donations or incurred any political expenditure during the year.

Employeeinvolvement

Altracting, relaining, and developing the very best people in the industry is integral to the Company's culture and ongoing success. The Company is committed
to providing a highly rewarding place to work, and to maintaining a unique and inclusive culture that places people atthe heart ofthe business, To achieve this,
there is strong emphasis on interaction, open communication and the exchenge of prosctive insights from the eimployec base.

Engagement with suppliers and customers

‘The Directors note the importance of festering strong relationships with the Company's customers and suppliers through open communication and having
regard for these relationships in strategic decisions made relating to the Company.

Disclosure of information to auditor
‘The Directors who beld office atthe date of approval of this Directors’ report confirm that, so far as they are each aware, there is no relevant audit information
of which the Company's auditor is unaware; and each Director has taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as a Director to make themselves aware
of any relevant audit information and to establish thet the Company's auditor is aware of that information,

Auditor

Pursuant to Section 487 of the Companies Act 2006, the auditor will be deemed to be reappointed and KPMG LLP will therefore continue in office.

By onder of the Board.

Cc

John C Paton
Director

12. October 2022

* FY 22 isthe financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2022. By comparison, FY 21 isthe previous period covering the 12 months to 31 March 2021;'FY 23 i the
subsequent financial year covering the 12 months to 31 March 2023,
Page 2


===== page 5 =====
‘Axasys Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the Directors’ report and the financial statements

“The directors are ible for preparing the Directors’ Report and the I statements in with applicable law and regulations.

‘Company law requires the directors to prepare financial stetements for each financial year. Under that law they have elected to prepare the financial statements
in accordance with UK eccounting standards and applicable law (UK Generally Accepted Accounting Practice), including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure
Framework.

Under company law the directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of|
the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for that period. In preparing these financial statements, the directors are required to:

select suitable accounting policies and then epply them consistently,
‘+ ‘make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

‘tate whether applicable UK accounting standards have been followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in the financial
‘statements;

+ assess the Company's ably to continue as e going concem, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concem; and

+ use the going concer basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Group or the parent corupany or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.

‘The directors are responsible for keeping edequnte accounting records that are suficient to show and explain the Company's transactions and disclose with
reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company and enable them to ensure thet the financial statements comply with the Companies Act
2006, They are responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to eneble the preperation of financial statements that are free from material
misstatement, whether dus to fraud or error, and have general responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets ofthe
‘Company and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.

Under applicable law and regulations, the Directors are also responsible for preparing a Directors’ Report that complies with that law and those regulations.

“The directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the corporate and financial information included on the Company's website. Legislation in
the UK governing the preparation and dissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.

Page 3


===== page 6 =====
Axxsys Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Axxsys Limited

Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of Axxsys Limited ("the Company") for the year ended 31 March 2022 which comprise the Profit and Loss account,
Balance sheet, Statement of changes in Equity and related notes, including the accounting policies in note 1.

{In our opinion the financial statements:
+ gives tre and fair view of the state of the Company’s afftirs as at 31 March 2022 and of its Profit forthe year then ended;
+ have been properly prepared in accordance with UK accounting standards, including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework; and
+ have been prepared in accordance with the requirements ofthe Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion

‘We conducted our audit in accordance with Intemational Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)") and applicable law. Our responsibilities are described below.
‘We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and are independent of the Company in accordance with, UK ethical requirements including the FRC Ethical
Standard. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained isa suficient and appropriate basis for our opinion.

Goingeoncern

‘The directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concen basis as they do not intend to liquidate the Company or to cease its operations, and as they
have concluded that the Company's financial position means that this is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no material uncertaintics that could have cast
significant doubt over its ability to continue as a going concer for atleast a year from the dete of approval of the financial statements (“the going concem period”).

In our evaluation of the directors’ conclusions, we considered thei risks to the Company's business mode! and analysed how those risks might affect the
Company's financial resources or ability to continue operations over the going concer period.

(Our conclusions based on this work:

+ we consider that the Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is

appropriate;
+ we have not identified, and concur with the Directors" nent that there is not, @ material uncertainty related to events or
‘conditions tha, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the Company's ebility to continue as a going concer
for the going concem period.
However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and es subsequent events may result in outcomes that are inconsistent with judgements that
‘were reasonable atthe time they were made, the above ns arenot a ‘hat the Company will ‘in operation.

Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations ~ ability to detect

‘Mentifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to fraud
To identify risks of onsterial misstatement due to fraud ("fraud risks") we assessed events or conditions that could indicate an incentive or pressure to commit fraud oF
provide an opportunity to commit fraud. Our risk assessment procedures inctuded:

+ Enquiring of directors as to the Company's high-level policies and procedures to prevent and detect fraud, as well as whether they have knowledge
of any actual, suspected or alleged fraud.

+ Reading Board minutes.
+ Considering remuneration incentive schemes and performance targets for management and Directors.
+ Using analytical procedures to identify any unusual or unexpected relationships.

‘We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit team and remained atert to any indications of fraud throughout the audit,

AAs required by auditing standards, we perform p to the risk of me override of and the risk of fraudulent revente
recognition, in particular the risk that revenue is recorded in the wrong period and the risk that management may be in a position to make inappropriate
‘eccounting entries, and the risk of bias in accounting estimates and judgements such as share-based payment assumptions,

We did not identify any additional fraud risks.
We performed procedures including:

+ Identifying journal entries to test based on risk criteria end comparing the identified entries to supporting documentation. These included unusual
pairings with a credit or debit to an account below EBITDA and unusual journals with a credit or debit entry to cash;

+ Identifying revenue transactions to test based on unusual pairings with a credit or debit to revenue;
+ Assessing significant accounting estimates for bas,
‘entifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to non-compliance with laws and regulations

We identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably be expected to have a effect on the 1 ts from our general ial and
sector experience, and through discussion with the directors end other management (as required by auditing standards), and discussed with the directors and other
‘management the policies and procedures regarding compliance with laws and regulations.

We communicated identified laws and regulations throughout our team and remained alert to any indications of non-compliance throughout the auc,
‘The potential effect of these laws and regulations on the financial statements varies considerably.

Firstly, the Company is subject to laws and regulations that directly affect the financial it ‘financial reporting legislation (including related
‘companies legislation), distributable profits legistation and taxation legislation, and we assessed the extent of compliance with these laws and regulations as part of
‘our procedures on the related financial statement items.

‘Secondly, the Company is subject to many other laws and regulations where the consequences of non-compliance could have a material effect on amounts or
disclosures in the financial statements, for instance through the imposition of fines or litigation. We identified the following areas as those most likely to have such
‘an effect: enti-bribery and employment law recognising the financial nature of the Company's activities. Auditing standards limit the required aucit

Page 4


===== page 7 =====
Axasys Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
‘31 Mare 2022

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Axxsys Limited (continued)

procedures to identify non-compliance with these law and regulations to enquiry ofthe directors and other management and inspection of regulatory and legal
correspondence, if any. Therefore if breach of operational regulations is not disclosed to us or evident from relevant correspondence, an audit will not detect that
breach,

Context of the ability of the audit to detect fraud or breaches of law or regulation

(Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is en unavoidable risk that we may not have detected some material misstatements in the financial
statements, even though we have properly planned and performed our audit in accordance with auditing standards. For example, the further removed non-
compliance with laws end regulations is from the events and transections reflected in the financial statements, the less likely the inherently limited
procedures required by auditing standerds would identify it.

In addition, es with any audit, there remained a higher risk of non-detection of fraud, as these may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
isrepresentations, or the override of internal controls. Our audit procedures are designed to detect material misstatement, We are not responsible for preventing non
compliance or fraud and cannot be expected to detect non-compliance with all laws and regulations.

Directors’ report

‘The directors are responsible for the directors" report. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover this report and we do not express an audit opinion
thereon,

(ur responsibilty is to ead the directors’ report and, in doing so, consider whether, based on our financial statements audit work, the information therein is materially
misstated or inconsistent with the financial statsments or our audit knowledge. Based solely on that work:

‘+ we have not identified material misstatements in the directors’ report;
‘+ in our opinion the information given in this report for the financial year is consistent with the financial statements; and

‘+ in our opinion this report has been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception
Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:

+ adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received from branches not visited by us; oF

+ the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or
+ certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or
+ we have not received all the information and exptanations we require for our audit; or
* the directors were not entitled to take advantage of the small companies exemption from the requirement to prepare a strategic report.
We have nothing to report in these respects.

Directors’ responsibilities

‘As explained more fully in their statement set out on page 3, the directors are responsible for: the preparation of the financial statements and for being,
satisfied that they give a true and fur view; such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; assessing the Company's ability to continue asa going concem, disclosing, as applicable, matters
related to going concem; and using the going concem basis of accounting untess they either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or have
‘no realistic altemative but to do s0,

Auditor’s responsibilities

(Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
error, and (o issue our opinion in an auditor's report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but does not guarantec that an audit conducted in
accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists, Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if,
individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial statements.

‘A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC’s website at www. ie.org.uk/auditorsresponsbilities.

The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities

‘This report is made solely to the Company's members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006, Our audit work has been
undertaken so that we might state to the Company's members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no other purpose. To the
fullest extent permitted by law, we do not acceptor assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the Company's members, asa body, for our audit
‘work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Ame

‘Craig Parkin (Senior Statutory Auditor)

for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
Chartered Accountants

St Nicholas House,

31 Park Row,

‘Nottingham,

NGI 6FQ

13 October 2022
Page 5


===== page 8 =====
Axxsys Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
Profit & loss account
for the year ended 31 March 2022
Year ended ‘Year ended
Note 7 31 March 2022 31 March 2021
£000 £000
Revenue 2 3,649 4,145
Rechargeable expenses 2 @ -
Net fee income 2 3,648
Cost of sales 4 (2,586)
Gross profit 1,062 1,405
Administrative expenses 34,5 (834) (750)
Operating profit 228 655
Interest expense 6 @ :
Profit before taxation 226 655
‘Taxation (expense) / credit 7 @5) 3
191 658

Profit for the financial year

In both the current and preceding year, the Company made no acquisitions and had no discontinued operations.

‘There were no recognised gains or losses in either the current of preceding year other than thase disclosed in the profit and loss account, and therefore no separate
statement of other comprehensive income has been presented.

‘The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements,


===== page 9 =====
Balance sheet
As at 31 March 2022

Non-current assets
Tangible fixed assets
Right-of-use assets

Current assets
Debtors
Cash at bank and in hand

Current liabilities
Creditors: amounts falling due within one year
Lease liabilities

Deferred tax lability

Net current assets

Total assets less current liabilities

Non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities

Net assets

Capital and reserves
Called up share capital
Profit and loss account

Total Share holders' funds

Note

£000

3,635,
583

4,218
(4,736)
(105)
@

(1,845)

Asat
31 March 2022
£000

au
121

142

2,373

2,515

as)
2,497

2,497

2,497

‘Avussys Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022

Asat

31 March 2021

£000 £000

30

30
2470
681
3,151
(870)
©
(875)

2276

2,306

2,306

2,306

2306

‘The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements. These financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of

Directors on 12 October 2022. They were signed on its behalf by:

c(t

Jobn C Paton
Director

‘Company registered number: 04967647


===== page 10 =====
Statement of changes in equity

As at 1 April 2020
‘Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit for the period

Balance at 31 March 2021

Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit for the period
Bolance at 31 March 2022

‘The accormpanying notes form part of these financial statements.

Page 8

31 March 2022

Total

Called up Profitand Shareholders"
share capital loss account funds

£000 £000 £000

- 1,648 1,648

: 658 658

- 2,306 2,306

: 191 191

: 2,497 2,497

‘Avasys Limited
Annual report and financial statements


===== page 11 =====
‘Axxsys Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Notes
(forming part of the financial statements)

1 Accounting policies

‘Avassys Limited (the “Company”? is « Company limited by shares, domiciled and registered in the UK. The registered number is 04967647 and the
registered address is New Broad Street House, 35 New Broad Street, London, United Kingdom, EC2M INH.

‘These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework (“FRS 101").

In preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement and disclosure requirements of Intemational Financial Reporting.
‘Standards (“Adopted IFRSs"), but makes amendments where necessary in order to comply with Companies Act 2006 and has set out below where advantage

of the FRS 101 disclosure exemptions has been taken, Further, in accordance with Section 414A(2) of the Companies Act 2006, the Company has taken
the small company exemption from the requirement to prepare a strategic report.

‘The Company's parent undertaking, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc, includes the Company in its consolidated financial statements, The
consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc are available to the public and may be obtained from 60 Gresham Street,
London, EC2V 7BB.
In these financial statements, the Company has applied the exemptions available under FRS 101 in respect of the following disclosures:

+ A.cash flow statement and related notes;

+ Comparative period reconciliations for share capita, tangible fixed assets, intangible assets and investment properties;

* Disclosures in respect of transactions with wholly owned subsidiaries;

* Disclosures in respect of capital management

+ The effects of new but not yet effective IFRSs;

* Disclosures in respect of the compensation of Key Management Personnel; and

* Disclosures of transactions with a management entity that provides key management personnel services to the Company.

‘As the consolidated financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc include the equivalent disclosures, the Company has also taken the
exemptions under FRS 101 available in respect ofthe following disclosures:

+ IFRS 2 Share-Based Payment in respect of Group settled share-based payments; and.

“+ Certain disclosures required by IFRS 16 Leases in relation to disclosure of the Company's leasing activities.

+ Certain disclosures required by IFRS 3 Business Combinations in respect of business combinations undertaken by the Company. The
‘accounting policies set out below have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods presented in these financial statements,

‘There are no judgements made by the Directors, in the application of these accounting policies that have significant effect on the financial statements and
estimates with a significant risk of material adjustment in the next year.

LL Basis of preparation
‘These financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost basis, except for certain financial instruments thet are measured at fair value.
‘The presentational currency of these financial ‘and the func -y of the Company is pounds sterling, All amounts in these financial statements

have been rounded to the nearest £1,000, unless stated otherwise.

12 Going concern

Im assessing the Company's ability to continue on a going concem basis for a period of atleast 12 months from the approval of these financial statements (the “going
‘concem period”), the Directors considered the Company's projected cash flows, cash liquidity and existing undrawn borrowing facilities.

‘As 4131 March 202, the Company held financial esuress including cath balanes of £58,000, The Company aso bas aces, toughou the going concer prod,
to a revolving credit facility (*RCF") of £20.0m, through other Group companies, providing further liquidity.

‘The Company prepared cash flow forecasts covering the going concem period, The base case assumes trading performance over the forecast period in line with average
revenue growth in recent years at similar margins, and additionally incorporates future cash flows related to payments due. The Directors considered the principal risks
and mitigants and analysed a range of cash flow downside scenarios including a “reverso-sress test” scenario. This models the decline in sales that the Company would
beable to absorb over the going concem period before utilising all of the existing cash reserves available. The Directors consider this scenario and the sequence of events

that could lead to it o be remote, as it requires significant annualised revenue reductions compared to the base case, before modelling any mitigating actions, including
cost reductions.
‘The Directors’ have considered the Company's pet ness pipeline, white also remaining cognisant of the potential macroeconomic uncertainty

ruling fom een‘ evens in Uns, wih the Divert dona consie fo bea mae uncertainty for going concem purposes.

‘After careful consideration ofthese scenarios, the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company's existing resources are adequate to meet its requirements
‘over the going concem period. On this bass, the Directors consider that itis appropriate to adopt the going concem basis in preparing the financial statements.

13 Foreign currency

currencies are translated to the relevant entity's functional currency at the average foreign exchange rate in the month of the transection.
‘Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the balance sheet date are retranslated to the functional currency at the foreign exchange rate
ruling at that date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities thet are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the average exchange
rate in the month of the transaction and are not re Foreign exchange differences arising on ion to functional currency are recognised in
administration expenses. .

‘The revenues and expenses of foreign operations are translated to the Company's functional currency at the average foreign exchange rate in the month of the date
of the transactions. The assets and liabilities of foreign operations, including goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on consolidation, are translated to the
Group's presentational currency, pound sterling, at foreign exchange rates ruling at the balance sheet date. Foreign exchange differences arising on retrunslation of
assets and liabilities relating to foreign operations are recognised in total comprehensive income. Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations may be
reclassified subsequently to profit or loss when specific conditions are met.

Page 9


===== page 12 =====
‘Avuasys Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 Mareh 2022

Notes (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

14 Financial instruments

‘The Company uses financial instruments comprising cash and cash equivalents, preference shares, loan notes and other short-term instruments, such as trade
payables that arise from its operations. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to fund the Group's business strategy and working capital requirements.

Accounting policies in respect of financial instruments are outlined below.
Financial assets

Financial assets are initially measured at fair value plus or minus, in the case of a financial asset not st fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs, The Company
has not reclassified any financial assets subsequent to initial recognition as at the balance sheet date. Reclassification of classes of financial assets is accounted for
prospectively in accordance with IFRS 9, where this is required. Any difference on reclassification from amortised cost to fair valuc through profit or loss is recognised
in the profit and loss atthe reclassification date.

assets are ‘at each reporting date to a lifetime expected credit loss that reflects the credit risk associated with the portfolio of assets. A.
financial asset is impaired in line with the simplified approach under IFRS 9, which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance.

‘An impairment loss in respect ofa financial asset measured at amortised cost is calculeted as the difference between its carrying amount and the present value of the
estimated future cashflows discounted at the asset's original effective interest rate. For financial instruments measured at cost less impairment, impairment is calculated
as the difference between its carrying amount and the best estimate of the amount that the Company would receive for the asset if it were to be sold at the reporting,
date, Interest on the impairment asset continues to be recognised through the unwinding of the discount, Impairment loses are recognised in profit or loss. When &
subsequent event causes the amount ofthe impairment to decrease, the decrease in impairment loss is reversed through statement of comprehensive income.

Trade and other debtors

Trade and other debtors are recognised initially at fair value, equal to the transaction price, and subsequently measured at amortised cost less provision for impairment.
‘The trade receivables balances recorded in the Company's statement of financiat position are held until realised in

‘Axxsys provides services to customers on credit terms with mainly arrears billing. Certain receivables may not be paid, The Company applies the IFRS 9 simplified
‘approach to measuring expected credit losses, which uses s lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables. To measure expected credit losses, trade
receivables have been grouped based on shared credit characteristics and the days past due. The Company considers historical loss rates for each ageing category as
starting point for estimating the expected credit loss. Ths historical loss rate is subsequently adjusted for macro-economic and customer-specific fctors of receivables
within each ageing category. Characteristics considered by the Group for these purposes include: historical collection experience for each customer, the assessed
liquidity of key customers within the receivables balance; and other relevant macro-economic factors in order to determine @ reasonable and supportable assessment of
the expected lifetime eredit risk in the context of the overall year-end trade receivables duc.

Amounts owed by Group undertakings
Amounts owed by Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less provision for impairment. A
provision for impairment of intercompany receivables is established using an expected credit loss model, The Company classifies all intercompany receivables
that form a part of the normal trading cycle of the Company as current, as well as non-ading balances where the counterparty has sufficient resourocs to
settle the balance within a twelve month period from the balance sheet date. AU other amounts owed by Group undertakings are considered as non-current
assets. This represents 8 change in accounting policy in the year. All balances were considered current in the comparative period.

Cash and cash equivalents

‘Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances ond call deposits and are recorded and subsequently measured at amortised cost in line with IFRS 9. Bank overdrafts
‘that are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group's cash management are included as a component of cash and cash equivalents for the purpose of
‘the cash flow statement only.

Financial liabilities

Financial libilities at fair value through profit or los include financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition
sat fair value through profit or loss. Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are acquired for the purpose of selling inthe near term.
‘This category includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Company that are not designated as hedging instruments in hedge relationships
1s defined by IFRS 9. As at 31 March 2022, the Company had no such financial liabilities.

Other financial liabilities held by the Group are recognised at amortised cost.
Trade and other creditors

Trade and other payables arc initially recognised at fair value and are subsequently measured at amortised cost. Trade payables due within one year are not
discounted.

Amounts owed to Group undertakings
Amounts owed to Group undertakings are recognised initially at feir value and subsequently measured at amortised cost.

1s Leases
‘The Company leases office premises in various jurisdictions. Leases are negotiated on en individual basis, and for a variety of terms over which rentals are fixed with
‘break clauses and options to extend for » further period at the then prevailing market rate. The rental agrezment to which IFRS 16 has been applied, spans 14 months
‘Contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components. Noa-lease components are separately identifisble and excluded fiom the lease for the purpose of IFRS 16
implementation.

‘The lease agn do not impose any other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security
for borrowing purposes.

‘Measurement of lease liabilities

‘On initial recognition of a mew lease, the lease lability is recognised as the present value of future payments, discounted using the incremental borrowing rate (“IBR”),
‘unless the interest rate implicit tothe lease is available for use,

Lease payments to be made subsequent to optional terminetion options have been included within the lease liability measurement, wher it is reasonsbly certain that such

‘options will not be exercised. Similarly, lease payments relating to extension options are only included wherein reasonable certainty has been achieved that these options
will be exercised.

Page 10


===== page 13 =====
‘Axxsys Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Notes (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

1S Leases (continued)

Lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be easily determined, the IBR is applied, being the rate thatthe individual
lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value to the right-of-use asst in a similar economic environment with similar terms,
security and conditions.

‘The Company accounts for lease payments by allocating them to finance cost element and against the lease lability. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over the
lease period.

‘When the Company revises its estimate of the term of any lease (for example, if the probability ofa lessee extension or termination option being exercised is re-
assessed), the Company adjusts the carrying amount ofthe lease liability to reflect the payments to make over the revised term, which are discounted using &
revised discount rate. In such cases, an equivalent adjustment is made to the carrying value of the right-of-use asset, with the revised carying amount being
“amortised over the remaining (revised) lease term. Ifthe carrying amount of the right-of-use asset is adjusted to zero, any further reduction is recognised in profit

or loss,

‘The Company has no material exposure to variable lease payments that qualify for accounting treatment under IFRS 16.
‘Measurement of right-ofuuse assets

The rightoofuse asset for lease agreements entered into after transition date is measured on initial recognition as the amount equal tothe lease libilty on initial
‘measurement, less any lease incentives, plus any inital direct costs. Right-of-us assets are depreciated over the shorter ofthe asset’ useful life andthe lease term
ona straight-line basis.

16 Tangible fixed assets
All property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost (or deemed historical cost) less accumulated depreciation. Cost includes the original purchase
price of the asset and the costs attribuiable to bringing the asset to its working condition for its intended use,

Depreciation is provided on all property, plant and equipment at rate calculated to write each asset down to its estimated residual value on a straight-line basis at
the following annul rates:

‘Computer equipment 3 years straight line

17 Impairment (non-financial assets)

‘The carrying amounts of the entity's non-Cinancial assets, other than deferred tx assets, are reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether there is
any indication of impeirment. If any such indication exists, then the assets’ recoverable amount is estimated. The recoverable amount of an asset or casb-
‘generating unit is the grester ofits value in use and its fair value, less costs to sell. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted
to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific tothe asset.

FFor the purposes of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates
independent cash inflows (the “cash-generating unit"); that is, cash inflows from continuing use thet are largely independent of the cash inflows of other
assets or groups of asses.

‘An impairment loss is recognised ifthe carrying amount of an asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated recoverebte amount. Impairment losses are recognised
in proft or loss. Impairment losses are allocated between the carrying amounts of other assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro-rata basis as a
reduction in the value ofthe asset

‘An impairment loss is reversed if and only if the reasons forthe impairment have ceased to epply.

‘Impairment losses recognised in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indication that the toss has decreased or no longer exists. An
‘impairment loss is only reversed to the extent that the asset's carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net
of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

Right-of-use assets relating to the Company's leasing activities are recognised on the balance sheet at an amount equal to the lease liability on initial
measurement, less any lease incentives, plus any initial direct casts. Right-of-use assets are depreciated over the shorter of the asset's useful life and the
lease term on a straight-line basis. For further information refer to the “Leases” section above.

18 Employee benefits

Defined contribution plans

‘A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which the Company pays fixed contributions into a separate entity and will have a
legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts. Contributions to defined contribution schemes are charged to the statement of comprehensive
income as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the scheme. Differences between contributions payable in the year and contributions paid
are shown as either accruals or pre-payments in the statement of financial position.

19 Provisions
Provisions are distinct from other liabilities as there is uncertainty over the timing or amount of the cash outflow required to settle the liability. Provisions
are measured at the present value of the expenditure expected to be required to settle the obligation. These are discounted to present value using an appropriate
pre-tax discount rate, where the time value of money is material.

110 Revenue recognition
Recognition of revenue and client billing

Revenue consists of the value of work executed for clients during the year and expenses recharged, exclusive of VAT. Revenue is classified into net fee
income and recharged expenses. Net fee income represents the Company's personnel, subcontractor and related expertise and services sold to clients.
Recharged expenses is the recharge of costs incidental to fulfilling contracts including flights, subsistence and eccommodation on which nil or negligible
margin is earned by the Company.

Page 11


===== page 14 =====
Axasys Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
Notes (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

110 Revenue recognition (continued)

‘The Company delivers services that have no allemative use to Alpha (advice to clients, reports, etc) asthe services are specifically tailored to cliens’ projects
and scope of work. The significant majority of Alpha's is on a time and basis, where the per is to provi

consultancy resources at agreed day rates. In such contracts, revenue is recognised over time, as the number of consultant days worked are delivered.
Modificetions or extensions to such projects are recognised as delivered. Significant extensions, where the scope or price of the contract increases, are treated
1s separate contracts. Contracts accounted for on atime and materials basis are billed incrementally, typically monthly, for incurred time and materials.
Revenue recognition for fixed fee projects is based on the actual service provided to the end of the reporting period as « proportion of total services to be
provided either over time or in line with intemally or externally identified project milestones, depending on the nature of the performance obligations for
the project. Material scope changes are managed via a new agreement with the client. Fixed fee projects are typically billed in aocordance with the nature

of the performance obligations when a right to payment crystallises,

For Gxed fee milestone projects, revenue is recognised at a point in time upon delivery of each performance obligation and these projects are billed as
contractual milestones are delivered and the right to payment exist.

Revenue is wholly attributable to the principal activities of the Group. For all revenue types, payment is typically due between 30 and 60 days after the
invoice date or receipt of invoice, depending on the client and geography.

Recognition of contract receivables

Activity perf recognised as in excess of raised are receivables and are included within acerued income, up to the value of
‘the relevant project delivery milestone, where applicable. On invoicing, the contract receivable is reclassified to trade receivables.
Recognition of contract liabilities

‘Where amounts have been invoiced in excess of work performed and recognised, the excess is a contract liability and is included within deferred income
and valued in line with the nature of the project and related performance obligations as described above and recognised in future periods.

MI Cost of sales

Cost of sales is defined by management asthe direct costs associated with the generation of the Group's revenue, including staff payroll and contractor
costs, subsistence and travel that are dirccly attributable to the delivery of serviees and supporting growth

LIZ Expenses
Interest receivable and interest payable

Interest payable ond similar expenses include interest payable, ig of the discount on provisions, and discount unwindi with leases
within the scope of IFRS 16. ther interest oceivable nd similar income inlude interest receivable on funds invested and vet feign exchange gains.

Interest income and interest payable is recognised in profit or oss as it accrues, using the effective interest method.

Dividend expense
Dividend expenses are recognised in the profit and loss account on the date the entity's right to pay the dividend is established.

1s Taxation

‘Taxation expense on the result for the period comprises current and deferred tax. Curent and deferred tax is recognised in the consolidated statement of
‘comprehensive income, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in equity, in which case itis recognised in equity.

‘Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable om the taxable income for the period, using tax rates enected or substantively enacted at the balance
sheet date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous periods.

Deferred taxis provided using the balance sheet liability method, providing for temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. The amount of deferred tax provided is based on the expected manner of
realisation or settlement of the carrying amount of assets and libilties, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the balance shect date,

‘The camying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient
‘taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered, Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is legally
enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities, and when they relate to taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the
‘Company intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basi.

14 ‘New accounting standards and interpretations
‘The following changes in accounting policies were applied by the Company in these financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022. These
included the adoption of now standards and interpretations described below.
‘The Intemational Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) have issued the following standards and
interpretations which are now effective:
+ Interest Rate Benchmark Reform — Phase 2 - (Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16), effective from 1 January 2021;
+ COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021 (Amendment to IFRS 16), effective from 1 January 2021;
‘The Director’ reviewed the nature and effect of these new standards on the Company and noted no material impact on the financial statements for the year
‘ended 31 March 2022.

‘The Directors have considered new standards and interpretations that have been issued but not yet been effective, however have applied the exemption not to
disclose this information under FRS 101.

Page 12


===== page 15 =====
Axasys Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
Notes (continued)
2 Revenue
FY22 FY 21
£000 £000
Rendering of services 3,648 445
Rechargeable expenses 1
3,649 4145
FY 22 FY21
£000 £000
‘By activity
Management consulting 3,649 445
3 Auditor's remuneration
FY22 FY 21
£000 £000
56 44

Amounts receivable by the Company's auditor and its associates in respect of services to the Company and its associates, other than the audit of the Company's
financial statements, have not been disclosed as the information is required instead to be disclosed on a consolidated basis in the consolidated financial statements,
of the Company's parent, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Plc.

4 Staff numbers and costs

‘The average number of persons employed by the Company (including Directors) during the year, analysed by category, was as follows:

Number of employees

FY22 FY21
Administrative 3 3
Sales n B
15 16
‘The aggregate payroll cosis of these persons were az follows:
FY22 FY21
£000 £000
Wages and salaries 1,812 1812
Social security costs, 204 216
Contributions to defined contribution plans 45 47
2,061 2015
5 Director’s remuneration
Fy22 FY21
£000 £000
Directors’ remuneration * 999 RIT
Company contributions to money purchase pension plan 9 :
Number of Directors
Benefits are accruing to the following umber of Directors under: FY22 FY21
Money purchase schemes (retirements) 1 -
‘Long term share incentive plan 1 :
Por FY 22, he fer deters

c tion forthe year has been modified wo include the bonus acerued in respect of FY 22, instead of the bonus that was pid during
‘the year. Directors’ remuneration for FY 21 includes the bonus that was paid during the year and has nat been esate.
Page 13


===== page 16 =====
Notes (continued)

5 Director’s remuneration (continued)

‘Axasys Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

‘The aggregate of remuneration and amounts receivable under Company long term incentive schemes of the highest paid Director was £444,000 (FY 21:

£331,000).

Amounts paid or payable tothe Company's Directors through the Company's parent undertakings have been

cluded from the above disclosure and included within

the disclosures of other Group companies, on the basis that their services are predominantly provided to the wider Group.

6 Finance income & expenses
Interest payable
7 Taxation

Recognised in the profit and loss account

Current tax
(Current tax on income for the period
‘Adjustments in respect of prior periods

“Total current tax

Deferred tax (see note 14)
Origination and reversal of timing differences
Effect of tax rate change on opening balances

Reconeiliation of effective tax rate

Profit for the year
Total tax expense / (credit)

Profit excluding taxation

‘Tax using the UK corporation tax rate of 19%
Fixed asset differences

Reduction in tax rate on deferred tax balances
Non-deductible expenses

‘Adjustments in respect of prior periods
Group relief received

Paymenv(receipt) for group relief

Total tax expense / (credit)

Fy22 FY21
£000 £000
2 :
FY22 FY 21
£000 +2000 £000 £000
33 :
3 ®
36 ®
@ .
1 -
q@) -
38 )
FY2 FY21
£000 £000
191 658
38 @)
226 655
a 125
@) -
1 -
a0) 1
3 @)
@3) 026)
3 :
38 @)

‘An increase in the UK corporation tax rate from 19% to 25% (effective 1 April 2023) was substantively enacted during the year on 24 May 2021. Once effective,
‘this change would increase the Company's future current tax charge accordingly.

‘On 23 September 2022, the UK Government announced revised plans to hold the rate of UK corporation tax at 19%, cancelling the previous plans to increase the
rate to 25% from April 2023. This revised plan bas not yet been substantively enacted and has no impact on the current or deferred tax charge in the year ended

31 March 2022.

Page 14



===== page 17 =====
Notes (continued)

8 Tangible fixed assets

Cost

Balance at I April 2021
Acquisitions

Disposals

Depreciation and impairment
Balance at 1 April 2021
Depreciation charge for the year
Disposals

Net book value
At 31 March 2022

Atl April 2021

9 Fixed asset investments

At 31 March 2022 & 31 March 2021

Country of Registered Principal activity

Subsidiary undertakings Incorporation address

Avossys Financial Software Consulting Consultancy

Canada Limited eel 1 services

Axssys Consulting USA Inc USA 2 Consultancy
services

‘Axxsys Danmark ApS Denmark 3 Consukancy
services

Page 1S

‘Axxsys Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Computer
equipment
£000

98
16
(84)

30

(68)
@)
68

0)

2

30

Shares in
Group undertakings
£000

Class and Class and
percentage of percentage of
shares held - shares held -
31 March 2022 31 March 2021
100% ordinary 100% ordinary
100% ordinary 100% ordinary

100% ordinary 100% ordinary


===== page 18 =====
Axxsys Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements
31 March 2022

Notes (continued)

10

Fixed asset investments (continued)

Notes:

1, 1800-13401 108th Aveue, Surrey, British Cobia V3T ST3, Canada

2. Incorp Services, Inc., One Commerce Center, 1201 Orange Street #600, Witmington, Delaware 19899
3. Flaesketorvet 68, DK-1711 Copenhagen, V Denmark

Leases

Amounts recognised in the statement of financial position

‘The balance sheet shows the following amounts relating to leas

Right-of-use assets Buildings
£000
Cost
‘At April 2021 -
Additions 14
Disposals and other movernents -
At 31 March 2022 124
Depreciation
‘At April 2021 -
Charge for the period 8)
Disposals -
‘At 31 March 2022 ®
Net book value at 31 March 2022 11
‘At I April 2021 -

Poge 16


===== page 19 =====
‘Axasys Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
Notes (continued)
10 Leases (continued)
‘A summary of the Company's lesse liabilities as at 31 March 2022 is presented below:
FY2 FY21
£000 £000
Due within 1 year 108 -
Duc between 1 and 5 years 18 -
Due after 5 years : -
Total lease liabilities - undiscounted 126 -
Impact of discounting @ -
Total Lease liabilities - discounted 123 ~
w ‘Amounts recognised in the income statement

‘The income statement shows the following amounts relating to leases:

FY22 FY 21

£000 £000
Depreciation of right-of-use asset 3 -
Included in administration expenses 3 .
Interest expense on lease liabilities 2 :
Included in finance expenses 2 -

‘Total rental payments made in the year on all lease tenors amounted to £3,000 (FY 21: nil).

‘The Company has given consideration to any extension options end early termination options with reasonable certainty atthe date of signing these financial statements,
and these have been reflected within the lease libility where appropriate.

‘The Company had no income with sub-leasing ‘or gains/losses associated with sale-and-leascback transactions in the year ended 31 March
2022.
W Debtors
FY22 FY 21
£000 £000
‘Trade debtors 302 328
Amounts owed by Group undertakings 3,287 2075
Other debtors 2 3
Prepaymnents and accrued income 34 “4
3,635 2470

‘Amounts owed by Group undertakings are interest free and are repayable on demand.
‘Trade debtors are stated after an immaterial provision for expected credit losses in both the current and prior years,

Amounts owed by Group undertakings are interest free and are repayable on demand. The Company classifies all intercompany receivables that form a part of the normal
‘trading cycle of the Company as current, as well as non-trading balances where the counterparty has sufficient resources to settle the balance within a twelve-month period

from the balance sheet date. All other amounts owed by Group undertakings are considered as current assets. Of a total of £3,287,000 (FY 21: £2,075,000) of amounts
‘owed by Group undertakings, the Company recognised £3,287,000 (FY 21: £2,075,000) within current assets

Page 17


===== page 20 =====
‘Axasys Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
Notes (continued)
n Cash and cash equivalents
Fy22 FY 21
£000 £000
Cash and cash equivalents $83 681
Balance as at 31 March 2022 583 681
B Creditors: amounts falling due within one year
FY22 FY21
£000 £000
‘Trade creditors 142 48
‘Amounts owed to Group undertakings 1,045 179
Taxation and social security 309 a4
‘Accruals and deferred income 240 199
1,736 870

‘Amounts owed to Group undertakings are either interest-bearing oF non-interest-bearing depending on the type of the creditor relationship and local regulatory
requirements, At the balance sheet date all of these balances are non-inteest-bearing, All amounts owed to Group undertakings are repeyable on demand.

Deferred income recognises contract liabilities arising ftom the Company's revenue generating activities retating to payments received in advance of performance
delivered under a contruct. These contract liabilities typically arse on short-term timing differences between performance obligations in some milestone or fixed
fee contracts and ther respective payment The liability ‘n the year represents these timing dif across: at
each year end. As at 31 March 2022 there is an immaterial level of deferred income held on the Company's balance sheet, and movements in contract liabilities in
the year were immaterial. All current deferred income is expected to be recognised through revenue within one year.

14 Deferred tax assets and liabilities
Recognised deferred tax assets and liabilities

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are attributable to the following:

Assets Liabilities Net

F¥22 FY2I FY22 FY21 FY22 FY 21

£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000

Tangible fixed assets - - 5 6 5 6
Other q@) a : : @ a)
Net tax (assets)/liabilities @ a 5 6 4 5

‘The Company has no unrecognised tax losses in addition to the deferred tax assets above (FY 21: £nil).
‘An increase in the UK conporation tax rate from 19% to 25% (effective 1 April 2023) was substantively enacted during the year on 24 May 2021, This rate has been
reflected in the calculation of deferred tax assets and liabilities as at 31 March 2022.

‘On 23 September 2022, the UK Government announced revised plans to hotd the rate of UK corporation tax at 19%, cancelling the previous plans to increase the
rate to 25% from | April 2023. This revised plan has not yet been substantively enacted and has no impact on the current or deferred tax charge in the year ended

31 March 2022.

Page 18


===== page 21 =====
‘Axcasys Limited
‘Annual report and financial statements

31 March 2022
Notes (continued)
15 Capital and reserves
Share Capital
FY22 FY21
£ £
Allotted, called up and fully paid
427,000 ordinary shares of £0.0001 each 43 4a
43 4a

‘The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the Company.

16 Related parties
Identity of related parties with which the Company has transacted

‘The Company has not engaged in any material transactions with any related parties other than with wholly owned subsidiaries. These transactions have not been
disclosed as the Company has taken advantage of exemptions under FRS 101.
"7 Ultimate parent company

‘The Company is a subsidiary undertaking of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Group Lid, incorporated in England and Wales, The ultimate controlling party
is Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Ple.

Both the largest and smallest Grouy

Which the results ofthe Company are consolidated is that headed by Alpha Financial Markets Consulting Pl, incorporated

in England and Wales. The consolidated financial statements of the Group are available to the public and may be obtained from 60 Gresham Sureet, London,
EC2V 7BB, or the website investors.alphafine.com.

Page 19
