

===== page 1 =====
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting pic

Annual report and financial statements
Registered number 09965297
31 March 2024

*ADSHQTAB*

AS 14/08/2024 #129
COMPANIES HOUSE

WEDNESDAY


===== page 2 =====
The power
of our people

Annual Report & Accounts 2024



===== page 3 =====
Welcome to Alpha’s 2024
Annual Report and Accounts

Headquartered in the UK and quoted on the Alternative Investment
Market of the London Stock Exchange, Alpha Financial Markets Consulting!
is a leading global consultancy to the financial services industry.

Alpha combines highly specialist, sector-focused management consulting and
technology expertise to support the client transformation lifecycle. It has 1,000
consultants globally, operating from 17 client-facing offices? spanning the UR,
North America, Europe and APAC.

For more information, see the website: alphafmc.com/investors

Contents

introduction

Corporate Governance

Financial Statements

Welcome

64 Chairman's introduction

1 Highlights

Strategic Report

Ata glance

Our gional story

Building on our success

Investment case

Chairman's report

Chief Executive Officer's report

Business model

Market overview

Strategy

Key performance indicators

Chiet Financial Cfiicer’s report

Section 172 statement

Looking after aur people

Sustainante business

Task Force on Climate-Relatod
Financial Disclosures

Risk management

Principal risks and uncertainties

Non-financial information
and sustainabily statement

66 Board of Directors:

68 Corporate Govemance Gode

70 Corporate governance report

76 Nomination Committee report

78 ESG Commitiee report

408 Consolidated statement of
comprehensive income

169 Consolidated statement
of financial position

110 Consolidated statement of cash flows

111 Consolidated statement of changes
in equity

80 Audit and Risk Committee report

84 Remuneration Committee report

95 Directors’ report

98 Statement cf Directors’ responsibilities

99. Inclependent aucitor’s report

> Visit us ontine to see Alpha's Sustainability Report

1 dbetia i

112 Notes ta the consolidated
financia statements

445 Company statement of
financiat position

146 Company statement of changes
in equity

147 Notes to the Campany
financial statements

SASE Disclosure

154 SASR disciosure

Company Information

158 Directors and advisers

(hae gee muti offies i one iguana. Bey wt bes eeawte a one oF



===== page 4 =====
Financial highlights®

£235.5m

Rasilient trading performance in a more competitive
market environment: maintaining consistent
consultant day rates overall, albeit at lower average
utlisation, particularly over the Q2 summer months

£42.2m

Agjusted EBITDA reflects gross profit
and appropriately managed costs

Operational highlights

Consultants®

1,000

Alpha continues to attract the highest calibre
consultants globally and has invested selectively
for future growth

New client relationships

146

Reflects robust demand, spanning all
the Group's global businesses

‘are ont ng pass of the nay
erformance measures VAPMs"

4 The Grewo uses alternate
measures excl da certain

the Cel Financial Sitcer = Resort ang note d for furtmar aarals

‘Gonsutants’ and neagea.™ -slar ta lee aamnng consunants st the year enc: erap 3

Dwacicrs' reters 6 fee-qercratiny cueciora 2! “he yaar end AN diesinr nereases a°6

better signs they roles wi the consullang marsets

Shoreline’ raters to Shoraine Consulting PL, Us Shoreline:

andthe compart

oe luther Panes to aM derstanding of the uric
ire aeouetion and ntegration ents, sano! abi delemeg consicaranon -asts, restruLtury

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 1

Gross profit reflects lower average consultant utifsation
and selective investment in Alpha's growing teams,
while actively managing variable costs

£29.4m

Healthy net cash position and undrawn
£50,0m revolving credit facility provides
further funding flexibility

Directors‘

116

Continued growth of the global director team, adding
further senior talent and expertise to the Group

Acquisitions

1

Bolt-on acquisition of Shoreline?
consolidates Alpha's APAC presence

year. 9.37 Maren 2023-°F¥ 24, unless omsrmie spaciied AY rourang ans

9 te"ing pertormarice of the Grogp vese
sts ard $nare-tkased payenent ohaegos Reker 10

rs chent-facng rales
paring tna re

sullants Sus ut 136 cot
30.28 net Apne is prauresswa

sero partner n seme teams t

scltated Pry Lea arc subsidiaries accuwred by Aloha.cn | May 202%)

alphatme.com



===== page 5 =====
2 Annuat Report & Accounts 2024

j alphatme.cot


===== page 6 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 3

Strategic
Report

Hodey a6ee25

4 Ataglance

5 Our global story

6 Building on our success

8 investment case

9 Chairman's report
42. Chief Exeoutive Off

18 Market overview

22 Strategy

e indicators

26. Chief Financial Officer's report

31 Section 172 statement

36 Looking after our people

40. Sustainable business

48. Tas Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures

52. Risk management

57 Principal risks and uncertainties

61 Non-financial information and sustainability statement

66 Alpha is head and snout
3oove the competition when
iL comes to knowledge of the
asset management space”

Director,
Global asset manager

alphafme.com


===== page 7 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Pagort

At a glance

Why we do what we do

Our purpose

To deliver outstanding outcomes for all our stakeholders: helping our
clients to make the most of the opportunities in their markets; providing

Our mn
To be the best consulting firm in

our people the best corporate experience possible; oullding a profitable
and sustainable business for our investors; and creating a positive

impact on our communities.

How we do it

Developing
highly focused.

Nurturing the:
beat cutture that

Prioritising

+ sector propositions + places people at the +
*e with the best heart of the
expertise. business
What we do

Alpha is a leading consultancy to the asset and wealth
management, alternatives and Insurance sectors. We suppor
the client transformation lifecycle by providing management
consulting and complementary technology services that are
highly focused on the sectors in which we operate.

Management consulting

Our management consulting teams are experts in the
asset and wealth management, altematives and
ingurance sectors. Their goal is to help client
organisations make the most of the opportunities facing

rt

We bring together the specialist industry knowledge,
deep expertise and outstanding focus on delivery excellence
of our global teams to help clients think smarter and shape
their businesses for the future.

Technology consulting

Our technology consulting teams have unrivalled
knowledge of and expertise in the technology platforms
and models used in the investment sectors. They
support clients in leveraging technology breakthroughs,

them in a rapidly changing financiai services jandscape Hand daiivering high quality business value through
of regulatory change, fee pressure, growth in assets and technology solutions, implementations and software.
insurance policies, and client and societal expectations. Against an ever-changing backdrop of new technology,
Our consultants help clients work more effectively digitisation and automation choices, we help our olients
when requirements are new or more complicated, and deliver relevant outcomes that protect, optimise and
excel against strong competition. deliver positive results.

Our strategy

alphatme.com

2

3

Roll out

the client
proposition

Make selective
acquisitions

globally

all the sectors in which we operate.


===== page 8 =====
Our global story

First we:

Became known to
our clients for the high
quality of our team.

Focused on outsourcing,
operational change

and M&A integration,
with emerging
distribution and
investments capabaities.

Then we:

~ Capitalised on our
reputation for
market-leading
consulting advice.

— Continued to
develop consulting
solutions agross the
asset! and wealth
management chain.

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 5

We have:

— Established a global
capability and reputation
for delivering some of
the most challanging
and complex projects
in the industry.

Committed to a growth
strategy that involves:
‘expanding the business
organically, including
into the insurance sector,

We will:

— Continue to build scale
both globally and across
a range of existing
markets by growing
and differentiating the
service offering

~ Pursue with momentum
our objective to be
recognised as the
teacing consultancy to
the asset management,

and through highly wealth management,
complementary aitematives and insurance
acquisitions. industries globally — and,
ultimately, across financial
services worldwide.
. North America Uk? Europe APAC
|
350+ 380+ 190+ 60+
| consultants consultants consultants consultants
| New York (2009) London (2003) Luxembourg (2008) Singapore (2017)
| Boston (2015) Edinburgh (2016) Paris (2010) Sydney (2021)
| Toronto (2019) Amsterdam (2018) Melbourne (2023)
| Denver (2021) Geneva (2017)
; San Francisco (2021) Zurich (2019)
Copenhagen (2019)
' Frankfurt (2021)
. SS
of
e
—_—.
ve

@ Arts year eno, Alnha has launches @ branch in Alu Ohab which val may be overseen by and arm part of the UK busin65s

alghatme.com

2
Ff
3
é
a
Fi
8



===== page 9 =====
6 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

Building on our success

Alpha is launched Alpha today

gement janagemont
ulting ged

North America

Asset & Wealth Alternatives

Managemen

Maturity key: marker

Inception

Alpha’s history

2003

Alphas founded in London

| as.a provider of specialist

| consultancy services to the

asset management industry,

alphafme-com

| 2008

| Europe presence
| ts establishad, with
| the opening of the

| Luxembourg office.

2009

2013

First private equity
investment in Alpha

2015

Alpha's Diversity &
|, Inclusion programme

US presenoa ts
established, wath
the opening of the
New Yori office.

by Baird Capital, | iSeunched.
|
i
a i a os
i 2014 2016
Creation of Alpna’s Investment in Alpha by
! first Technology Dunedin, with Baird Capital
1 Services practice exiting in full Alpha has
inthe UK, , 200 consultants across

seven offices.


===== page 10 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 7

ih) At Alpha 4
For long-te
outcomes far lou

@
ot
wv
x=
Qo
@
a
©
mal
w

Luc Baqué
Chief Executive Officer

podey o16e1enS

Our focus for the next four years

Consulting

onsutting

2019 2023

Acquisition of Shoreline. a feading
APAC-based cansuitancy,

Alpha celerates 20 years since twas
founded in the UK as a sigle-boutque
management consultancy to the asset
management sector

Creation of the Pensions & Reta Investments practice:
the Start of Alphas expansion intoingurance consuiti,
Aloha 2oauires two more businesses:

Arasys. technology specialists for nvestment
reanagemert clents, and Obsidian, expanding

the Aiwa solutions suite

a e a Oe
2017 2021 2024
APAC proseicas ostabishod, wih the cpering Acquistion af Lonpont, extanang Aloha contnuss to gro, rertng
fiona aterraines capebites revenue growth 19 2235.5,

of the Singapore office
Alpha acquires its frst complementary business wn
TrackTws, auch bacomes part of Ana

Successful AIM admission with a market capitalisation of
[160m Alpha has c. 300 consultants across nine offices.

and increasing the global footpnnt
partiouariy in North Amenca,

alghatme.com


===== page 11 =====
8 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

Investment case

Six reasons to Invest in Atpha

We have a long history of achieving strong growth in net fee income, °
Astrong cash generation and profitability thanks to our market-leading ‘0
PERATEEEPOEE consultancy expertise and successtul business model. This has

generated attractive returns for our shareholders since the Group's oe X
AIM admission in October 2017,

corporate culture and commitment to learning and career
development. This allows us to achieve capid organic growth
with low rates of attrition.

We attract, develop and retain the highest calibre consultants [e)
thanks to our competitive compensation framework, strong . (ec)

We are highly specialised in the financial services sectors that we o
The best focus on, unlike many of our Competitors. Alpha’s experienced, . («)

expertise

expert director team has demonstrated an incredible track record
of anticinating our client needs and developing our proposition ‘ be
to best serve them. .

A very strong people culture creates an environment in which
The best Alpha’s employees feel passionate about their work, their

culture colleagues, their communities and serving clients to the best
of our collective abzlity

service Client relationships, significant repeat business and cross-selling
opportunites, which help drive market share gains.

t We have a reputation for delivering complex and challenging 3 8) 9 5%
e best projects to the highest standards. Our record of delivery brings new ° (e]

The global asset and wealth management, alternative investments,

and insurance markets that we service are expected to continue

BIT i | 10 g'Ow strongly, They remain subject to long-term trends such 2 » 4
as growth in assets and insurance policies, regulatory cemand,

opportunity ibe pressures, client and societal expectations and technology mo

breakthroughs, which underpin clients’ needs for support with

their advisory, change, implementation and techno‘ogy projects.

9. The statement that the Alpha Grouo’s growth plan nas an amoition to double the size ot ts business by 2028 is aspyrational anly and should not be construed as a profi loracast within
‘the meaning of the Takaover Code, Thera can be ao certainty that Alpha weil achieve ils ambition, which &s Subject 19 various assumptions, risks and uncertainties that couls cause
Alpha’s growth to ditfer matarally from its expressed amiiton.

alphatme.com


===== page 12 =====
Chairman's report

se)

ae

Ken Fry
Charman

Having consistently achieved growth since AIM admission in 2017,
the Group experienced increased compatition in the global consulting
market ang a lengthened sales cycle in FY 24. Against this backdrop,
Group net fee income increased 2.8% and 4.8% on a constant
currency basis. Client wins and trading have incrementally improved
in recent months with consultant utilisation approaching near
target levels by the end of the year, and maintained at this level
into the oarly part of FY 25, The Board views this as a resilient
performance within the broader market landscape, reflecting

the Group's robust business model, leading expertise and

strong proposition.

Alphas multi-boutique model, with its cross-selling framework
across regions and sectors, and collaboration between management
and technology consulting, is a key part of Alpha’s growth strategy.
The Group continued to invest selectively in the foundations that
support this growth agenda and made progress in a number of
key areas in the year.

Annual! Report & Accounts 2024 3

The Group broadened and deepened its proposition, which will
support the future soaling of the business. This included selective
hires or internal promotions in all regions, key hires to further establish
our insurance consuiting offering in North America, and comoleting
the acquisition of Shoreline to consolidate aur offering in the
APAG region.

Scaling up and roting out our newer businesses, including
allematives and insurance consulting continues to be ane of
our growth pifars as we aim to meet our 2028” strategic target.
‘Our Alternatives business, Lionpoint, saw increased demand
across all regions, particularly in North America, growing the
client base with 55 new client wins. North America remains a
very exciting, strategic growth region for the Group and we
graw headcount by 15 averall.

We continue to enhance and diversify our sector-specific offerings,
in ine with client demand and needs, We are prou that the Alpha
offering now embeds Tectnology Consulting and a software business,
‘n Aiviq, which adds depth to our delivery and cross-sell opportunity.
To capitaise on the technology opportunities that we see in all our
markets, both for standalone technology services projects and as
part of major change programmes, we formalised a number of
technology tead roles in our asset & wealth management and
insurance consulting teams

The Group ended the year well positioned, with a healthy
net cash position of £29.4m (FY 23; £59,2m),

Since Alpha began aver 20 years ago, it has been aur outstanding
staff that nas helped establish and earn a global reputation for
delivering challenging and complex projects to the highest standards,
This year has been no exception and ! want to take this opportunity
to thank Aipha’s people for their unwavering focus and excellent
contributions in a challenging period. We believe that thera are
vary exciting opportunities ahead for Alpha, with such a strong
group of consultants and a culture that encourages and
celebrates success for everyone.

g
g
g
3
e
Ps
Fi
3
3
3



===== page 13 =====
10 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

w
cf

Governance and the Board

‘The Board is dedicated to upholding the highest standards of

corporate governance. We consider business ethics, integrity,

and strong governance fundamental to reducing risk and securing

- tong-term sharehoider value. In recognition of the crucial rola the
Board has in overseeing and advancing the Group's ESG” efforts,
the ESG Committee was formally established in the period, under
the guidance of Jil! May as Chair.

astrang gr
sult ar

The ESG Committee's role is to maintain oversight of Aipha’s
SG agenda, ensuring that the Group compiles with regulatory
requirements, meets the expectations of its stakeholders and
positions the Group for long-term sustainable success. The Board
intends to stay actively engaged with ESG across all re'evant topics
as they evolve and, to this end, we commenced a schedule of
Board training, emahasising current and emerging areas of
responsibility across all ESG-related topics.



===== page 14 =====
For the first time this year, Alpha is publishing metrics and
information under the Task Force on Climate-related Financial
Disclosures ("“TCED"), We have also published our first dedicated
Sustainability Report, which sets out the Group's ESG progress
to date, vision and roadmap. The report covers our focus on
diversity and social responsibility, strong governance, and playing
our part in protecting the environment. The Board is fully supportive
of Alpha’s first public diversity target and its ambition to identity
and progress actions that foster inclusion and increase diversity
across the Group. The enhanced disclosures and our ESG strategy
provide us with the frameworks necessary for long-term
sustainable growth,

The Board is committed to engaging with shareholders and.
understanding their expectations. To this end, we were pleased
to have completed a consultation with investors regarding Aloha’s
FY 25 Remuneration Policy and have incorporated their
feedback accordingly.

Dividend

in view of the recornmended cash offer to acquire Alpha by
Actium Bidco (UK) Limited ("Bidco"), a newly incorporated indirect
subsidiary of certain funds managed by Bridgepoint Advisers
Limited (*Bridgepoint’), the Board is not recornmending a final
dividend. If the acquisition does not complete, it is expected that
the Board would deciare a final dividend in respect of FY 24

al a later date.

Outlook

Although some challenges in the market environment remain,
the Group saw an uptick in client wins and consultant utlisation
in the last quarter of FY 24, with utilisation levels maintained into
the start of FY 25. Long-term demand for our services remains
robust and is underpinned by ongoing structural drivers: growth
inassets under management and insurance policies, regulatory
demand, cost pressures, client and societal expectations and
technology breakthroughs

With a strong and high quailty sales pipeline, a compelling client
proposition, market-leading consuitants and clear strategic objectives,
the Board remains confident in the Group's prospects

Ken Fry
Charman

1D ESG “ators r9 once 13 and 4yoverrange matters anes etlonis

Annual Report & Accounts 202411

The power
of our people

g
Fy
a
a
3
2
Fy
3
§

Employee insight

Aipnas commusity and culture
are Dased on mutual respect for

our colleagues, thair knowledge,
experience and ambitions, and are
undarginned by an innate desire
esate successful outrcames far
aur clients.

booms

This means that we have a head start with teams who
enjoy collaborating and growing together, whilst delivering
exciting change to the industry. However, our cutture goes
far beyond just being a cohesive team. Alpha also fosiers
an environment which celebrates personal and Group
successes whilst untiringly providing the necessary
support fo promote persona! growth.

Despite growing at a phenomenal rate over the last years,
our leadership team nas protected the core pillars that
contribute to our ‘one-team’ structure, creating a sense

of shared responsbility in our own collective success,

as weil as our clients’ successes. We $08 this translating
into teams that are passionate about not only their own
work and achievaments but aiso colleagues and the wider
business, be that across geographies or business lines.

Our local management structures have individuals responsible
‘or initiatives that support all comers of our culture framework,
from our social Calendar and CSR initiatives, through to
our working environment. In my role as Culture tead on
the UK Management Committee, | work alongside our
designated People and Recruitment isads who are responsible
for key supporting espects, such as wellbeing and incision,
which helps create and sustain a multifaceted culture.

Caoimhe Munif
Culture Management Committee Lead.
Asset & Wealth Management Consulting UX

Ee read more about aur community and eutture
i the looking after our people section on p. 38

alphatme.com


===== page 15 =====
12 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

.

Chief Executive Officer's report

Luc Baqué
Chief Executive Officer

certorman
underly!

MESS MCU

tor anc Reh.

uitarts |

As previously reported, the Group saw increased competition
in FY 24 dus to overcapacity in the global consulting market.
Alpha navigated this pericd well, ending the year with consultant
utiisation at close to target levels. This resilient performance
reflects the strength of our business model and the expertise

of our people in addressing clients’ needs and challenges,

even during more uncertain periods,

While the sales cycle rernains longer as the supply and demand
dynamics continue to rebalance, the drivers for clients seeking
Aloha's services remain prevaient, which is evidenced by our
healthy global sales pipeline.

Despite the more challenging environment in FY 24, the strategic
growth pillars that underpin our ambition remain consistent:
further expansion in North America, the global scale-up and
zoll-out of Alpha’s propositions, including alternatives and
insurance consulting, and selective acquisitions.

The year in review

The Grou achieved modest growth in net fee income, reflecting
the resilience of the business model despite challenging market
conditions. Throughout the year, the Group actively managed its
cost base alongside utilisation and day rates, and continued to
build its pipeline of new business opportunities.

alphafme.com

Market demand levels were siower to recover than first anticipated.
and our actions to manage the business through this environment
included a limited number of redundancies to support affected
areas of the business. This was a very difficult decision, however
it was one that we felt was commensurate with the levels of
demand, and key to achieving more normal levels of utilisation
and profitability.

As market conditions continued te rebalance, consultant
utilisation rates improved through the final quarter, ending the year
at close to target levels albeit FY 24 margins remained lower than
historical levels overall. Gross profit was £78.3m (FY 23: £80.4m)
reflecting lower average consultant utllisation, while maintaining
consistent day rates and actively managing variable costs.

42monthsto 12 months to

31 March 31 March
2023 Change
Netfeeincome _
UK £91.2m £87.1m 4T%
North America £90.5m £914m (0.6%)
Europe & APAC £s1.9m £49.0m 6.1%
Year-end totals £233.6m £227.2m 2.8%
12 months to 12 months to
31 March 31 March
2024 2023 Change
Gross profit ee
UK £33.0m £35.0m (5.8%)
North America £28.3m £30.0m (6.6%)
Europe & APAC £15.4m 10.6%
Year-endtotals = £78.3m = £80.4m (2.6%)

The UK region, which continues to attract clients and maintains
a leading reputation, generated 4.7% organic net fee income
growth to £91.2m (FY 28; £871), The reduced gross profit
margin of 36.2% (FY 23: 40.2%) reflects lower average consultant
uttisation, partly offset by reduced variable costs and consistent
consultant day rates on the previous year, During the year, we
made selective hires a8 we Invested for current demand and
future growth. In addition to maintaining our graduate programme,
which is a source of future talent, we were pleased to make a
number of key director appointments. These included adding
three experienced directors to support Aloha UK's weaith sector
proposition, where we are working with many of the UK's top tier
wealth managers and private banks.

Alpha’s strategy includes rolling out its proposition to new clients
and locations. After the year end, Aloha has launched a branch in
‘Abu Dhabi, which is overseen by and wil initially form part of the
UK business. Abu Dhabi is an important financial centre, and this
branch provides access to an area that is growing and transforming
rapidly. We are delighted that our offering, including our investments
proposition and technology services, is already resonating well
and attracting demend.

North America net fee income was £90.$m (FY 23: £91.1m)
and 1p 3.8% on a constant currency basis. This resilient performance
in a competitive market environment follows mare than 50%
average annual organic growth in the previous three years


===== page 16 =====
Akey pillar of our growth strategy, we continued to invest in our
services and people in this very sizeabla market, broadening and
deepening our existing relationships and expanding our client base
We added 58 new clients in the region in FY 24, and at the year
‘eng the North America team had 357 consultants (FY 23: 942).
We are pleased that our proposition there, which now
encompasses three sectors (asset and wealth management.
alternatives and insurance), is resonating so well and we are
proud that Alpha has again ranked in “America’s Best Management
Consulting Firms” by Forbes and Statista, We remain confident in
the significant market opportunity of North America, which is over
eight" times the size of the UK.

Europe & APAC delivered net fee income growth of 6.1% to
£51.9m (FY 23: £49.01, of which 1.4% was organic. In line with
cur acquisition strategy, we welcorned Shoreline ta the Group at
the start of the year. With the integration complete, this boutique
asset and wealth management consultangy reinforces our
position in the APAG region. In Europe, we now have offices in
seven financial centres and we were delighted to have been
selected as a “#1 Consulting Firm’ in asset management in
France by Décideurs Magazine in the year. Across Europe &
APAC, we continue to see 2 very strong opportunity for Alpha's
combined proposition of management and technology consulting

Alpha has continued to make progress on its strategic growth
objectives, further cementing its position as a feading provider of
specialist consulting services within the financial services
industry. We have grown our global client base across the sectors
that we service, Our global model, expertise and the alignment of
‘our practices to our clients’ sectors and core functions have again
enabled us to deliver some ef the most complex, challenging and
defining projects in the industry.

Lionpoint, our alternatives consulting business, experienced
another year of steady growth as our expertise and capabilities
continue to resonate with private equity, credit, infrastructure, real
estate and fund of funds clients. Traditional asset managers also
continue to seek to expand their books of alternative investments,
which brings a need for technology investment and operating
model consolidation, Joint-offer opportunities between Lionpoint
and cur Asset & Wealth Management Consulting team therefore
represent a signiticant driver for future growth.

Insurance consuiting remains a strategic growth pillar for Alpha
and we were delighted fo complete on 2 goal to launch in the US
in FY 24, appointing two senior directors to spearhead orogress
in that region. Both individuals have extensive industry experience
and established networks, which we will leverage to establish the
brand. In Europe, Alpha’s insurance consulting business added
new clients, reinforced its capabilities and expanded its team of
deep sector experts,

#1 Consulting Firrn in asset
management in France,
Decideurs Magazine

“PDECIDEURS

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 13

We have continued to develop and align the Group's technology
consulting capabilties and solutions with our management consuiting
proposition for each sector: asset and wealth rnanagernent,
aiternatives and insurance, Our technology solutions and delivery
teams possess unrivalled knowledge and expertise in the technology
platforms and models utilised in those seotors, and we are delivenng
important strategic outcomes for our clients, focused on cost
reduction, management insights, automation and afficiency,

and scaie-up.

Acquisitions

We ware pleased to complete the acquisition of Shoreline in

May 2023 to consolidate our offering in the APAG region. Selective
acauisitions remain a strategic growth pillar for Alpha and we
continue to review potential acquisition opportunities. Outline
heads of terms have been agreed recently with two small bolt-on,
opportunities, which are currently subject to ongoing due diligence.

Financial performance summary

Group net fee income increased 2.8% to £233.6m (FY 23: £227.2m),
mainly organically and 4.8% on a constant currency basis.

Lower consultant utilisation and rising costs across a larger team.
partly offset by recuced variable costs, resuiled in reduced adiusted
EBITDA on the previous year of £42.2m (FY 23: £46.6rn) at an adjusted
EBITDA margin of 18.0% (FY 23; 20.5%). The Group deluered a sightly
improved margin in H2 compared to the first half as the market
continues to rebalance supply and demand dynamics

Adjusted profit before tax was £38.5m (FY 23: £44.0m), and
adjusted earnings per share (“EPS”) was 24.90p (FY 23: 29.27p}.

Ona statutory basis, revenue increased 3.0% to £235,5m (FY 23:
£228.7m), operating protit decreased to £25.1m (FY 23: £28.6rn)
and profit before tax was £22.6m (FY 23: £25.8m). Basic EPS
was 13.85p (FY 23: 15.82p).

The Group ends the period with Increased sales wins and a strong
pipeline of new dusiness opportunities. This resilient performance,
in the context of the competitive market conditions in FY 24,
demonstrates the strength of Alpha's business mode! and client
proposition. The Chief Financial Officer's report provides further
information about the financial performance of the last 12 months

Our people
As Alpha celebrated its 20" anniversary this financial year, we
take pride in our team and our achievements. Alpha started! life
a8 a Single sector consultaricy in the UK, The Group now includes
1,000 consultants, in addition to its business operations staf,
with offices in a number of locations across the globe.

In 2G years, one thing has remained consistent about Aipha’s
success: our people.

15 Thinking Angad Instikts ard Pensions & Insestrerts “The wild § latgost 509 asset nuaniagers” (Detter 20251

alphatme.com

g
Ff
3
S
3
2
F
3
3
3



===== page 17 =====
14 Annuai Report & Accounts 2024

Our people continued

Our clients recognise the quality of our people and their exclusive
sector-spacitic focus, It helps to define our groposition, but what
makes us stand oul as a market-leading consulting firm is our
global teams’ unrelenting attention to delivering projects to the
very highest standards. This has always been reflected in the high
lovels of repeat business and growth of our client base, and was
evidenced by over 30% of revenue in the year bsing generated by
existing clients. | arn proud of Alpha’s people every year, but this
year has been exceptional for its challenges and 1 am particularly
grateful for the focus on solving clients’ needs and delivery
excellence shown in this difficut market environment.

While we focus on identifying and attracting the right people to
Alpha, it is also important that we can retain, nurture and develop
‘the best consulting talent in tne market. We constantly strive to
ensure that we foster an inclusive and meritocratic culture that
offers opportunities for progression and success, aided by a rooust
support system. We were delighted to have heen nominated and to
have won a place in the Top 10 Best Large Companies to Work For
and as a Top 5 Consultancy to Work For by Best Companies, a
leading employee engagement speciaist in the UK.

While in the last 12 months we have approactied hiring selectively,
reflecting the wider market environment, we are pleased to have
grown our headcount of global consultants to 1,000 (FY 23: 994),
We made 15 director appointments, including both strategic
additions in alt our regions and internal promotions, underscoring
our ongoing investment in talent development and progression.

Asat As at

‘31 March 31 March
eee ORM 2028 Change

Consultant headcount

uk 385 304 (2.3%)
North America 387 342 44%
Europe&APAC 258 258 -
Year-end totals 4,000 994 0.6%

Sustainable growth

At Alpha, we are focused on building 2 platform for iong-term
sucess and delivering outstanding outcomes for all our stakeholders.
We nurture and safeguard a strong sustainability culture, which
for us means commitments to diversity and inclusion, community
impact werk and our actions to address climate change.

Top 10 Best Large Companies
to Werk For award

In the last year, we have continued to develop our ESG
frameworks and reporting disclosures. We recently published
‘our first dedicated Sustainability Report, which explains Aloha’s
position and objectives, and the governance we use lo apply
and monitor them. | encourage you to read it to understand
more about our focus on diversity and social responsibility,
strong governance, and the part we want to play in the
‘environment and combating climate change.

Diversity and inclusion is one of the mast important facus areas
for Alpha, now and as we grow the business. We can be a better
employer and a better gariner for our clients through the diversity
of perspectives that our peop'e bring, and we are on a journey to
improving the diversity of our teams globally. We were delighted
to announce our first pubiic diversity target this year, for 25% of
the global director team to be women or nonbinary in five years’ time.

We are also very excited about the progress being made in the
financial services sectors we operate in. We are proud that ESG
is at the heart of Alpha’s service offering and that we can support
clients in adopting relevant and meaningful approaches. We look
forward to sharing more about our developments and plans as
they progress.

Current trading and outlook

Despite some uncertainty and ongoing challenges as the supply
and demand dynamics in the global consulting market continue
to rebalance, client demand remains robust, and consultant
utilisation has improved through the last quarter of FY 24 and was
maintained into the early part of FY 25. While further improvement
in utilisation is required in certain areas of the business through
FY 25, we enter the year with a strong new business cppartunity
pipeline, higher sales win fevels and a healthy net cash position.

The long-term structural drivers of demand including growth in
assets and insurance policies, regulatory demang, cost pressures,
client and societal expectations, and technology breakthroughs
continue to present significant growth opportunities for us.

We have continued to invest in our people, recognising their
importance in our future growth. The trust and relationships that
our people cultivate with our clients provide significant cross- and
joint-selling opportunities between our sector-focused services.
Our people anc cient relationships are comerstones of our
business model and organic growth ambitions.

We also continue to see and respond to the strategic growth
drivers of North America and addressing the market opportunity
in the newer sectors of insurance and alternatives. Our selective
investments in people, the service proposition and our business,
model, make us well placed to capitalise on improving

market conditions.

With the structural drivers of demand remaining in plase, our
market-leading consultants, and our highly compelling client
proposition, we are well positioned for the future and remain
focused on our ambition to double the business again by 2028”.

Luc Baqué
Chief Executive Officer

12 The statement that tha Alpha Group's growth plan has an amb tion to double the s:z¢ of 4s business by 2028 1s asprational only and should net be construed as a prot forecast within
the meaning of the Takeover Cade, Thera can be no certainty that Agha will achieve #8 ambition, which is subject (o various assumptions, nsks and Lincertainties that coule cause

Alpha's growth to differ materially rom its expressed ambition

aiphaime.com


===== page 18 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 202415.

How is the competitive environment
impacting your utilisation?

The global consulting market has experienced a more competitive
environment during FY 24 and this has resulted in a longer sales cycle
and, consequently, utilisation levels wers impacted. We were pleased
tobe able to maintain consistent consultant day rates during FY 24,
which continue to hold steady into FY 25, This reflects the quality

of our service offering and our specialism in financiat markets
sectors, where we can add significant value to our clients. We believe
that consultant utlisation will be more straightforward to recover in
due course, as we have begun to sae in Q4.

Why has Alpha continued to hire
during this period?

Whilst we have slightly increased our overall headcount, FY 24
growth was more modest than in previous years, We have been
very selective in the appointments, focusing on future
development in line with our strategy. For example, we hired two
very experienced directors to establish our Insurance Consulting
business in North America and have grown cur Lionpoint team as
we continue to build up the alternative investments proposition.
Alpha is also committed to developing and fostering early talent,
offering a competitive graduate scheme, and we welcomed a
further graduate intake in the period. In all these cases, we see
these appointments as cautious but appropriate steps to
harnessing significant potential growth over the coming years.

Can you tell us about your new business
pipeline and the sales cycte?

We expect longer sales cycles to remain a feature in the shorter-
term as clients strive to bafance their costs with their immediate
and ‘ong-term priorities. However, there are signs of improvernent
and Alpha is weil placed for that recovery. Our sales pipeline
indicates robust demand ‘or our services, with ever-greater
colaboration between management and technoiagy consulting
presenting a strang opportunity for the combined go-to-market
approach and cross-sell, We are excited about the global nature
ot our pipeline, which includes a strong mix in sectors and
practice areas, including significant multi-year programmes of
work. We have already seen some more positive market
sentiment at the start of the current financial year, with a good
level of new business wins.

How do you feel about your
2028 ambitions?

We remain focused on our ambition to doubie net fee income
again by 2028, which has been our goal since we announced it
in March 2023. Our priority is to achieve this while maintaining a
record of profitable growth. We have been taking action to protect
our margins and profits in the current environment, alongside a
strong focus on business development, and we believe that these
market conditions will be a short term feature. Underpinning these
are the key pilars of our strategy: scaling up and broadening our
sectorfecused proposition; enhancing and diversifying our offering in
geographical markets, such as in the significant North America
market; and making selective acquisitions,

g
g
g
é
3s
2
2
3
3
a



===== page 19 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024

egic Report

Business model

We draw on the
market-leading
expenence, knowledge
and highest dolivery
standards of aur people

We cultivate strong,
long-term <elationships
with clients, leading te
mngh levels of repeat
business and

Our resources

Industry
| networks

We mamntain close
contacts with vendors,
Industry bodies,
regulatory authoritias and
competitors to inform our

Expertise

meaning we are fully *
focused on éach of the

Flaatictal:
strength

Our consuitants We are a consistently
specialise exclusively in profitable and
particu'er sectors, ‘cash-generative

Group with the financial
resources to invest in

to solve our clients’
problems and meet
ther objectives

‘opportunities to
cross-sell multiple
service offerings

Ablity 10 identily, altract and retain the
best taient.

~ Astrong culture that fosters excellence,
collaboration and ethical conduct,
A focused, specialist proposition for the asset
and wealth managament, alternatives and
insurance sectors.

understanding of the
markets in which we
operate anc support our
work for clients.

the market.

Our competitive advantages

Ability to apply best practice, differentiating
intellectual property and data, technology
solutions and market-leading knowledge
developed over 20 years

A multi-boutique structure with an extremely
solid crogs-selling framework and culture
of collaboration.

How value is shared

Glient segments we
address. We offer insight,
methodologies and

thought leadership based
‘on our leading position in

VW

‘expanding our activities
globally and to new client
types and consulting areas,

Continuaus development of the proposition
to anticipate client needs.

An emphasis on providing the highest quality
of service and, wherever possible, excaeding
clionts' expectations

Clients

We help asset and wealth
managers, insurance
companies, private market
fems, service providers,
platforms, intermedianes,
technology partners and a
range of other buy-side
firms solve their most
pressing strategic,
problems and become
more suceesstul.

146

alphatme.com

Shareholders

We deter long-term
capital appreciation for our
investors through share
price growth and regular
alvideng payments,
supported by the Group's
continued growth. We
preserve the value of their
investment by managing
Fisks appropriately

154.9%

Our people

We anatis our people to.
develop their akilis and
their careers by working on
high-impact projects with
the leading companies in
their specialist area. We
offer a meritocratic and
enjoyable corporate culture:
alongside incentive
schemes, training and
support to facilitate
individual development

ang progression.

50%+

YOPAI TOPICA LEAS OLED
Z Community. g Environment

& "ve promete ethical conduct g ‘We prioritise evaluating our
J anda comorate culture that g impact on the environment
% Gives back tothe wider, . Z by understanding cur-

J comminity and values g erirgy usage and our

% diversity andinctusionin . J carbon footprint. Wo wil
 itsbroodest sense. We. J contribute tots protection
Z contribute by supporing | % by seaking to reduce

9 charitable initiatives. g greenhouse gas emissions
4 including our Charity of % wherever possible and.
F the Year programma, and J continuing to offset those
g region-specific volunteering. that we cannat reduce.

% and mentoring. g :

3 Bon

5 . : g oe

g 4 9, :

4 £100,000+ 7 100%


===== page 20 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 17

How we create value

g
Fy
3
é
3
2
a
3
8
3

Platform for growth

digne

Coneuling nett Ssosraehy

Management Philosophy

ST ge

=z i Sest experts = i

Strategy in action

2 3

Roll out
Make selective

the client
proposition
globally

Global operations model

Finance Business management T operations Risk
and change
tegal and Human resources Recruitment Responsible business

corporate affairs

alphatme,com


===== page 21 =====
2 Slur. 73

Joe Morant
Global Head of Asset & Wealth Stuart McNulty
Management Consutting Global Head of Insurance Consulting

_ Lee Griggs
— 7 Global Head of Aivia

Nick Fienberg
Gtobal Head of Lionpaint

alphatme.com


===== page 22 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 19

Long-term structural drivers shaping our financial services clients in asset
and wealth management, alternatives and insurance:

1. Growth in AUM and GWP

Be Global ALIM GAGA 2018 to 2024 expsctodt to continue
E894 fonecadiod CAGR in global insuiance market

Alpha's clients have faced challenging macro conditions in tne
last two years, including high interest rates and inflation, which
have not been as transitory as expected, alongside a return of
market volatility, Despite these hurdles, the underlying drivers
for growth persist, Assets under management have continued
to grow globally, with a five-year compound annual growth rate
(°CAGR’) of 6% with net flows remaining positive. We would
expact these trends to continue.

Impact and scale j

Against this backdrop, investment firms are actively pursuing
diversification. Assel managers are broadening their investment
strategies based on market demand, developing strategies in
alternatives, sustainable products ang, particularly in the US,
active ETFS, Private equity, alternative cred, infrastructure and
real estate are experiencing sustained growth in this regard. and
assets under management for this section of the market have
continued to grow globally with a 5-year CAGH of 11°". This
strategy allows firms to provide more comprehensive solutions
and diversification to both institutional and retail investors, as
regulations evolve for the latter in illiquid asset classes.

For insurers gross written premium ("GWP") projections
continue to grow driven in part by higher rates and a growing
global middle class. Consequently we are seeing a particular
focus from our clients on how to increase their share of GWP.

with growth projected to continue in the Group's core client
markets, the demand tor cansuiting services is anticipated to
grow over the long term. This favourable market outlook provides
robust underlying prospects for Alpha’s businesses globally.

Alpha’s response

Alpha has an excellent record of anticipating and addressing
client demand and evolving needs while enhancing its competitive,
advantages. This includes deepening and broadening its
sector-specitic expertise, leveraging established delivery
frameworks, strengthening technology transformation
capabilities, and providing industry insights across the asset
and wealth management, alternatives and insurance sectors.

13 Broscriaga Global Marker Intaiigence Dats 20:
16 Allianz “Negara grain ang cha lenges in a ropicty
ar ging worl May 2024)

Ye The TRADE, “vat a thiea of asset managers ae
‘orenegstare feeg umn venders 1s loner

2. Cost pressures and MEA

Over 1 in 3 aeset managers are planningto

F renégotidte feds with vendiors.to:lower costs'>

219% increaceiin the value of MRA aothity in at mea :
Be compared fo. ‘OT gaze:

An increased cost base from inflation ang higher rates coupled
with margin pressures from lower-cost products and increased
regulation have caused a deterioration in cost-income ratios
Consequently, clients are ooking at how to improve profitability.

Firms continue to pull classic cast levers to address this,
including process optimisation, global enterprise technology
solutions, spans of control, outsourcing, and re-tendering.
Our clients follow similar guiding principles when transforming
their cost base: to ensure any cost-cutting does not oaralyse
growth, to identify and implement quick wins early, and to
balance traditional cast-saving measures with the nuances

of their retevant sectors.

There is a ranewed focus on sales enablement and data driven
decision making te improve competitiveness while seeking to
manage costs, which is often underpinned by technological change.

We also expect an increase in M&A, joint venture or alliance
activity as well-capitalised cornpaniss look to expand globally
into new capabilities and emerging markets but with less of a
drive to realise cost synergies via acquisition

‘We anticipate increases in this type of activity as interest rates begin
to normalise, and pressure mounts to put committed capital to work.
‘We have already seen a big uptick in activity from our private equity
clients from the second half of FY 23, particularly in the wealth
segment across technology, platforms and financial advisers.

Alpha has built a reputation among clients as a market-leading
spscialist consultancy to support projects that address structural
cost crivers in their business. We recognise the nuances of our
sector, and that banchmarks are an input, not the answer.

Our approach is valued because we not only advise on “what”
the targets should be but “row” to achieve ther.

We support clients in identifying long-term growth opportunities
insteed of short-term ramedies, recognising that cost review
exercises cannot paralyse growth,

Through our sector specific offerings, we support different
clients in considering ang reconfiguring operating models and
addressing cast structures across their organisations.

Our M&A proposition helps chents identify, evaluate, and execute
acquisitions to assist them in realising their strategic goals. Clear
valuation creation planning wil become ever more important for

portfolio companies, an area in which our industry experts assist
our clients.

15 Ratan Ranker Intemational, MRA y feanea, Ser
aecreased m1 2024" (May 2924

alphatms.com

2
ry
s
g
s
z
a
3
3
=



===== page 23 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024

3. Ongoing regulatory change

2
z
2

£

$10.5b0 ot reguiatory fines were imposed by authorities
3 yancial services firms if 2023".

Global regulators continue to focus on the outcomes customers.
are receiving from products and services, There is also an
increased focus on resiliency driven by market volatility and
geopolitical risk. A growing number of technology-focused
regulations ars looking at technological advances, Al and data
security which must be adhered to without hampering
competitive edge.

Impact and scale Statistic

in addition, global rule sets are becoming more complex. Clients
with a global footprint face the challenge of ensuring consistency
in their approach to diverse regulatory regimes actos jurisdictions.

Alarge and evelving agenda of regulatory change puts pressure
an all parts of our clients’ pusinesses te ensure compliance.
Heads of Fisk and Compliance need to ensure that their teams”
skilisets keep pace with the complexity of the regulations
surrounding ESG, cyber, financial, and operational resilience.

‘The need for faster and better data to evidence compliance
remains a longer-term priority. Regulators continue to fallow
amore dateled supervisory approach and increase their
expectations of firms’ capabilties. The challenge of regulatory
divergence and differing rules across multi-jurisdictional
Lusiness mociels remains a kay focus area.

Alpha supports some of the world’s leading asset and wealth
managers, alternatives investment managers and insurers in
developing their compliance, operational resilience, and risk
management frameworks.

Alpha's response

Alpha’s Regulatory Risk & Compliance practice covers most
financial hubs. It comprises a team of seasoned ex-regulators,
practitioners, and experienced consultants whe know how
global regulators think and what they expect.

Alpha can therefore bring leading regulatory expertise

and market best practices to transform how ourr clients
nandle regulatory compliance and risk. We focus on efficient
regulatory change implementation and supporting our clients
to future-procf with adaptive compliance and proactive risk
management frameworks.

The team also works closely with Alpha’s ESG & Responsible
investment practice. Alpha’s technology and data teams to
combine knowledge and expertise in addressing complex
regulatory challenges and obligations and making the necessary
undates to operating modeis and data governance.

4, Digital transformation and
technology breakthroughs

73% of asset and Wealth management ‘service providers
belieus generative. Ai wilt positively impact business-in the:
Rest 12 te 18 monibe'®

Technology transformation remains a core priority for our
clients. Margin pressure, regulatory compliance and increased
competition ave all leading to investment in technology. There
has also been significant advancement in the technologies
themselves such as cloud-enabled integration and Al

Mush focus on technology innovation picks up on the idea of
getting close; to clients, for example via hyper personalisation,
and Alpha's clients are looking at how they can get closer to the
customer relationship via technology, data and digital servicing.

For alternative investment managers, we continue to see growth
across all asset classes, particularly alternative credit. We have
also seen increasing retail apoetite for access to alternatives.
which comes with regulatory scrutiny. These asset classes
require best-of-breed technologies underpinned by robust

and transparent data models and architectures.

Our management and technology consulting services offer
complete solutions for clients looking to optimise their operations
and processes while investing in efficient technology solutions.

Alpha's sector-focused consultants, including our specialist
offering for alternative investment managers, enables clients to
receive highly relevant advice and implementation approaches
across technology, data anc digital challenges and opportunities.

We continue to scale up and gicbalise other relevant practices, such
as data and cloud services in our Technology Consulting business.
We are also expanding our data science orcposition te make data
and analytics an essential business too! in delivering operational
efficiency gains and supporting strategic decision making.

Alongside our consutting offering that encompasses analysis,
solutions definition and impiementation, Alpha’s Aivig business
offers a data-driven software platform for asset managers. The
core AUM and flows product addresses the need for investment
managers to make informed decisions powered by data.

As Al continues to evolve and present new opportunities and
challenges to our industry, Aigha’s Al specialists help clients
grapple with how best to depioy this technology, and forma
comprehensive Al strategy. We are also seeing increased
demand for Al implementation, often linked to a foous on cost.

18 HFS, “HFS Horizons: The Bast Service Prowders for Asset aug Wealth Management, 2024" Uanuary 20242
19 Interratisnal Assocration of Credit Partfol Managers, "How Financial Services Fumes Ars Wrestling vith EGG" (May 2023)

alphatme.com


===== page 24 =====
ESG continues to evolve from a commercial priority to a regulatory

5. ESG and societal expectations

98% of financial semices fimne expect more'intiuerice fron
reguiators to incraase ESG aotivities!®:

necessity. Sustainability and responsible investment teams have
been under intense and protonged pressure as they support their
firms’ compliance efforts with sustainability-related regulation and
adidress emerging anti-ESG sentiment in some regions.

Looking forward, we will see continued focus on meeting
ESG-related regulation and increased attention on existing
and emerging sustainability themes, inctudiing climate, natural
capital, social factors, and doubie materiality - considering an
investment’s ESG impacts on the world and the financial
materiality of ESG factors. The effective intagration of ESG
datasets creates a new challenge for technology and data
operating models.

Akay priarity for Heads of Sustainability and Responsible
Investments will be using their teams to the best effect and
positioning their aftorts as a strategic ariver of value tor their firm.
Differentiating their sustainability vaiue proposition trom peers will
be a particular challenge whilst they drive deeper ESG integration
into the investment process.

Our ESG & Responsible Investment team has unrivalled
experience and market insight to help clients define and embed
their chosen ESG approach and operating model, Our extensive
expertise in sustainability regulation enabies us to support them
in their journeys to Understanding and responding to regulations
such as TCFD, SDR and now CSRD,

We work in multiple geagraphies to deliver projects across public
and private assets for asset managers, asset! owners, and wealth
and insurance clients,

ur consulting work in this area remains complementary to
Alpna’s core consulting capabilities, which mclude work on
product, regulations, data and technology scalability, and
client engagement.

in response to clent demand, we are also helping organisations
in areas such as sustainability risk and greenwasning. These
capabilities underpin aur core strategic offering of supporting
clients in defining their ESG and responsible nvastmant vision.
strategy, and roadmap with market-leading assessments and
peer insights.

Annuai Report & Accounts 2024 a

The power
of our people

As Mead of &
Management fo
North Armerca,
Semaortict
ce Nerty Amering

ulting in
rowth

Alpha's core offerings to investment managers and
ingurers are highly differentiated and we are well placed
to accelerate our growth in the largest single-market

in the workd,

In asset management, we see huge opportunities to
expand our coverage of the hundreds of "boutique"
($10-100bn AUM) managers in the United States.

The Canadian market also offers amazing growth
opportunities particularly with the large public pension
funds. We are growing our footprint with asset owners
and insurance-owned managers across the region.
Weaith management has the potential to be as large
as asset management for Alpha, and we are investing to
take advantage of the enormous opportunities for growth
that we see in this segment.

Trends in the market are creating new opportunities for us
te service our clients, We are uniquely well placed to help
asset rnanagers and alternatives managers capitalise on
the continued growth in private markets. We are holging
clients to navigate margin pressure with cost optimisation
programmes. And the growth of new products such as
direct-indexing and retail SMAs in the United States have
clients seeking Alpha's advice given our unique vantage
point and expertise across the value-chain

We continue to grow our technology consulting
capabilities across all our segments in North America
and are seeing growing demand for our unique brand
of high-quality technology consulting backed by
industry-leading, business-focused expertise.

We see enormous potential for continued growth in the
vast and dynamic North America market,

Mike Burns
head of Assot & Weaith Manage
Consutting North Amer:

alphatme.com

g
a
A
&
3
?
3
H
5



===== page 25 =====
22 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

eee etahcecieg

Strategy

To comtinue to develop and succeer
as aieading consulting services
group, our strategy for growth
includes the following objectives.

PO te seas Nae

[EJ Read more about our strategy in the
Chief Executive's report on p. 12

“hein ere ag ern oo

Key progress in FY 24

Scate up and broaden the - Constant headcount of 1,000 at 31 March 2024, up from
Group's client proposition by asi :

— Investing selectively in the foundations for future growth,
adding services and consulting including eight new directors in important practice and sector

activities that together present offerings: Operations. Wealth and Alternatives.

a differentiated and more Further develooment and alignment of technology consulting
comprehensive offering ecross sector teams to enhance our market-facing structure.
Continued to expand the alternatives capability across

management congulting and technology consulting through
the Lionpoint team.

Roll out the client proposition — Continued to rolt out Alpha’s consulting proposition and
activities globally, including the launch of the Insurance

globally and progress Consulting team in North America.

oppor iti

pportunities to grow further — Regional leads in place for the Group's key service areas
within our markets covering all sectors to oversee delivery excellence, oross-selling
and further growth across regions

Continued to identify and progress opportunities in global
markets, adding 146 new clients and growing market share.

— Growth of director headcount by 15 to 116 at 31 March 2024,
including two new directors in the newly launched North
America Insurance Consulting team and senicr appointments
to the Wealth Management segment in the UK.

— Acquired and integrated the Shoreline business with Alpna’s.
Asset & Wealth Management Consulting team and offering
in APAC.

3 Make selective acquisitions

alphafmc.com


===== page 26 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024

re coacgm s

Areas of focus

Continue to evaluate and respond to market demands for
new products and services, as well as add new propasitions
that will attract new clients and enable the sale of additional
services to existing clients.

‘Continue to fecus on enhancing cross-selling opportunities
through a collaborative approach across all business teams
and sectors,

Continue to despen and extend the Group's insurance,
technology and alternatives capabilities, alongside providing
dedicated software solutions to the asset management
sector through the Aiviq business.

Continue to attract and appoint experienced directors in line
with demand, as well as grow our own talent to support and
grow the Group's client proposition further.

Roll out the Group's existing business practices and
complementary offerings progressively across all regions.

Cantinue to establish new branch in Abu Dhabi, launched
after the year end, ensuring Alpha’s value proposition is
accessibie to ckents focally and in the wider region.

Continued focus in North America where there is stil significant
opportunity to gain further market share through the ongoing
development and roll-out of the Group's service offering.

Continue to buiid out consulting in insurance, technology and
alternatives capabilities globally, as well as launch into naw
markets where there is demand,

Alpha continues to review acquisitions that can complement
organic growth and maintains a healthy acquisition pipeline.

The power

of our people
The best
expertise

programme sirius
assemble beapok
te ensures tha most
halenc ig mo the room with the
slient Fram the outset s
throughout the dative. ¥
of angagements,

Getting to know the client, and understanding their asset
class-specific requirements is at the core of our offering,
leveraging specialist expertise to guarantee @ combination
of asking the right questions, providing impactful answers,
and executing on a Client's strategic direction.

As part of the Lionpoint tearm, | service the alternatives
investment client sector. Throughout the lifecycle of a
programme, the experts working on it may evo've, pivoting
as required to the direction of the client’s ultimate goal.
Our strength is in the breadth of soecialists we have to
deploy across our client base and their varying challenges.
This has been enabled through recruiting at an experienced
level from three core areas:

1. Industry - coming from investment firms, from the
Front to Back Offices, bringing knowledge of spacific
processes and commen pain points.

2. Technology vendors - to compisment the
technology advisory capabilities, this ensures we
have the latest metnodolagies to hand on targeting
implementation efficiencies

3. Management consulting - ensuring a fundamental,
core base of quailty delivery and transformation
experience across all our projects.

These different professional backgrounds help build a rich
blend of experience, knowledge, and delivery techniques
‘Once people are onboarded, Alpha nurtures an erwironment
Jn which all members of teams are encouraged to share
the'r expertise and learning internally, and to support the
further development of our knowledge base, people and
methodologies. Cross-team collaboration therefore ipecornes
the key way of working, often unearthing previously unseen
opportunities for our clients, and further enabiing organic
growth of our expertise firm wide.

Louis de Watteville
Senior Manager. Lionpomt UK

alphafme.com

g
Ff
3
g
a
z
2
3
3
a



===== page 27 =====
24 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Ser ateg Hepeurt
Key performance indicators

The Board has defmed the followieg ¥ey performance indicators CKPIs7)

These KPis link te the Groug's growth strategy ind are used to monitor
the Group's income statement and performance.
are dignussed furthe ve! Firannial OF ric
anpe 26 30 which Sheategic Rapare
Revenue
om res

‘The revenue KPI measures how well the Group Freo

has expanded its business through organic and Fy21
inorganic growth,

"9 3 FY 20

FY 19

FY 1B

Net fee income”?

£233.6m =:

Net fee income is revenue before incidental Fee

expenses and is used as an alternative KPI to FY21
indicate the underlying productive operating

performance of the Group. FY2o

FY 1g

FY 1B

Gross profit

£78.3m re

This KPI helps to measure the profitability of the Free
Group and the success of the business model. Fy2t
Fy20
FY 19
FY 18

20 ler to the Chief Financial Officer's report and to note 4 of the consolidated financial statements for further information on the adjusted perforinance measures net ree wcome,
adjustec EBITDA ang adjusted cash generated trom operaniens.

alphatme.com


===== page 28 =====
Annuaf Report & Accounts 2024 25

g
3
s
é
3
z
3
3
3

Adjusted EBITDA

£42.2m ES

Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, Fv 22

amortisation and adjusting items is a measure Fy21
of the underlying profitability of the Group.

FY 20
rs
v8

Adjusted cash generated

from operations eves

£23.6m "2

Adjusted cash generated trom operations reflects FY 21
the Group’s underlying operating cash flows.

excluding the impact of adjusting tems Fyeo
Fy 19
FY 16

Headcount

1 0 0 8) he
Fv 28

9

Fy20

‘The year-end headcount KP! measures the growth
‘n the Group's fee-generating consultants globally. FY 2t

FY 20
Fy I9

FY's

alphatme.com.


===== page 29 =====
26 Annuat Report & Accounts 2024

ma

miccme

\ grawts

John Paton
Chief Financial Officer

IFRS and alternative performance measures
("APMs”)

Arange of results metrics are Set out to demonstrate the Group's.
performancs. These include measures presented on a statutory
basis in accordance with international accounting standards
IFRS”) and APMs, which are provided to allow further
understanding of the underlying performance of he Group across
financial periods, The difference between IFRS and APMs arises
frorn the adjusting items, as set out in detail in note 4 to the
consolidated financial statements. The APMs presented are not
considered superior to RS measures; these should 08 considered
together for a full understanding of the performance of the Group.
Whilst the Group's APMs may not be comparable across cther
companies, they have been presented consistently over time to
provide meaningful trend information, and there is only limited
change to their composition and definition in FY 24,

The exclusion of adjusting items in the Group's APMs may result in
adjusted profitability being materially higher when compared with
the nearest equivalent statutory measures. The Board uses
adjusted profit measures to assess the performance of the Group
because it considers these measures aid understanding of the
underlying profitability of the business and allow for comparability
between periods. Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements
sets out further detatis of Alona’s APMs and a full reconciliation to
the relevant statutory measures. Thase adjusting items decreased
in the year, primarily reflecting a reduced earn-out and deferred
consideration expense and a lower share-based payment charge,
partially offset by some restructuring costs this year,

alphatme.com

rab

As noted above, the Group's share-based payment charge and
related social security taxes are excluded from adjusted profit
measures. This allows for better comparability between periods
given the comptexity of the assumptions underlying the calculation
and the multi-year effect of mid-cycle changes to certain
assumptions being adjusted for on a cumulative basis, sometimes
resulting in material fiuctuations in the charge between periods that
aré not reflective of the underlying operational performance of the
business. The charge and related social security taxes are also
subject to external factors, such as the Group's share price, over
which the Directors*' have less day-to-day influence compared to
other more directly controllable factors. This approach has been
applied consistently across reporting periods,

The Group will continue fo assess the stalus of this charge as an
adjusting item in the Group's financial statements, considering the
development of the charge, the Group and its remuneration policies.
If 20 adjustment was made for the share-based payment charge,
adjusted EBITDA for the year would be £34.8m {FY 23: £38.6m)
and adjusted EBITDA margin would be 14.9% (FY 23: 17.0%), Note
22 to the consolidated financial statements sets out further details of
the employee share-based payment expense calculation under IFRS 2.


===== page 30 =====
Revenue
Net fee income

Gross profit

Operating profit
Adjusted EBITOA
Adjusted EBITDA margin
Adjusted profit before tax
Profit before tax
Adjusted EPS

Adjusted diluted EPS
Basic EPS

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 27

12 months to 12 months to
31 March (31 March

2024 2028 Change

9206.6m 22287m ~~ 3.0%

£233.6m f2272m 28%

£78.3m £80.4m 2.6%)

£26.1m £28.6m (12.4%)

£42.2m £46.6m (9.5%)

18.0% 20.5% (250 bps)

£38.5m £44.0m (12.5%)

£22.6m £26.8m 12.496)

24.90p 29.27p 14.9%)

23.34p 2737p 14.7%)

13.85p 15.82p 02.5%)

Group results

Group performance has been resilient this year, navigating a more
challenging and competitive market backdrop.

Revenue

In a more competitive market environment, the Group performed
rasiiiently this year with net fee income up by 2.8% compared

to the fast financial year, and 4.8% on a constant currency basis,
mostly organically. Revenue also graw 3.0%, including increased
rechargeable expenses, compared to last year.

Overall, the Group's revenue and net fee income growth refieots
ongoing client demand across a slightly larger global consuiting
team on average, set against the more competitive environment
and longer sales cycles generally. We were pieased to maintain
consistent consultant day rates overall, albeit at lower than target
average consuitant utilisation, particularly during the first half
summer months. All our geographic regions deliverad net fee
income growth cn a constant currency basis in the year, with

an inorganic centripution from the acquisition of Shoreline,

The Group's largest geographic region, the UK, delivered good
4.7% organic net fee income growth on fast year, Wa continued
19 see robust client demand in our established practices, retaining
Our market-leading reputation and supporting some of the highest
profile projects. This included substantial contributions from our
asset and wealth management capabilities in Investments, Operations
and Client 8 Digital, and UK Alternatives Consulting also delivering
strongly, growing their headcount by over 20% to 78.

Avvig named in the
“WealthTech Top 100" (2023) TECH

2023

Our newer UK insurance consulting team consolidated its position
this year after strong growth in recent years. The UK ended the
year with total headcount of 385. down gin the year including a
small recent restructuring process given UK market conditions,
Overall UK consultant utilisation ended the year below target
utilisation ievels, firming closer to target lavels through the first
quarter of FY 25,

Within the UK results, while Aipha's Data and Product Solutions
‘ousiness, Aivig, delivered flat revenue against last year, it also
recently secured a major, new top-ten globe! asset management
client, underscoring the market-leading Aivig technology offering,
We are delighted that Aivia's proposition has been endorsed in
this way alongside recognition from a Finfech Global Wealth Tech
“Top 100" award in the year.

In North America, alter almost doubling its top line in the previous year,
FY 24 saw a flatter profile with net fee income growing 3.8% on a
constant currency basis and easing 0.6% on a reported basis,
‘Our Akerative Investments Consulting business, Lionpoint, continued
to trade well enjoying strong client demand and adding 47 new
clients in the region, The North America ousiness expanded its
domestic client base, as well as successfully capturing client
demand through a number of cross-selling opportunities with its
existing olients, although it experienced some fee rate compression
‘during the year. In fine with the Group's selective approach te hiring
in FY 24, neadcount in North Amarica increased by 15 consultants
overall, Including investing in the launch of our insurance Consulting
offering in North: America with two senior tear hires. North Amenca
witnessed the tougher market conditions earlier than the rest of
the Group and has started FY 25 with the team well deployed.
growing consultant numbers and a strong pipeline of interesting
project opportunities,

2 Dieere-s” refers wine executive an aan-enecutiee cremoers of the Board maarnarile “tractors! relers to ven-Bicard recurs suntan the: management Ieeens ofthe Group.

aiphafme.com

g
Fi
=
2
a
Fy
3
3
3



===== page 31 =====
28 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Stran Pare

Revenue caniinued

Europe & APAC delivered the strongest regional growth in FY 24,
with net fee income increasing by 6.9% on a constant currency
basis and 6.1% overall. Organic net fee income growth was 1.4%,
with some rates progression in Europe, plus the acquisition of
Shoreline in APAC. Europe & APAC headcount remained flat overal,
in line with the Group’s selective hiring approach. The Europe &
APAG region has started FY 26 well, with goad utlisation being
enjoyed across all teams.

Given the more challenging market conditions prevalent this
year, the Group adopted 2 selective hiring approach, focused
on growth areas, and the number of consultants reached 1,000
by the year end (FY 23: 994). Despite a selective approach to
recruitment we remained committed to our well-established
graduate programme, the future talent of the Group, welcoming
a number of graduates through the year globally

Group profitability

Group gross profit was £78.3m, £2.1m lower than the prior year
(FY 23; £80.4m), Gross profit margin was 33.5% (FY 23: 35.4%),
and consistent with H1. This primarily reflects reduced average
consuttant utilisation in the competitive market environment,
alongside consistent day rates on average and increased costs
from selective investment in growing our team while maintaining

a competitive remuneration package, partly offset by active
management of variable costs given performance. Utilisation
levels were most affected through the second quarter's summer
months, ticking up through H2, and reaching close to target levels
of 70% to 75% on average globally towards the year end.

The UK business generated £2.0m less gross profit than last year,
al 36.2% gross margin (FY 23: 40.2%), reflecting ‘ower consultant
utilisation levels than target and the previcus year, particularly in
the insurance consulting and asset & wealth management teams,
alongside consistent day rates, North America's gross profit is
also lower than last year by £1.7m, generating 31.3% margin

(FY 23: 32.9%), reflecting good levels of average consultant
utilisation, some day rate compression in the region given the
competitive market, and a higher cost base accompanying

North America team growth. This includes the establishment

of an insurance consulting team in the region during the year.
Europe & APAC grew gross profit to £17.0m (FY 23: £15.4mi),

with an improved margin of 32.7% (FY 23: 31.4%) reflecting good
average consultant day rate progression in Eurcge, partly offset
oy an easing in utilisation, particularly in APAC. The North America
gross margin saw the greatest currency headwind in the Group,
On a constant currency basis, North America’s gross margin
would be broadly fiat with the prior year.

Adjusted administration expanses, as detailed in note 4,
increased by £2.3m to £36.1m in the year (FY 23: £33.87).

This increase mainly reflects investment in the Group's central
team in the second half of the prier year and increased overall
soend supporting the larger average consultant headcount base
including further office space and {T licences, partially offset by
lower recruitment spend in the year.

atphatme.com

Including the adjusting items, which decreased against the
prior year, administration expenses increased overali to £53.2m.
(FY 23: £51.7m) on a statutory basis. The adjusting items, set
out in note 4, decreased in the year to £14.3m (FY 23: £15.8m),
reflecting decreased eam-out and deferred consideration
charges, share-based payment charges and intangible asset
amortisation, partially offset by recundaney-relatec restructuring
costs in the year.

The lower earn-out and deferred consideration charge of £t.1m
(FY 23: £2.51}, reflects payments in the year and last year's net
fair value increase in acquisition liabilities held, Further details on
the earn-out and deferred consideration charges are set out in
note 13. The share-based payment charge also reduced to £7.3m
(FY 23: £8.0m), having updated the input assumptions to reflect
FY 24's lower performance, Alpha's lower share price and share
option vests in the period. Furthar details of the share-based
payment charge and sensitivity analysis are set out in notes 4
and 22

This year, the Group incurred £0.91 of restructuring costs,
relating to the exit fees and costs involved in a smat UK
redundancy process. Acquisition and integration costs were
£0.3m (FY 23; £0.3m) as the Shoreline team was successfully
integrated into the Group during the first half. The acquired
intangibles amortisation charge decreased against the prior year,
reflecting some fully amortised intangibles, partly offset by the
newly acquired Shoreiing intangibles. Further detail af these
adjusting tems is set out in note 4.

The depreciation charge grew to £2.8m (FY 23: £1.9m), reflecting
increased depreciation on a higher lease right-of-use asset. The
amortisation of capitalised development costs was nil (FY 23: £0.2m)
as the assel became [ully ammortised in the prior year.

Adjusted EBITDA was £42.2m (FY 23: £46.6m) and adjusted
EBITDA margin was 18.0% (FY 23: 20.5%), reflecting both the
lower gross profit and the higher adjusted administration
expenses. if no adjustnent was made for the share-based
payment charge, adjusted EBITDA for the period would be
£34.8m (FY 23: £38.6m) and adjusted EBITDA margin would be
14.9% (FY 23: 17.0%). Operating profit was £25.1m (FY 23: £28.6m}
after also charging increased depreciation


===== page 32 =====
Currency

‘Currency translation was a headwind on net fee income and
profits during the year, particularly im North America, tn the
year, pound sterling averaged USD 1.26 {FY 23: USD 1.21) and
GAD 1,68 (FY 23; CAD 1.59), which, with some other smatier
currency movernents, resulted in an unfavourable net currency
effect on net fee income of £4.4m and on gress profit of £1.3m
Ona constant currency basis, North Ameriza net feg income
would have grown 8.8% and Europe & APAC net fee income
would have grown 6.9%.

Overall, the Group's net fee Income would have grown 4.8% to
£238.0m on this constant currency basis. Similarly, the Group's
gross profit would have been £79.6m and would have reduced
0.9% on a constant currency basis

Net finance expenses

Net finance expenses falt slightly to £2.5m (FY 23: £2.Sm),
primarily reflecting reduced non-underlying finance expenses
relating to acquisition consideration discount unwinding, which
decreasad given acquisition-relatedl payments in the period, as
set out in note 13, This reduction was partially offset by increased
underlying interest expenses reflecting refinancing fees on eniarging
the Group's revolving credit facility (RCF”) and interest on
periodic ROF drawings, lus additional jease casts

Adiusted profit before tax was £38.5m (FY 28: £44.0m) after
charging increased depreciation and net underlying finance
expenses. Statutory pre-tax profit was £22.6m (FY 23: £25.8m}.
The jarger decrease in adjusted profits as compared to statutory
profits is driven by the fewer level of adjusting items and
non-underlying finance costs.

Taxation

The Group’s taxation charge for the year was £6.7m (FY 23: 7.8m),
reflecting the lower taxable profits and the blended tax rate of the
increasingly Imernational jurisdictions in which the Groun operates,
as set out in note 8, The Group's cash tax payment in the year
was £7.6m (FY 23: £13.3m), reflecting increased prior year
payments as the Group moved to a quarterly tax payment cycle
in North America that year.

For further taxation details, see notes 8 and 9 to the consolidated
financial statements, Adjusted profit after tax is shown after
adjustments for the applicable tax on adjusting items as set out
in note 4,

Earnings per share

Adjusted earnings per share (“EPS”) was 24.909 per share

(FY 22: 28.27p) and adjusted diiuted EPS was 23.34p FY 23:
27.37p), rellacting the adjusted protit after tax and the increased
number of weighted average shares, which increased as a result
of share option exercises in the current and prior periods, partly
offset by the Group's purchase of shares into Alpha’s employee
benefit trust (EBT"). After including the adjusting items, basic
earings per share was 13.85p (FY 28: 15.82p), while ailuted EPS
was 12.980 (FY 23; 14.79p), after including the cilutive effect of
the share options awards outstanding,

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 29

As at 31 March 2024, 11,227,844 share options (FY 28: 9,096,040)
remained outstanding, with FY 24 grants partly offset by some
share options exercised and forfeited in the year. See note 22 for
further deta

Cash flow and net funds

Cash generated from operations was £20.4m (FY 23: £43.9m}
and, after agjusting for employmenit-linked acquisition payments,
acquisition, integration and restructuring costs, was £23.6m

{FY 23: £46.21.

g
Fs
A
S
3
z
Fy
3
3
Ed

Underlying working capital remaing well managed, with debtor
days within the typicat range, albeit higher than the previous year.
The overall operating cash generation in FY 24 primarily refieots
profit share bonus payments relating to prior years, and their relative
size compared to the Group's profitability this year. These bonus
payments include beth the payment of FY 23 profit share and the
second tranche of deferred FY 22 bonus payments, These payments
alongside the lower performance-adjusted bonus accruals in FY
24 result in an increased movement in working capital in the year.
Adjusted cash conversion is similarly affected and was 60%

{FY 23; 10495). We refined the definitions of adjusted cash
generated trom operations and adjusted cash conversion in

FY 24 to exclude tax paid in the year, to allow tor consistency

in the calculation to exclude tax from both profits and operating
cash flows in ling with comparable companies, as detailed in

nole 4, Given the weightings and timings of bonus payments,

we expect adjusted cash generated from operations and adjusted
cash conversion to return to more normal levels in FY 25.

During FY 24, the Group made payments of £17,0m relating to
deferred and contingent acquisition consideration principally as
regards Liongoint, including £1.8m of employment-linked
amounts. Please see note 13 for further details.

‘The Group also provided £3.8m of funding to Alpha’s employee
benefit trust (*EBT") to purchase 1,085,154 shares at the prevailing
market share price, to hold for the satisfaction of future award
vests, Alpha will kely fund the EBT further in the future to built
the shares held in the EBT for the satisfaction of future share
option exercises.

Net interest paid was 1.3m {FY 23: £0.5m), reflecting the higher
cost of maintaining and periodically drawing the Group’s enlarged
ACF to manage the Group's ongoing currency requirements and
RCF refinancing fees paid, partially offset by interest income trom
cash balances neki,

The Group aiso capitalised expenditure of £0.3m in relation to
the development of enhancements to Aivia's cliant data and
analytics software.

Dividends paid increased to £16.2m [FY 23: 242.81, reflecting
the Group's dividend policy and a consistent FY 24 interim
dividend payment

At the year end, the Group's cash position was £29,4m

(FY 23: £59.2m), During the year, the Group refinanced and
upscaled its RCF to a £50.0m facility to provide adcitional
liquidity, and alongside the net cash position, provides Alpha
further flexibility.

alghatme.cam


===== page 33 =====
30 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

_Reoo”

Statement of financial position

The Group's net assets at 31 March 2024 totalled £148.5m
(FY 23: £149,3m). This movernent principally arises {rom the
retained profits net of dividends and other reserves movements
including additional share-basad payment reserves, offset by
foreign exchange losses on overseas assets. The Group
continues to maintain a strong financial position.

The Group's non-current assets movernent principally results
from ongoing amortisation and depreciation charges on intangible
assets and right-of use assets on leases, partly offset by goodwil
and intangibles added as part of the Shoreline acquisition.

Working capital remains well managed. Trade and other
receivables balances increased in FY 24 through the ongoing
growth in the business. Debtor collections continusd to be strong,
albeit with debtor days increasing on the previous year’s strong
collactions and closing balance.

Trade and other payables balances decreased. principally
representing lower performance-adjusted bonus accruais and
acquisition liabilities. The decrease in acquisition-rolated deferred
consideration and earn-out abilities reflects Lionpoint deferred
and contingent consideration payments, partially offset by
employrentlinked consideration as well as the unwinging of
discounting in the year, as disclosed in note 13.

As at 31 March 2024, the Company had 122,009,736 ordinary
shares in issue (FY 28: 120,508,736), of which no shares were
held in treasury and 7,537,366 shares were held in the Company's
EST to satisty future option exercises (FY 23: 6,274,380).

Dividends

In view of the recommended cash offer to acquire Alpha by Bidco,
a newly incorporated indirect subsidiary of certain funds managed
by Bridgepoint, the Board is not recommending a finat dividend.

IF the acquisition does not complete, it is expected that the Board
would declare a final dividend in respect of FY 24 at a later date.

Risk management and the year ahead

The Group's risk management approach includes regular
monitoring of macro-econamic and end-market conditions and
assessing the potential impacts across ail business areas. In the
risk management framework, which was reviewed during the
year, the senior leadership team, including the Chief Executive
Officer and me as Chief Financial Officer, has primary responsibility
for keeping abreast of developments that may affect the implementation
of the Group's strategy and financial performance. This entails,
identifying and agreeing the appropriate mitigating actions that
should be taken and ensuring, as far as possible, that those
actions are then executed by the senior management team.

The Board as a whole oversees risk and, within that framework,
considers the material risks that the Group faces and agrees

‘on the principal risks and uncertainties. Alpha has a set of core
Company values, which are embedded globally, that reflect the
Group's ethical and responsible approach to operating and
managing the business.

aiphatme.com

Alpha has navigated well through this more challenging year.
While closely monitoring the ongoing market rebalancing, Alpha
continues to enjoy a strong pipeline of new business opportunitias
and incrementally improving current trading. The structural drivers
in the sectors in which we operate, which drive ongoing demand
for Aipha’s services, remain prevalent. We are confident in the
quality of our people, our excellent market reputation, and business
opportunities to extend the service offering, and therefore the
Board looks forward to further progress ahead.

The Board has considered all of the above factors in its review
of going concern and has been able to conclude the review
positively. While cognisant of potential macro-economic risks
and the more competitive environment, the Group's talented
people, widening range of service offerings and international
footprint, together with the tong-term structural drivers, position
the Group well.

Summary and current trading

in amore competitive market environment with a longer sales
cycle, the Group performed resiliently in the year. The Group has
grown net fee income, while maintaining consistent consultant
day rates.

While the global consulting market continues to rebalance
and present some challenges, a more positive market sentiment
is returning, with improving sales wins over recent months.
Utilisation rates ticked up in the final quarter of FY 24, close

to target levels overall, maintaining this level into the early part
of FY 28.

We are very confident in the quality of our people, our excellent
market regutation, and business opportunities to extend the

service offering for our clients further. Accordingly, the Group
remains well positioned for the future.

John Paton
Chief Financial Officer

Cu tune wet


===== page 34 =====
Annuaj Report & Accounts 2024 ca)

Unies S

Tempar

“ . The likely consequence of
y mast act in the any decision in the long term.
censider im goc

g
FS
é
a
3
2
3
3
H
a

The interests of the
company’s employees.

The need to foster the company’s
business relationships with suppliers,
customers and others.

The impact of the company’s operations
on the community and the environment.

The desirability of the company maintaining
a reputation for high standards
of business conduct.

The need to act fairly between
members of the company.

The following disclosure describes haw the Directors have had regard to the
matters set out in Section 172(1)ia) to f} and forms the Directors’ statement
under Section 414CZA of the Companies Act 2006.

The Directors remain committed to engaging with the Group's stakeholders
and considering their interests when making strategic decisions,

aiphatme.com


===== page 35 =====
32 Annuai Report & Accounts 2024

Seaport

Key Board decisions during the year

The Boarc considers the following te be the key decisions and considerations that it has made cluring the year to 31 March 2024;

Board deci

The Board formally approved the appointment
of Luc Baqué as Chief Executive Officer on
1 April 2023.

The Directors approved the acquisition of
Shoreline (see pp 132-133 for details).

The Board reviewed and approved the
FY 23 Full Year Results and the Annual Report
and Accounts,

The Board considered and agreed to
recommend a fina! dividend of 10.50p for FY 23,

Considerations

To provide effective executive leadership that will ensure the
sustainable, long-term success of the Group.

To support the long-term growth and success of the Group
by incorporating Shoreline's complementary client base,
employee skill sets and capabilties

To enabie the Group to take advantage of opportunities in
APAC and provide a platform ‘or further growth in this region.

— To broaden the range of services and expertise the Group

~ Te provide transparent and accurate information to the market.

~- To address the interests of shareholders in the context of
the long term while maintaining the Group's policy of paying
approximately 50% of adjusted grofits.

The Board appointed the Group's first in-house
Company Secretary,

— To further strengthen the Group's corporate governance
framework, thereby safeguarding the interests of
shareholders and other stakeholders.

incentive awards to management and certain
employees of the Group.

The Board approved the grant of FY 24 equity

~ To reward and incentivise the management of the Group
and ensure the alignment of interests between employees
and shareholders.

The Board approved the exercise of options
that had vested under the management
incentive plan and employee incentive plan to
management and certain employees of the
Group, together with the purchase of the
Company's own shares by the employee.
benefit trust to satisfy the exercise of share
options awards.

-- To reward and incentivise the management and employees
of the Group and ensure the alignment of interests between
employees and shareholders.

The Board undertook a scenario planning
exercise to review the FY 24 forecast against
prevailing market conditions.

interim pre-close trading update to the rnarket,

alphafme.com

The Board considered and approved the FY 24.

To ensure the accuracy of forecast performance and consider
potential outcomes against a range of market conditions.

To provide transparent, accurate and timely information to
the market.


===== page 36 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 33

Board decision Considerations:

The Board reviewed and approved the FY 24 ~ To provide transparent and accurate information to the

interim Report and payment of tha FY 24 market and to address the interests of shareholders in the

interim dividend of 3.70p to shareholders. context of the tang term while maintaining appropriate levels
of reserves to run the business effectively.

The Board reviewed the provisions of the newly — To ensure that the Group's gevernance mechanisms retlect

published 2023 QCA Corperate Governance est practice, taking into consideration the interests and evolving

Code and agreed steps 10 ensure compliance expectations of its shareholders and broader stakeholders.

with its recommendations from 1 April 2024.

‘The Board aporoved the exercise of options - To reward and incentivise the management and employees
that had vested under the management of the Group and ensure the alignment of interests between
incentive pian and emotoyee incentive pian employees and sharenolders,

for management and certain employees of

the Group
The Board considered and approved the “To provide transparent, accurate and timely information to
release of a Trading Update to communicate the market,

date to FY 24 pert expectations.
an update to FY 24 performance expectatio — To agree on actions relating to revised profit expectations,
In accordance with the Remuneration To ensure that remuneration arrangements evolved in ine
Committee's recommendations, tha Board with market practice and investors’ expectations.

undertook to consult with major shareholders

‘on proposed updates to the Remuneration

Policy for Executive Directors, to take effect

on April 2024.
At each meeting, the Chief Executive Officer updated the Board on the Group's businesses, geographies and progress on key cliont
reiationships and engagements,

To provide a remuneration structure that will enable share
‘option dilution levels to be reduced over time.

Further details on the Group's strategy and long-term decisions are set out in the Chairman's report on pp 9-11, the Chief Executive
Officer's report on pp 12-15 and in the strategy section on pp 22-28,

Py
2
5
&
3
z
3
3
3
Et



===== page 37 =====
34 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

BU RS ie Moe

Engagement with
key stakeholders

The Board considers its key
stakeholders to be its employees,
shareholders, clients and the
communities in which it operates,
The Board also recognises other
stakeholder groups including
vendors and suppliers, industry
bodies and competitors with
which Alpha works or associates
in the marketplace. Engaging
effectively with these stakeholders:
strengthens the Group's business
relationships and decision making
and, therefore, supports its
long-term success.

alphatme.com

Stakeholder key interests Why we engage '

How we engage

Attracting, retaining and developing
the best talent is essential to Alpha’s
business success. The Group is
committed to providing a highly
rewarding workplace and maintaining
a strong, meritocratic, and inclusive
culture that recognises the
importance of our people and
encourages open communication.

The Group prioritises open
communication and effective
engagement with its shareholders,
whose support is integral to long-term
growth and success.

— Career progression.

~- Recognition.

— Training and development.
— Morale and motivation.

— Engagement and feedback.

Reputation.
— Wellbeing.

— Health and safety.
~ Diversity and inclusion.
— Sustainability

—— Global employee
feedback framework.

— Leadership communications.
— Monthly Company meetings.
- Competitive remuneration package,

- Professional qualification and other
training opportunities.

— Employee success framework.

Mentoring.

Management incentive programme.

— Diversity & Inclusion programme
and networks.

— CSR networks,

-- Financial performance
including share price
performance and dividends.

~ Governance and transparency.
Operating and financial information.

Confidence and trust in the
Group's Directors.

—— Transparency and
appropriateness of Executive
Director remuneration structures.

— Dedicated investor section on the
website and AIM Rule 26 disclosures.

investor strategy updates.
Capital markets days.

— interim and preliminary
results announcements.

One-to-one meetings
with investors,

~ investor conferences/roadshows.

-- Annual Report, including details
‘of how the Quoted Companies
Alliance Corporate Governance
Cade has been applied.

- Annual General Meeting, including
a voluntary vote on the re-election
of all Directors each year.

-- During April 2024, the Group
consulted with major shareholders
‘on updates to the Remuneration
Policy (see pp 86-91 for datas). It
is algo intended that a shareholder
vote on remuneration will be
introduced at the 2025 AGM.


===== page 38 =====
‘The Group's success is based on delivering a
oroposition that helps its clients address their
challenges and cepitalise on their opportunities
‘The Group works hard at developing and sustaining
long-term client relationships, which it supports
through its global team of consultants and by
extending the range cf services it offers and the
types of projects it carries out.

- Specialist industry proposition,
— Integrated end-to-end service affering.
Excelient service delivery,

— Continuous development of practices,
products and services.

-- Subject matter expertise,
~ Emphasis on client satisfaction.

Ability and experience to help clients shape
their business for the future

~ Senior level client relationship management.
~ Continuous client satisfaction monitoring.

Regular assesement of client demand
and interests.

~ Industry round table discussions.

~ Dialogue with vendors, regulators and
indusiry bodies.

—- Publication of market and industry insights.

~ Alpha Outlook whitepapers and
thought leadership.

Annual Report & Accounts 2024

36

The Group is a growing, profitable business committed to fostering the
same growth and success within the communities in which it operates,
including supporting relevant or active organisations in those communities.
As part of this engagement, the Group also considers its Corporate
responsibility and how to maximise the positive environmental and social
impacts of its activities, and to minimise the dewnsides, giving a solid

baseling for developing relevant action pians and targets.

-- Effective and transparent engagement with local communities.

— Available ESG reporting and disclosures.
Working closely with charities, corporate social responsibility ¢°CSR")

partners and other organisations.

- Contributing to awareness of diversity, inclusion and other

sustainability related topics.

— Taking effective action on climate change.

— Pursuing a positive impact on lecal and global environments,

- Diversity and Inclusion networks and initiatives, developing and

empowering Alpha's people with shared knowledge, toolkits

and training.

Work on climate change and carbon offsetting.

ESG reporting including the Sustainability Accounting Standards
Board and the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-ralated

Financial Disclosures.

The Group's Sustainability Report and relevant sections within the

Annual Report.
Energy usage and emissions reperting.
Charity of the Year programme.

Taking appropriate steps where regulations are introduced by

establishing new policies.

Modern Slavery Statement and Living Wage accreditation.

Tax evasion and anti-bribery policies, supported by
whistleblowing policy.

GSR schemes and iniliatives, including mentoring schernes for
young people from lower socioeconomic backgraunds and

team-coardinated tundraising for charities.

alghatme.com

g
a
g
2
o
z
z
3
3
4



===== page 39 =====
36 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Looking after our people

Alms
exper des a 4

We strive to provide the best service and deliver exceptional client
results. Our highly talented people enable us to do this as they
deliver complex, transformative and strategically important projects
for our clients, Alpha is therefore committed to attracting,
retaining and developing the best team in the industry.

We want the years that our people spend working at Aipha to be
the best of their career, and we believe that providing a positive
and inspiring work environment will help to foster a high-performance
culture that delivers exceptional outcomes for clients, as well as
great professional and personal fulfilment for our employees.

What we offer

‘The talented graduates and experienced consultants who join
Alpina benefit from our distinctive and highly attractive proposition,
ult on:

Integrity

— A strong corporate culture that places people at the heart
of the business;

— Our reputation as the leading consultancy in the sectors

in which we operate; Responsible

~ Opportunities to gain invaluable experience by working in smail
teams on high-profile, industry-defining projects:

Comprehensive training, development and feedback to build
consulting skills and speciatist knowledge;
Collaborative

Career progression based on merit, with no fixed period
at any level:

Recognition of talent on an individual lavel, while encouraging
and celebrating success at a team level:

— An open and inclusive environment with a strong employee
support framework for people of all levels and backgrounds;

An entrepreneurial environment where ideas to develop our
business are welcomed:

Ahighly competitive compensation package, inckiding
benefits and participation in the Group's profit-sharing or
cash bonus schemes; and

Accountability

Management incentives that celebrate success and recagnise
contributions to Group performance.

alphatme.com

Our core values define who we are both
as a company and as professionals

We provide deep expertise
in our specialist areas

We provide a meritocratie, sociable
and supportive environment - we
want to be recognised as the best
place to work in our industry. with
personal career progression

based on transparent and
meritocratic considerations

Everything we do is defined by
integrity - we hold ourselves to the
highest standards of transparency,
honesty and personal integrity

We are socially and
ethically responsible

We pride ourselves on working
collaboratively with our clients

We are proac! we use our
extensive personal and corporate
experience to find solutions

We take accountability for
delivery - we own and take
responsibility for outcomes


===== page 40 =====
Emphasis on culture and inclusion

Alpha puts people at the heart of the business, so that they feel
engaged and empowered to drive success, both at an individual
and team level. We take enormous pride in creating and fostering
an environment where everyone can thrive.

To ensure this, we base our corporate cuiture on integrity, faimess
and mentocracy and our peopie management frameworks favour
inclusion, sociability and support. We believe this is a key reason
why we have lower siaff attrition rates than many of our peers,
with many of our team having been at Aipha for 10 years or longer.
We are proud to be a company where people feel they can grow.

Focus on diversity and inclusion

Championing diversity and equity and fostering an inclusive
culture at ali levels are key elements of our approach to looking
aiter aur people, We operate several erployes-managad networks
globally that champion ethnic and cultural diversity, social mabilty.
gender equality, wellbeing, disability confidence - including our
accreditation as a Disability Confident Level 2 employer - and
pride 1.GBTOs),

We are committed to ensuring that our people. structures and culture
work together to improve diversity and inclusion at all teveis of the
organisation. particularly at senior levels, where decision making
is concentrated and representation is vital, More information cart
be found about this n the Sustainable Business section on p. 44,

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 37

The power
of our people

g
Ff
5
é
3
z
3
3
3
3

Employee insight

vole

Aipha invests im aur nm
through te
mentorshp. traming

opportunities & oreeding

diverse oxp

ay

42

We aim to provide a supportive environment of senior
mentors and professional coaches, ag well as enable
upwards feedback to ensure every empioyee is given the
opportunity to thrive and grow, We also provide training
at every level upon promaticn in addition te hands-on
‘training throughout the year. Furthermore, we ensure our
rising talent has a diverse set of client experiences to well
round their consutting and technical skills.

Alpha’s consultants demonstrate a wide variety of qualities
and values that acids to the effectiveness and collaborative
nature of our teams. Our consultants provide deep expertise
in Alpha’s specialist areas and take accountability for delivery
through ownership over client outcomes. Their work is
defined by integrity and held to the highest standards of
transparency and honesty. Alpha consultants are proactive,
and use their extensive personal and corporate experience
to find the best solutions for cients.

In order to continue to foster a meritocratic approach to
talent, Alpha maintains a relatively flat hierarchy, ensuring
all consultants have access to senior leadership to provide
them with the support they need te succeed. Great ideas
are encouraged and recognised across levels. Many of
our best ideas have come from a consultant proactively
bringing an idea to lite and collaborating with colleagues
to make it a success.

Natalie McIntyre
Technology Consulting Leaa

Asset 6 Weaith Management Consulting
North America

alphatme.com


===== page 41 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024

A strong record of recruitment and retention

Alpha is sought after as an employer thanks to its excellent
reputation, positive and collaborative culture, prestigious client
relationshios and increasing range of opportunities that our
strategy provides ambitious professionals. In hiring, we look for
extremely talented individuals from all backgrounds who show
strong commitment and the desire to succeed, and we review
our recruitment processes continually to ensure that they are
thorough and effective and integrate diversity considerations
at every stage.

Once on board, our employees are provided with the specialist
knowledge, support and training that they need to thrive. At Alpha
we are committed to providing a high-quality onboarding experience
for new employees. We ensure that new employees are quickly
allocated a mentor who will welcome them to the firm and
support them with their professional development.



===== page 42 =====
For us, its important that new employees feei part of the Aipha
community from the start, Our efforts to ensure an excellent working
environment, exciting opportunities for career development and
highly competitive compensation packages have been critical
factors in the Group's growth over the last years, alongside
maintaining strong retention tor our industry.

Creating a social and supportive environment

Alpha organises oversight and support fer its people through 4
number of coordinated functions: HR, Recruitment & Learning,
Responsible Business and management members who are
responsible for diversity, people and talent locally. The teams
are organised by regions and individual teams as appropriate,
allowing for a highly agile, efficient and connected network of
support for all our people.

We strive for Alpha to provide as inclusive, sociable, and supportive
an environment as possible. Our management teams, social
teams, HA teams and other groups regularly werk on ideas and
opportunities to bring together Alpha as a community. We also
review Alpha's sociat agendas to ensure activities are attractive

to all our empioyaes, and we encourage our people to get involved
in making these plans and arrangements so that different
viewpcints and interests can be captured.

A key focus of the corporate teams, including HR and Recruitment,
is to support the business as we grow geograchically across different
sectors. in the past year, this has inciucied successful implementation
of a new, leading HR information system and the development of
HR frameworks for different career patns, as the Group grows
and continues to broaden its client proposition globally,

Learning and development.

We have training programmes extending across all grades, from
analyst to director, who reasive high-quality taining and upskiting
‘an valuable topics for their roles. Examples include upskilling on
content knowledge, presentation skills, people management,
sales and delivery excellence.

All employees are alse encouraged to take a proactive approach
to their career development, The Group provides access to
Linkedin Learning for all employees, meaning they are able to
supplement their professional development, and further develop
their skilsets across a number of topics, such as communication,
presentation, technology and problem solving skills. Furthermore,
relevant formal certifications are encouraged to support the
development of individual career paths and corporate expertise.

Alongside these formal training initiatives, we ensure that
employees gain unique knowledge and practical experience by
working alongside more experienced colleagues and attending
meetings with some of our client organisations’ most senior and
influential people. We also offer secondments and permanent
moves between geographies and consulting practices. which
Provides our people with a possible range of wider experiences
and development opportunities within the Alpha business.

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 39

Career progression

We are proud to be a Group where people recognise future
opportunities and fee! they can grow. Alpha has a meritocratic
approach to Career progression where our consultants have the
opportunity to progress basad on their performance. We do not
subscribe to a “fixed time” at each level.

g
8
3
é
3
2
3
3
3
5

We believe the ability to take on responsibilities early. receive
mentoring and oversight from experienced consultants, alongside
relevant development and training pians, allows for rapid progression
and is essential in attracting the most talented consultants to join
us. Many of our current director team joined Alpha as graduates
of early in their careers, meaning our senior team has a deep
understanding of the organisation and culture, while oroviding
continuity to employees.

External benchmarking confirms that the average time to
progress from graduate to director is significantly less than our
peers, This is aided by our beliet in promoting from within where
possible and identifying opportunities for staff at al levels of the
Group. These tactors help us stand out from our competitors and
enable us to attract top-quality talent.

Recognising that everyone's career path is individual, we place
great importance on mentonng and feedback. Mentors helo to
guide development throughout the year, alongside mid-year and
annual performance reviews and regular feedback touchpoints
with project leads, As part of a new HP information system
roll-out in FY 24, we have implemented a feedback mechanism
that allows 360-degree feedback at any time.

Employee communications and feedback

We usé a range of channels to facilitate employee communication,
collaboration and engagement. Each regional team has regular
company meetings to update on key business topics and provide
the opportunity tor Q&A, The senior management team, including
the CEO, uses internal communication channels to celebrate
successes and provide updates in important areas, recent topics
have inciuded diversity and inclusion and the announcement of
Alpha’s first public diversity target.

We take time to understand the team’s sentiment about life at
Alpha and identify strengths and areas for focus, As such, we also
provide a range of ananymised channels to facilitate employes
engagement including an annual anonymous feedback survey,
Empioyee teedback has led to many new initiatives that include
changes to internal policies, communication formats and technofogy
improvements. This year, we have introduced the emplayes net
promoter score ("eNPS")} to enhance our insight, Whie this is a
new concept for all members of the Group, with which we will
need time to familiarise, we were very pleased with a first eNPS
rating of “good”

alphatme.com,


===== page 43 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Sustainable business

At Aupha, Gur dedicatic-: fe

ustamable business pr acticas is
ntegrated across our og i
reflecting qur commitr:
err success and posit
gutcemes. Over the oa
have made progress in the G
enveranmental, social. Hf

aur first Sus
atails this. Looking ad, we nave
med a number of anstitions to
continue our positive rramertion

gh

Ea visit us ontine to see our Sustainability Report

Alongside our internal efforts, Alphas ESG & Responsible
investment practice is @ core and growing part of the work we
do wath clients. Our consulting teams actively advise on ESG
within the investment community, actoss the asset and wealth
management, alternatives and insurance sectors. These teams
employ distinct aporoaches to navigate ESG demands, for
example supporting financial services organisations in defining
their ESG and responsible investment strategies, in adapting to
regulatory changes and leveraging technology and data
management approaches in managing ESG commitments.

We hope that our sustainability efforts continue to buiid trust
across our diverse stakeholder groups, including invesiors,
clients, employees, anc industry bodies.

Highlights from the year
There have been a number of key developments across
the Alpha Group in identifying and progressing ESG geals.
This year we:

- Conducted a materiality assessment and developed
our ESG roadmap, involving analysis of the needs of a
wide range of our stakeholders and assessment of
benchmarking data from the AIM ESG specialist
third-party consultancy, Addidat;

Set our first Group diversity target for women and nanibinary
employees in our global director team (25% in five years):

Conducted our fitst UK Gender Pay Gap disclosure;

Became a member of the UN Guiding Principles
reporting framework;

Continued 10 deepen and refine our emissions reporting
under SECR, working closely with Normative: a
partnership now in its second year;

— Released our first standalone Sustainability Report;

— Produced our first Task Foroe on Climate-related Financial
Disclosures report;

— Increased the level of our annual Carbon Disclosure
Project reporting;

Conducted Energy Saving Ooportunity Scheme reporting
in the UK; and

Made our iirst voluntary submission te the UN Gicval
Compact demonsiraling how we integrate the global
leading responsible business principles into our operations.


===== page 44 =====
This year we have focused on ensuring our governance
frameworks and poiicies are @ continuing strength for Alpha,
including maintaining robust oversight and prover business,
practices; an increasing area of interest with our stakeholders.

We continually soan the regulatory horizon and assess the
Group's exposure te and appetite for risk, which may result in
the development of new policies and processes, or updates to
existing poticies and processes. Further information on Alpha’s
risk management framework is detailed in the Risk Management
section of the Strategic Report on pp 52-86

This year, we have combined our policies into a newly created
and publicly avilable Corporate Compliance Manual.

Compliance with these policies by aif employses is supported
by our poligies and adherence framework

Alpha’s policies and adherence framework

Annual Report & Accounts 202441

The framework ensures that our operations meet the stringent requirements expected of a public company, that we adhere to the
highest ethical standards, and that our policies are easily accessible and complied with by ail Aipha staff,

Relevant Employee Policies

Effective adherence to potcies

‘comes from an understanding ot their
practical mnplications and importance,
Alpha’s extensive employeo policias
and quidolines cleariy define expected
behaviours and proceaures. To
suppott this, any nevr joiner must
read core polices as part of
‘onboarding and employees more
broadly must acknowledge any
updated policies systematially

Terms of Employment

Alpha's employment agreements and
contracts include relevant and rigorous
Clauses bath to anforce contidentiality,
And to require all people to comply
wath the Group's salicies and
procedures. These terms are
fundamentat to employment practices.

Communication

We send annual renders to cur team on the impertance of training
and attestation o! key policies, Communications are aiso sent during the
year if there are new policies or policy components Aipha wil also use
communicaton channels to highight any practeal examples ot when a
policy is relevant or has applied,

2 Su Ocrearale Cempiance Manual ing uaes IMs fale eang coMGIES! antiteibe ¢ ANS
Sortapt on, Crm nal Rnanses Act ant-gcitat 2° cf tax avatdare, Modern Savery
Statement, wr stlatiow ng palcy, sanesiors pale. {¢INFIshare-daaing ocho, nner
nf nterest and outside Business nterests 99%,
nowmatien sec ty Soliey. Qusinase comtry

andatory
Training
omponents

The external
transparency of our
Policies is algo a key focus
and we have published the
Corporate Comptiance
Manual on the
Alpha website.

Mandatory Training Components

All employees complate annual training
on polices where there is a ragulatory
angle or where we datermine a
signtfican lovel of potential risk 19,

‘our business er business functions,
Training includes renforcing the
components of the policy, testing
ndividuais on their understanding,

and capturing attestation.

Values and Culture

ur corporate values (see p. 36) are
underpinned by integnty. collaboration
‘and responsiblity. We monitor those
attriputes through relevant core
competencias in dur success
frameworks, which are assessed
annually. Acting wth integnty and
corporate citizenship are of high
enportance and they encompass
compliance with company policies
and those of our chants.

atphafme.com

g
Ff
z
cs
3
2
3
3
3
Ef



===== page 45 =====
42 Annuat Report & Accounts 2024

Strong governance continued

Corporate Governance Code

As in previous years, Alpha continues to align with the QCA Code,
reflecting our dedication to maintaining the highest standards of
corporate conduct. in 2023 the Cade was updated, and the first
disclosures in line with this a’e required in 2025. The Group has
taken proactive steps to ensure that it complies with these new
principles for the financial year beginning 1 Aprif 2024.

The corporate governance report on pp 70-75 sets out further
information about the Group's governance framework and how
the Board complies with the principtes of the QCA Code.

Information and cybersecurity

Alpha remains committed to maintaining a secure operational
environment, which is crucial for protecting our business,
investors, employees, and clients fram the threat of cyber-attacks
and data breaches. As part of this ongoing commitment, we
ensure that cybersecurity and information security form a
fundamental part of operations, management responsibiiities
and oversight discussions. We recognise that while technology
and specialist third parties form the backbone of our
cybersecurily measures, our staff will often represent the first
ling of defence. We have a number of security pillars in place
to ensure that they are adequately prepared in identifying and
responding to any cyber, information or data security threats,
We conduct simulated phishing exercises at least quarterly;

we mandate annual training and attestation on Aipha’s data
handling policy; we ensure that information security policies
and support contacts are accessible; and we conduct ad hoc
training on cybersecurity hot topics as appropriate.

This training and testing forms part of our broader cybersecurity
approach that is managed by Alpha's Head of IT, supported

by an Information Security lead. Executive oversight for the
security framework comes from the Grouo’s Managing Director,
This framework includes:

— Comprehensive suite of information security policies and
procedural controls, based upon best practices from NIST
framework. Policies are reviewed annually and disclosed
publicly in the Corporate Compliance Manual on our website;

— Third-party securities operations centre ("SOC") that
monitors the network 24/7 for suspicious activity or
anomalous behaviour that could pose a threat to the Group;

— Regular promotion of good cyber hygiene across the global
Alpha workforce with annual mandatory leerning, testing,
regular training campaigns and assessments;

alphafme.com

Board diversity

As well as being important for Aisha’s own Dal programme,
the diversity of Board members is a key interest for external
stakeholders and a focus of emerging regulation,

The Group believes that the Board’s current compositian brings
an appropriate diversity of skills, personal qualities, credentials,
and perspectives ana the Board benefits from a balance of
gender diversity. You can read more about Board diversity at
Alpha in the Nomination Committee report on p. 77.

— Two factor authentication log-in, industry-leading cloud
security fools and auto-backups managed by cloud vendors;

- Agpropriate due difigence, vetting and annual auditing of
cloud providers to validale information security and risk posture;

— Quarterly effectiveness review and adjustments of our
infosec processes in line with continual improvement of
Aipha's security posture;

~ Proactive testing of technical defences through external
team exercises, annual penetration tests of internet facing
assets, anti-virus software real-time scanning, and internal
phishing assessments:

- A Data Privacy Working Group that manages incident
response; and

— Extensive cybersecurity insurance policy coverage.

While a strong cybersecurity framework is required Group wide,
this is particularly important for Aiviq due to its product offering.
Aiviq adopts a Zero Trust security aparoach, and since
November 2021 has attained IS027001 certification, which is
regularly audited and renewed annually. in 2024 Aiviq will be
recertifying, as per the ISO27001 stipulations. In addition,

Aivig obtained its Cyber Essentials Pius certifications this year.
bolstering the security of the business further.

These combined measures allow the Group to provide a secure
and reliable service for employees, clients and other stakeholders,
which is vital to the long-term sustainability of the business.

[Read more about the management of information and cyber
risks in the principal risks section on p. 59


===== page 46 =====
ESG governance and reporting

The ESG Committee of the Board, oversees the development
and implementation of the Group's ESG strategy and roadmap.
The Committee works atongside senior leadership and the
Responsible Business team, who support the Group in regulatory
horizon scanning, addressing £SG demands, and progressing
Alpha's ESG roadmap.

In early 2024 we delivered an important milastone by publishing
our first standalone Sustainability Report, A key objective of this
report was to provide transparency and increase engagement
between Alpha and stakeholders on ESG focus areas and objectives.
An important part of this has been the completion of a comprehensive
ESG materiality assessment to align our strategy with best practices
and stakeholder expectations, and to identify the key issues and
‘opportunities that Alpha should prioritise in its ESG readmap.

Aipha remains fuly compliant with ali current agpicable ESG reguiation,
which includes fulfiling the following ESG reporting requirements:

Publicly

ailable di
Energy use (greenhouse gas)
reporting (UK), in line with
Streamlined Energy and Carbon
Reporting ("SECR”)

Task Force on Climate-related
Financia! Disclosures (“TCFD")

fosures

pp4s-31

alphatme.com

The Energy Savings Opportunity
Scheme regulations (“ESOS”)

Annual Report,
Change Act various sections

Modern Slavery Act alphatme.com

Gender Pay Gap reporting in the UK _alphaimme.com
and Gender Equality Index Score

in France

Annual Report,
Sustainability Accounting
Standards Board ("SASB")
disclosure, op 184-157

Governance, risk and
compliance ("GRC") requirement
for a reporting framework

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 43.

Alpha also voluntarily aligns with the United Nations Global Compact
(UNGC’), The Human Rights, Labour, and Anti-Gorruption
Principles are integrated in our policies, as referenced in the
Strong Governance section of this report, We continue to make
strides with the Environment Principles, as detailed in the
environment section on op 46-47 and further in our Sustainability
Report. We will continue to review our alignment bi-annually and
engage with the UN Global Compact team on a quarterly basis.

Alpha also aligns with the Carbon Disclosure Project (*CDP")
when engaged to do sa by clients, providing a view of our
sustainability performance to support their procurement
processes. We have again this year reported to Ecovadis tor our
French operations and achieved a Silver rating, which confirms
that the approaches we take across sustainability and managing
risk are above average for our industry.

g
3
8
c
3
QD
FA
3
$



===== page 47 =====
44 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Diversity, equity and inclusion
Alpha is an equal opportunities employer, and we know that
taking steps to improve diversity, equity and inclusion (“DEI in
the workplace is key to ensuring an equitable future for all, which
in turn supports our intention to be a company where everyone
can thrive and contrioute to the success of the Group.

In recognition of this, the past year represents a pivotal moment
in our journey. This year, to further substantiate our DEI ambitions,
we set our first diversity target: for 25% of our global director
team to be women or nonbinary in five years. Our baseline for that
target is 13%, as reported in our 2023 Annuat Report, and we are
pleased to report thal our director team comprises 16% women
and nonbinary ingividuals (as of 31 March 2024).

This target was defined through extensive internal consultations,
inoluding 40 workshops wilh over 50 senior stakeholders across
the business. Our target is also data driven, closely linked to the
Global Equal Opportunities survey information. The survey was
faunched in 2028, and has seen a strong initial uptake, enabling
us to assess the Group's diversity profile now and on an
ongoing basis

Please see our SASB disclosure on p. 156 for further details on
this target. We will report on our progress against this target in
future years, as well as the development and delivery of our action
plans and diversity targets.

Initiatives and networks

At Alpha, our commitment to diversity and inclusion continues

to be a fundamental part of our culture, underpinned by an active
globat programme of volunteers. Central to this are the six
voluntary employee-led networks, which each play a crucial role
in shaping our corporate culture. These cover Disability Confidence,
Ethnic and Cultural Diversity, Gender Equality, Social Mooility,
Pride ancl Wellbeing,

Each network provides a platform for dialogue, awareness-raising,
learning, planning, and action, contributing significantly to our DE!
initatives and ESG roadmap. Example initiatives from our global
teams in the last year include the launch of an anonymous
speak-up platform, sociai mobility-focused internships, and DEI
training programmes for leadership and staff, using both online
and third-party providers. For example, Alpha partnered with
Leqture for International Women’s Day to host an online event
series covering a range of topics inctuding gender equality,
allyshio, inclusion and leadership.

alphatme.com

The Social Mobility Internshic thal sits within the UK Insurance
business is an excellent example of how our employee-led initiatives
can support DEI at Alpha across a number of key areas. Across
2022 and 2028 we welcomad aight interns, which were 50%
femnals, 68% from diverse or mixed ethnicity backgrounds and all
from non-fee-paying schoois. Interns received a competitive gross
salary which we have since increased further to align with that

of a full-time analyst, effective this summer. We offered fulltime
graduate positions to five of the eight, a strong conversion rate.

We are delighted to support the launch of new groups that
resonate with local topics and social importance; for example, in
the year a North American Asian Pacific Network was launched
within the team, We are proud to have such a strong level of
engagement, which supports our action setting linked to the ESG
roadmap and reinforces our probability of success.

Employee framework

We are delighted to have a talented team of industry leading
consultants at Alpha and recognise that the engagement and
satisfaction of our team are vital to the success of the business.
We believe that Aloha should seek not just to bring together the
best and most talented people, but to provide a fantastic place
to work and an environment wnere everyone can flourish.

We foster long-term retention through the opportunities thal we
offer, our culture and our frameworks for development, support
and feedback.

While our teams are delivering on some of the industry’s most
challenging change projects, ansuring that we prioritise wellbeing
and support is of paramount importance. We have established
HR, mentoring and empioyee oversight frameworks across all
global locations and tevels. At the same time, we continue to
invest in our learning and development opportunities, which seek
to build confidence consulting skills and industry content, at alt
stages in the employee journey.

bb.



===== page 48 =====
We are committed to providing an open, interactive

and collaborative working environment, To this end, there

are opportunities throughout the year to actively gather the
insights, priorities, and sentiments of our tearm members.

This helps us to focus our attention on what matters. The looking
after cur people section of the Annual Report on pp 36-39
provides more detall about the employee experience at Aipha.

Corporate social responsibility

Our social responsibilities and the impact we have in the
communities in which we operate are extremely important to us.
We promote ethical conduct, social responsitility, and a corporate
culture that vaiues fairness and positive actions al all times.

Alpha's Corporate Social Responsibility ("CSR") vision and
activities in this area are executed mainly through the work of
our internal CSR team, which is employees participating on a
voluntary basis, while supported by the Group's Responsible
Business tearm.

Our community focused activities include fundraising, pro bono
consulting, volunteering, outreach networks and mentoring.

We are very proud of our fong-standing voluntary charitable wark
and our main Group-wide CSR initiatives in our Charity of the Year
((COTY") programme,

In 2028. our COTY programme raised more than £20,000
alongside delivering valuable volunteering initiatives and pro bono
work. In the UK and Europe, the team raised £13,758 tor The
Institute of Imagination, a pioneering education charity that
designs and delivers creative workshops across the arts,
sciences and digital technologies for children aged 5-11 years
old. In North America, the team raised $10,000 for Greenwood
Project: a charity that partners with cornpanies in the financial
services industry to create accessible career pathways for Black
and Latinx students.

These efforts reflect our ongoing commitment ta making a
positive impact within the communities we serve and marks the
eighth year of running our COTY programme. The programme is
run regionally with etnployees from each region voting on their
oharity of choice each year. This allows us to tailor our support
more effectively and deliver more impact and engagement with
local communities,

Annual Report & Accounts 2024

oo
i "

Suppliers

As a responsible business, we ensure that our supplier
relationships are in line with legislation and best practices, which
is supported by a new supplior code. We arg in the process of
rolling out this code which will be issued to new key suppliers,
and existing ones upon contract renewal. The code includes
expectations around environmental responsibility, anti-modern
slavery action, and health and safety minimum standards. We
also assess the policies of our suppliers in areas such as social
policies, employse weilbsing and, in the UK, payment af the Living
Wage. This helps us maintam our dedication to fair and responsible
business practices across all aspects of our operations.

Modern slavery

We are committed to combating and preventing modem slavery,
human trafficking, and exploitation. We have procedures and
policies in place throughout our own business and our supply and
procurement chains to support this. A copy of these can be found
on our website in our Corporate Compliance Manual. These
processes are reviewed annually, and Aipha's Modern Slavery
Statement is ultimately approved by the Board,

Human rights

In 2023, Aloha proudly became a member of the UN Guiding
Principies Reporting Framework, This membership enhances our
commitment to human rights and social responsibilty but also
aligns with our strategic approach to integrating sustainable
practices across all evels of cur operations,

alphatme.com



===== page 49 =====
Environment

With growing ev

ibis oritoval cat we anders

aot

ag clerace che

our parlor

As a professional services firm our direct carbon footprint is smaller
than that of high-emitting industries, However, environmental
stewardship remains an important part of our ESG strategy, and
we recognise a clear global imperative for emission reduction.

Due to the growth of the business, Alpha is in scope of new
environmental regulatory demands this yeer to report in alignment
with the TCFD framework for the Group, see pp 48-51, and with
the ESOS regulations for our UK operations, for which we wil
submit our notification of compliance in August 2024.

Alpha’s carbon footprint

We are committed to reducing our emissions and aim to develop
our science-based carhon reduction plan and communicating our
net zero ambition and targets in the year ahead. In tha meantime,
we offset where we cannot reduce our emissions, and we have
again this year offset our Scope 2 and calculated emissions
globally via a verified scheme.

Ensuring the quality and accuracy of our data related to carbon
emissions, and tracking and regorting on thern are key first steps
in setting meaningful targets. We continue to complete this
activity Group-wide, working closely with carbon reporting firm
Normative, a partnership now in its second year, who are helping
us to both understand our emission data and improve our
calculations. This important work is setting the founciations for us
to reduce our emissions and communicate our Net Zero ambition.

alphafme.com

and aur oryire

The total Scope 2 and 3 emissions for FY 24 were 3,420 tCO,e.
Scope 2 emissions account for approximately 4% of our total

emissions, with the majority (3,294 tCO,e) coming from Scope 3
emissions categories. Alpha has no Scope 7 emissions to report

Our total emissions have risen by 263 tCO,e year on year, and
our revenue intensity metric has also increased from 13.8 to 14.5
tCO,e/Em revenue, The year-on-year increases in our emissions
reflect increased average global headcount, including in APAC,
with the acquisition of Shoreline, as well 8s an increase in employees
working {rom our offices or client sites, increasing Scope 2 anc
Scope 3 commuting and business travel emissions.

As we develop cur data collection and analysis methodologies,
we will continue to update and enhance our emissions calculations
and disclosures in line with evolving best practice and the GHG
Protocol. This will also include bringing new Scope 3 categories
into our carbon feotorint calculation that are appropriate for
assessing the impacts of our business model, geographic reach,
and professional services profile.


===== page 50 =====
Carbon reduction

Our efforts to reduce carbon emissions include continuing to
work with service providers and property managers to expand
our purchase of renewable energy globally, as well as working
with our clients to minimise business travel wherever practical,
Alongside the initiatives af our giobai CSR team, we continue to
raise awareness and educate our people aboul the environmental
impacts of activities. We encourage them to think about
implementing measures that could reduce our carbon footprint,
such as in travel, whilst still considering our commitments to
{ultiting client relationships and service delivery.

Adherence to mandatary and voluntary initiatives, notably ESOS
in the UX, Ecovadis in France, and TCFD and CDP globally, all
support and help deliver against our environmental strategy,
performance and journey towards net zero.

47

Annual! Report & Accounts 2024

Reviewing and potentially expending our Scope 3 GHG emissions
reporting will be a part of developing our net zero plans as we
consider the materiality of our supply chain and aim to increase
understanding and explanation of our carbon footprint. We will
use this work to seek opportunities to reduce the Group's impact
on the environment.

Environmental reporting and disclosures

We have calculated our carbon emissions and reporting in ine
with SEGR, as wall as valuntary reporting of selected supply
chain Scope 3) emissions, and Groue-wide energy usage and
resulting emissions.

SECR table
Emissions
FY 29100,0 FY 22 1CO,e
Giooat Ss fos ba
Scope _ Activity UK excl UK Total «UK excl UK Total. «= UK exe UK
2 Purchased heat 523 931 «192770 dT BC.
Purchased electricity 730 192 «598 «925.8 OY 186
3 ~ ~~ Flights” ~ "2,378.9 756.1 16178 1,125.7 3698 755.9 3337 1505 183.2
Public transport 45.2 204.2 2410 18667 6558 9108 123 94 29
Taxis/car mileage 27476981 WOT 888 SB OTB
Working from home 326 477 1849 «27474 1033 1848 GB «967
~ ~  yotalS~COCOS 99.7 1,2079 2,211.8 3,156.3 1,200.0 1,956.3 553.4 243.6 300.8
Energy
FY 24 MWh. FY 23 MWh FY 22 MWh
a Global a Global a Global :
Scope tity Uk eek Total UK ech UK Tota UK onal Uk
2 Purchased heat 163.2 454-3886 1225 «2861 65.8 SOT ST
Purchased electricity 225.2 1765 2215 802 1413 1587 1049 548
Fost 388.4 221.9 5801 2027 377.4 224.5 185.0 68.5
intensity Metrics
FY 24 FY 23 FY 22
Gopal “Global Gtobat
Scope A ity Total UK excl. UK Total UK axcl. UK Tatal UK excl. UK
2a3  gfmofrevenue = i(t«iH SCS 14D UBT BTA HS ISBO 721859
_ 7 Tico,eperemofrevenue 145 132 184 138 137 1388 858.4

Notes.

+ Alpha dees sot have any sfhees vinera t sana.r 2an:9 8 tna bollers, ut rather purchases Naat fram each bs Kérig s maragement: hen:

Classen as Soce 2 emesiars aed 78 assonaled conversion Igor has ner Seu
Normaive our ting-party groviger hag .se4 Sucbage BLS, Detra
Graecnouss Gae Protoce ~ Sareora'e Stan)
Jihera we hana net beer aa". te-ablar

We are aecoader” an our sereice oro: gers ang Mice management sempanies provid

Where w* ravshest rae rot o8e9 -ecoried 7 ou" eeparse systems for rove) CSS Ne MH L.Ed

We rarsumEt OF OF a-SUNE 12d Bas S|

‘rent andl ther scurcas "er amissians facksrs The accouming methocioiegy Narmian se Yolows the
[Spr cup i tna working rer namie calcu aon thawing the Fraaet Momearking E-niss.ans Wintepaper 220.
aot Jala we ave Uses eslmatons # me wit the GHG Derparate Reports Hast sdorgy

spend gaged “eincaoiogy in ine withhe SHS Compare Rayerira verrogelegy

wyaccurate usta

alphatms.com

g
g
3
s
5
2
3
3
H
&



===== page 51 =====
48 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

so gtegis Rage

Task Force on Climate-Related
Financial Disclosures

aoike the ¢

eo raendetes

‘This is the first time that the Group has reported in line with TOFD.
‘The associated analysis and disclosures allow us to identify and
monitor the impact of climate on our business and are being

overseen by the FSG Committee of the Board with support from,

the Group Responsible Business team

Governance

The Audit anc! Risk Committee considered numerous
climate-related risks that might impact the Group but
concluded that none identified are principal risks to the Group.

The governance framework for managing risk,
which covers environmental risk (including
climate) and social risk, is available in the Risk
Management section of the Strategic Report

The ullimate responsibilty tor Group-wide risk
and opportunity governance lies with the Board
of Directors and can be viewad in the corparate
‘governance report. The Board has delegated
cartain responsibilities to the ESG Committee
and the Audit and Risk Committee to ensure that
the Company's overall strategic direction aligns
with its ESG goals. including climate-retated
objectives and risk management.

The ESG Curinittize has specitis responsibilty
for considering chmate-related ESG risks and
‘opportunities in connection with the Company's
operations. It meets at least twice a yaar, with
part of these meetings dedicated to overseeing
the development and implementation of the Groups
ESG roacmap and strategy, which includes
climate-ralated risk and opportunity response
plans. After every meeting. an update is provided
to tha Board by the ESG Committee im the form
of minuted decisions and discussion to enable
alignment on ESG matters throughout the year.
For details of this process, soe the ESG
Committee report on pp 78-79.

Risk management

Significant findings and recommendations on
risks and opportunities from the ESG Committee
are integrated into tha broader risk management
framework overseen by the Audit and Risk
Comirittes. It meets at least thrae timas a year,
with sessions focused on evaluating the
Company's tisk policy aad principal risks,
inclucing those related to climate, The
significance of these climate-related risks Is
assessed, and the risk policy is updated annually.
Further deta is in the Risk Management section
of the Strategic Report on pp 52-56.

The ESG Committee is accountable for
converting priontties. incluuiiiy output from the
Board and the Audit and Risk Committee, into
actionable tasks within the ESG Roadmap.

The ESG Steering Committee is accountable for
defining the ESG roacimap, including climata-reiated
risk and opportunity response plans. Implementation
is managed by the decicated and appropriataly
skied Responsible Business team, with oversight
from the Group Head of Risk & Responsibie
Business. Alongside this, business contacts

and senior leaders across the Group are
engaged regularly.

Stakeholder fesdback 1s considered on an
‘ongoing basis. including that from iavestors and
clients, and we undertake Industry benchmarking
to help inform our ES strategy and climate
governance. There is also engagement with the
Remuneration Committes to ensure that any
aspects of remuneration linked to ESG-related
objectives are appropriately aligned to the ESG
roadmep and reflect investor and other expectations.

There is common membership of the ESG, the
Audit and Risk, and Remuneration Committees
teloeit thal each committee has a different Chair)
which facilitates a coordinated approach to risk
‘evaluation and management. Lines of communication
between the Chairs of these committees and the
Responsibie Business team are also mantained
‘outside of scheduled meetings to ensure ong
‘engagement and timaly responses to emerging
issues outside of the scheduled meetings.

Retevant reports:
Ei risk management on pp 52-56

Ll corporate governance report
an pp 70-75

Ej ess committee report on pp 78-79

Alpha’s risk management framework combines
clear governance, robust processes and
controls, and @ strong culture of risk awareness
among all employees. Ciimate-related risks ancl
opportunities ara identified, assessed, ana
managed within the Group's existing framework,
taking both a top-down and bottom-up
approach. Details of this can be found in the Risk
Management section of the Stratagic Repart

Alongside our nsk management framework,
effective management of business sks including
being 2 good corporate citzen is embedded into
‘our performance management process which is
applicable to every employes across the Group,

This is the first year Alpha hes undertaken
reporting in line with FCFD. Whist we already
idontily the olrmate-related risks as part of the
risk management framework, we also conducted

a scenario analysis to identify and assess
cimate-relatec opportunities that present
to the business see p. 51

Relevant reports:

[ig Risk management on pp 52-56

23 The ESS Steering Committee includes the Gniaf Execute OMicer, Group Maraging Direnter. and Group Head a1 Piss & Responsible Business,

atphafme.com


===== page 52 =====
Strategy

‘As part of our first TOFD asgned climate impact
assessment, we conducted a qualitative scenariy
analysis to test the long-term restience of our
business with consieratians across the whoie
Group. Two scenarios were chosen, which stress
losted the extremes of potential future states ~
Intense physical climate change in the “Hot
House World”, and a proactive transition to a
low-carbon workd in the "Net Zero by 2050"

1, Hot House Wort
rise of 4°C by 2100.

esuilts in a temperature,

2, Net Zero by 2050: jints warming to <2°C

iby 2100.
‘The impacts of the risks and opportunities
‘were assessed agains! three tme-honzons

Short-term: FY 25 — ocourring sow
or imminently

Medium-term: FY 26 to FY 28 aligns with
the Group's medum-term office leases and
service arrangements, new business
actives, and the current strategy to double
the business by 2028,

Long-term: FY 29 to FY 50 aligns to the
UK Government's Nat Zero pledge and the
longer-term potential physical impacts of
climate change.

Metrics and targets

Acrange of risks and opportunites were assessed
in the sconang analysis against the ikelinogd of
‘curring in the three timeframes and the financial
exposure ta the Group. All were considerad against
the risk policy for scciel and environment risks
and none are considered material [»5% of our
annual spend), This is primarily dus to the nature
of the professional services industry wa operate
in, 28 well 4s our business model, including the
Jocations of our affices and the flexiuilly of our
operating modiel.

The analysis indicated that olimate risks are not
expected to have a significant impact on our
‘business. particularly in the short to medium-term,
‘Thera may be a level of impact in te long-term,
which wil be monitored via our risk management
jramework, Overall, the analysis highlighted the
olimate reattence of eur business, and inaicated
the potential for groath in some of our products
and seruces in response to the clmate transition.

We have reported the six risks and one
opportunity of mest significance, detailing the
impact and our response, alongside tne scenano
analysis output, on the next two pages. These
‘were included in uF reporting as they were
doomed to have a medium oF high ikellxo0d of
ngeurang access one or more of either of the
scenario timeframes, and/or to have a medium
Financia exposure rating,

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 49

‘These risks will continue to be moritored by the
‘Audit and Risk Commitige and are recorded in
the Fisk register for monitoring, The Group
requiany reviews and updates policies le ensure
compliance with all applicable enwranmental end
0012 segulatory standards, and this is captures
suthin the “reguiatory environment” principal tisk,
hich can be found in the Peneipal Risks ant
Uncertainties section cf the Strategic Report.

g
Ff
5
cs
3
2
Ey
3
3
3

‘As par ihe regulauon, we vill repeat the scenario
analysis of climate-ralated risks and opportunities
in three yoars, # the business modal undergoes
signiticant change, or if the reguiation guidance.
changes - whichever is sooner.

Relevant reports:

Cll ctimate-retated risk and opportunity
matrix on pp 50-51

[il ctimate-related risk and opportunity
soenari analysis on p61

Ci Principat risks and uncertainties on
pp 57-60

Alpha is curently menitonng and reporting or
Scope 2 and selected Scope & greenhouse gas
[GHG" emissions, whieh provide ongoing
metrics 10 help m assessing the Group's
management of iis climato-relatad transition risks
and opperiunities..

The Group is committed to Nat Zere, and in this,
coming nancial year will develop its Nat Zero
target and pian, which includes baselining our

22-The statement tnat tre Alpha Groups graerh alanhas 3° animiton te 340

she -“narsng of he "akRover Code. Thene can be ro certanty
Aigea s growth tc after mater ally rar. expressed arnito™

emissions, This vill allow for more detavad risk
ana performance tracking and wil be overseen
by the ESG Committee once tuly implarented.

The GHG matnes and the Net Zera target wil
also be integrated wnio Alphe's risk management
framework, enguring that we align our strateqic
decision-making processes with our long-term
climate objectives.

rat Apia sl

re ava al ts busmess oy 2028s agpratinnal any and shauid act 08 construed as soft tarecast
1 SuBIEC" 16 V9.8 BBSLIMOIONS, HEkS aro NCEA

Relevant reports:

{El Reporting on our Scope 2 and 3 carbon
emissions, and our SECR report can be
found onp. 47

rep tat coud

alphatme.com


===== page 53 =====
50 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Climate-related risk and opportunity matrix

Physical climate rinies

Theme Description and impact Response plan

Chronic (longer term An increase in extreme weather events ora Aipha’s largest revenue generating offices are primarily located in areas where acute
shifls in weather chronic/prolonged higher temperatures and anc! chronic climate risk is lower (UK, East Coast US). Offices in higher isk areas such
patterns) and Acute —_sea levels, may resull in potential business as Australia and California constitute a smaller percentage of cur revenue — however,
(increased frequency disruption and loss of service. Examples of they wall still be monitored and planned for.

and severity of extreme this include:

weather events} Regardless, we have business confinuity and disaster recovery policies that are

— Properly damage, and potential reqularly reviewed and updated, to handle emergencies affectivaly. in addition,
fegal liabihties: we have a robust flexible working framework which has been tried and tested with
Challenges fcr office cooling, and success during the COVID-19 pandemic. This enables wark fo continue when offices

increases in energy cosis to control may be inaccessibie

these ermironments, Moving forwards. we will consider climate-risk factors in our decision process when

— Lowered team morale and wellbeing, _—_obliainingyleasing new office spaces for cur team. including any offshore arrangements,
ability to work, and physical heaith; and that may be pursued,
‘Adaitional cisruption in parts of our We utilise global enterprise grade cloud-based data centre providers that have strong
business or our supplier's dusiness business conitnulty processes and ere investing in climate adaptations/Net Zero

Outside of our core operational iocations. ai anment, mitigating against the risk of data centre disruption and price rises.
‘This may impact project delivery and the
Group's supply chain, and negatively affect
‘our reputation and revenue.

Transition risks:

Theme Description and im, _

Regulatory Potentia' for higher costs incurred for energy Due to the business madiel and industry of the Group, our energy consumtion and

(policy and legal) ‘consumption, and via transportation, and transportation costs are relativaly low. However, we will manitor the cost of any
carbon taxation/offset requirements, potential carbon taxes and consider the impact on our operations,

Failure to comply with evolving reguialions We will continue to monitor tor new climate-related regulations to enable a response

related to GHG emissions could resutin. ine timaly ‘manner to help mitigate nsk of fines and erigage external support if required.
financial penalties. legai risks, anddamage — We have a well-defined process for identifying and managing regulations that may
to the firrn’s reputation, impact the Group whieh includes

— Ongoing Aorizon scanning across Alpha's geographies and markets in order to
idenbfy and meet ernorging requirements in all contexts: as a consultancy provider,
allisted company, and a business organisation:

~ Ragular engagement and proactive dialogue with regulaters, industry bodies and
advsers, ag well as Alpe’ own client Reguiatory Compliance Consulting practice:

—  Reguiar review and upciate of the Group's policies and processes to promote and
ensure compliance with ail applicable requiations; and
Ongoing diversification and expansion of the service offering, which can reduce tne
overall impact on the Group of particular new or changing regulation

Reputation ‘There is a potential for loss of revenue if we We will maintain open communication channals with clients, investors, and sugpiiers,
fall to meet nvestor, cent and supplier promptly addressing any concems or complaints, and demanstrating transparency
climate expectations and requirements. and integrity in all businass dealings. As nated above, we will scan for any incoming

regulatory demands thal these stakeholders may be subject to that require Aipha's,
input, to ensure we are responding effectively and delivering in jine with these.

If Aipha (or Alpha’s clients} make net zero’ We will set realistic and tangible targets based on available data and careful analysis
climate commitments that they are unable toto avoid the risk of them being unettainable. We will also seek to improve the available
achieve, this could impact Alpha's reputation data on an ongoing basis and are currently using @ third-party tool to help us track and
and result mn fost revenue. analyse our emissions impact. We are also pinning for 2 lrevel survey to obtain better
information on employee cornmuting, To ensure alignment and progress, we val conduct
regular audits, implement intemal controls, and provide ongoing staff training where relevant

From a client perspective, we will actively engage with them to promate responsible
‘environmental stewardship and support them in achieving their Net Zero targets.

Technology Moving to new applications, data ‘Our current systems presently support our reporting réquirements, but we wit monitor
management processes or technology inthis risk as itis Unlikely to impact the Group in the short to madium-torm. tn the long-term,
order to align with regulation or reporting moniloring the revenue, available debi, and cash reserves of the business will be
requiremants, or to support the Group's owa important fo ensure any potential Increased Costs are able to be absorbed,
environmental policies and climate targets,

‘which could incur higher costs for the business.

alphafme.com


===== page 54 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 51

_Description and impact ponse plan

Potential growing demand for consultancy Gur Solid growth over 20+ years, proves that we understand the structural drivers of
services that specialise in providing guidence the market, and ean innovate and enhance the service offaring accordingly, including
‘on sustainable practices, carbon footprint’ developing of market-leading technolagy ang data capabilities, This ws enabled by an
reduction, and climate risk management. It effective and coordinated director team working across multiple geographies and sectors,
‘may also open more opportunines for Alpha
to partner with technology and data-based
companies to deliver solutions and new
projects goroas Our propositions and
‘especialy alternatives. By leveraging its
expertise in ESG integration and chmmate
risk management, Alpha can attract new
chents, enhance its market share, and ive
revenue growth,

‘Tha Group wal proactively engage with our clents to understand their evolving needs
araund climate change, and 16 offer talored consultancy services and strategic
products that can heip them savigate new regulatory expectations, custamer and
investor demands, anc elimate challenges.

Increasing availabilty of new grean technetogy We monitor the avahabilty of new technology, and how it could positwely impact the
and improverients in existing techaptogy in Group if implemented.

response lo the climate transition vall open.
new opportunities to the Group and may
have @ positive impact including:

Technotogy

‘When engaging with suppliers in our procurement process, we will question them on
the technology used and the envwormental benetits or mplications of such to mor:
our decision-making process,
Reduced costs as technology becomes

more eficrent and less energy intensive;

Allty io Improve our technology stack

‘and supply chain to make it greener ano

feduce our emissions:

The opportunity to consolidate our

technology stack and move to one provider

that is the most ESG-tenaly, instead of

beng spread across multiple: and
~ etter availabilty of ESG data that wa

inform our clent projects and mternat

ESG decisions,

Climate-related risk and opportunity scenario analysis
tmpact
@righ Omedum — Low

 __tistnond .
Scenario 1: Hot House Scenario 2: Net Zero by 2050
Financial Fy26- FY29~ FY26- FY 29-
Risk type Fick _ Summary description __—==—==sexosres FY25 ‘py28 \PYSO FY25 FYZS \FYSO
ipsicet ‘Acute and Potortal buaness doupion and 8 oF Medium
= Chronie service ndvees by extreme/crrone o 9 o 9°
wwouthe eves
Regulstory "Hghe- costs de to cabo iow
taravonetiets
Failure 10 comply with evaiving regulation Low _ ~~ _
Reputation Faiureio esi chert and supplier Nat” Medium :

Zens woquirestents:

Aipha/Aipha's clents unable to achieve Low
their Net Zero oommmitments.

I

“tow

6,/98'9'0'0 @

Technology Higher cosis of enaranmentaly oO
jnendly technatogy
Products Increased demnand for 8SG sernces Mediums oO

and data services

Technology tnoreased avalanilty of green technolagy Low

8
|
ad

soared Law ¢ T's, Mecium 28H, Hhgh Scr

Financial exposure #sir-uied >: sta

alphatme.com

g
3
A
é
3
2
Fy
3
3
Ey



===== page 55 =====
alphafme.com

Overview

The Group's business organisation, and the industries in which
‘operates, expose it to a number of potential risks arising from
internal or external events and actions, The Group manages risk
actively and closely in order to limit potential adverse effects on
the implementation of its strategy, the financial performance and
on the interests of its clients, shareholders and employees.

The main objectives of the risk management
framework are to ensure that there is:

— Astrong corporate culture of risk awareness and
responsibility embedded at all levels of the organisation;

Mitigation of ongoing risk as far as possible, without
unduly affecting the Group's compatitivaness
and flexibility:

— Proactive identification and reporting of risk information,
with clear management and mitigation responsibilities; and

Provision of a suitable basis upon which the Audit and
Risk Committee and, ultimately, the Board can assess
the effectiveness of the Group's risk management and
internal controls.

Risk governance
The Board has overall responsibility for risk monitoring and
management at Aloha, and ensures that risks that could impact
the fulfilment of the Group's strategic objectives, including growth
trajectory, are monitored and managed effectively. The Audit ang
Risk Committee provides assurance to the Board on the
appropriateness of the Group’s risk processes, controls and
governance, ineiuding reporting.

The Audit and Risk Committee, alongside the Board, is responsible
for overseeing and reviewing the key risks facing the business,
ofincipally through the formal meetings of the Committee and
quarterly risk reporting. The Board decides whether these risks
should be avoided, mitigated or tolerated. Ths Group follows a
“top-down” and “bottom-up” approach te monitoring and managing
risks, Top-down strategic risk management is directed from the
Board and apolied through the actions of the executive team and
wider senior management. Bottom-up operational risk management
is implemented through the engagement, risk awareness and
corporate responsibility of ali Alpha employees, supported by
Alpha’s operations functions.


===== page 56 =====
Risk assessment

The effective management of risk requires governance, oversight
and management, all of which are key components of Alpha’s
robust risk management framework and underpin the Group's
abilty to execute its strategy and deiver long-term growth, !n managing
risk globally, Alpha identifies risks both strategically and on a daily
basis, closely monitoring risk exposures by ccnsidenng their
probability and potential impacts, and undertaking any management
actions to mitigate them with appropriate risk responses.

Alpha’s risk management framework is built around its business
model and strategy, and comprises six key components. All risk
management adheres to this process, which emphasises the
importance of business integrity, transparency and accauntabilty.
The framework is cyclical and ensures the effective hanaling of all
emerging and identified organisational, strategic and relevant
external risks, while permitting the opportunity for continual
monitering and improvement.

The Group's main tools for managing risks are its risk register
and its statement of risk appetite. Alpha's risk register records the
detaif of risks that could have @ material impact on the Group's
partormanee, financial resilience or reputation. It is overseen by
the Group Coordination Committee and mamtained using information
and perspectives from the core business and operations functions
of the Group (please see the risk management governance on

1p. 82 for more details)

For the risk register, risks are assessed Using a scoring system
that captures the likelihood of their occurrence and the impact
that they would have on the Group. This approach allows the
Graup to consider risks, identity trends and define responses
centrally and consistently.

Alpha’s approach to risk management

Risk appetite Responding to risks

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 53

The statement of risk appetite defines the type and amount of
risk that the Group is willing to take in order to achieve its strategic
objectives, which has been agreed by the Board. The Group then
assesses whether it is operating in line with its stated risk appetite
‘by monitoring movements in its key risk indicators, which are
incorporated in the Board's risk reports,

Group risks are reviewed, discussed and challenged centrally by
the executive team through the Group Coordination Committes.
The Group Coordination Committee, supported by Alpha’s Group
Risk function, considers the risks that are or could be of significant
impact to the business and its strategy, and determinas which
risks should be escalated to the Board. As the Group Coordination
Committee represents all areas of the business and operations,
itis also able to agree the approach to and coordinate the
implementation of relevant risk mitigation actions.

Reporting decisions are documented so that the assessment and
‘escalation approach can be reviewed by the Audit and Fisk Committee
as part of its assurance responshilties. In exceptional circumstances,
where the risk ig of @ sensitive business nature, it may be raised
on an individual basis with the Chief Executive Officer, who can
present that risk directly to the Board.

The most material current risks to the Group are presented
in the Annual Report as the principal risks and uncertainties
(see pp 57-80). The Board contirms that. having applied the
approach described above, a robust assessment of the
principal risks and uncertainties has been carried out.

We use our risk appetite tc tell us whch
risks we will and will not lolerais. We define
the level of risk we can support {H.M.L)

and anply qualtative limits on specitic risks
‘that can be monttored ("key risk incicators").

Risk context

We target risks that emerge frorn our
‘industry and operating environment ithe
“nak context". We use governance forums,
inglucing monthiy risk oversight and
bi-monthly business function meetings,

10 proactively capture and understand
emerging risks anc future events.

Assessing risks
We assess risk using 2 structured
process and consistent sconng approach.
vshich fakes account of probabibty and
ampect, The assessment of each is
documented cn the Group Risk Register.

We regularly review our risks, identity
trends and respond with actions trat alow
continuous improvement ang development
Invough systemabe horizon scanning and
ongoing assessments of external markets
‘events, to define key principal risks and
wider isk themes. Each risk must be
‘owned and updated by a Risk Owner,

‘iho is 2 member of the Group Coordination
Cornnmittee or Divisional Leadership,
Reporting risk

We provide assurance that risk is
managed, escalated, treated and
mingatad. Risk reports tram across the

Group, and the processes of control can
bbe assessed by the Audit & Risk Committes,

Governing risk
We govern risk through executive

oversight and responsitalties covering
all business areas.

$8

Corporate
risk culture

atphatme com

@
Fy
3
é
3
2
z
3
3
&



===== page 57 =====
54 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

part

Risk policy and categorisation

The Group's risk policy is reviewed at least annually and
enhanced periodically so that it remains relevant, taking into
account any emerging risks such as those linked to climate
change. As part of this, the Group ensures that it has effectively
identified the areas in which risks may arise, and could need to be
monitored or managed. Te de this, the Group categorises and
assesses risk exposures using the following main groupings

Operational risk

The Group's approach to minimising operational risk is to centralise
relevant processes and oversight frameworks through the leadership
team, which includes the Group Managing Director, and global
leads from Operations and IT, HR and Recruitment, Responsible
Business, Legal and Corporate Affairs, Operational risks are mitigated
through operational processes and, where required, projects that
are designed to strengthen the control environment, manage the
delivery of change effectively and protect Alpha’s competitive
standing with regard to peaple and quality of service,

Industry and market risk

The Group's approach to minimising industry risk is to undertake
a regular assessment of the market and its influencers, including
regulatory, political and structural change, and to maintain a close
dialogue with markel participants, such as clients, competitors
and industry bodies. This review is delivered through the Group's
defined corporate governance responsibilities, wherein the directors
and regional leadership manage those relationships on a day-to-day
basis and communicate the kay findings and perspectives to the
Group Coordination Committee and, in tum, to the Board of Diracters.

Financiat risk

The Group's approach to minimising financial risk is to manage
utilisation, day rates, costs and cash collection actively and
closely. The Group's target is for client projects to be chargeable
mainly on a time and materials basis, anc to ensure that consultants’
time is recorded and billed each month

alphatme.com

Otherwise, the Group ensures that any delivery-based
arrangements have clear milestones for invoicing, & considerable
amount of attention is paid to consultant utilisation and day rates,
and their alignment to budget, which are reviewed and monitored
by the heads of region aiongside the Group Finance team.

Environmental and social risk

The Group’s approach to minimising environmental and social
risk is predicated on maximising the benefits and minimising the
downsides of the Group's economia, social and anviranmental
impacts. Within this catagory, the Group monitors a number of
individual risks including transition risk, which is the risk inherent
in any changing strategies, policies or investments as part of any
“net zero” or other societal targets, and its ability to meet the
requirements of new regulation, Alpha has an ESG Committee
to oversee ESG risk management and moniter the delivery of the
Group's ESG strategy in addressing these matters,

Legal and commercial risk

As a proiessional services provider, Alpha recognises that it is
exposed to risk from inadequate contracts and commercial terms,
as well as claims by clients or other garties. The Group's approach
to minimising commercial and legal risk is to ensure that consistent
guidelines and terms are in place for all contractual arrangements,
which is overseen by the Group Head of Legal & Corgorate Affairs
This aporoach is reinforced through strong senior leadership
responsibility across relevant areas in which claims and dispute
could ocour, such as in client delivery. External advice is available
and sought where appropriate.

Any risk could impact more than one ot the above categories or
fall outside the above catagories. However, this categorisation
facilitates the processes of identifying the risks that the Group
faces and for distinguishing the risk appetite across the different
categories of risk,


===== page 58 =====
| Top down

| Top-down strategic risk management is

| directed from the Board and applied

through the actions of the executive

| team and wider senior management
within operations. The Group’s risk

| function supports the Board, Audit and

| Risk Committee, and senior management

| through regular reporting and cascading

| down processes and decisions about
the risk policy.

oS

|

Bottom up :

Bottom-up operational risk
management is implemented through
the engagement, risk awareness and
corporate responsibilty of all Alpha
employees. The Group's risk function
facilitates awareness and structured
risk assessment processes, and .
ensures an appropriate flow of risk
information and reporting upwards.

{EE core business functions can be found on p. 17

Annual Report & Accounts 2024

55

Corporate accountability for ris

— Assesses and reports on principal risks.
and uncertainties.

Board of

‘ — Agrees the risk appetite.
Directors

g
Fy
Fs
&
3
2
F
3
3
3

~ Agress the key risk indicators.

~ Determines sirategic action points.

Corporate assurance:
— Oversight of risk processes and procedure.

ravitit end Riek: ~ Internal control.
Conimittee:

— Assesses effectiveness of risk management
framework and reporting.

Executive responsibility:
— Monitors externai environment.

— Oversees business-level risk
management activities,

~ Monitors key risk indicators,
— Oversees strategic action points,
~ Ownership of the risk register.

~. Regular engagement with global
divisional leadership.

Strategic risk management:
— Oversees definition of the strategy.

~ Monitors execution to strategic objectives.

~ Identities and addresses risk to business strategy
and direction.

Operational risk managemen
-- Monitor operating environment,

— Identity, assess and mitigate operational risks.
— Implement strategic action points.

~ Execute poiicies, training and controls.

Operational risk identification:

~ Identify and report risks.
— Manage and own risks where relevant to role.
~ Participate in risk training and follow risk processes.

— Utilise risk toolkits and develop awareness,

alphatme.com


===== page 59 =====
56 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Steet vo Fann:

Enhancements to the risk management approach

The Group continues to review its risk managernent framework
annually and updates it to reflect any changes in the Group's risk
profile and its operating environment, During the past year, a
number of enhancements were introduced to Alpha’s risk
management framework. These include:

- Continuing to review and update the Group's risk governance
to capture the Group's business forums correctly and the
integration of any new teams or functions. In the year, this
included the integration of the Shoreline business into Alpha’s
risk monitoring for APAC:

— Amendments to Board risk reporting te align with the review
and update of the principal risks in the year. This included the
alignment of key risk indicators to support the assessment of
those material risks, and increased reporting cycles to ensure
ongoing and active risk reporting to the Board;

— Further focus on ESG as this topic continues to grow in terms
of regulation, reoutational consideration and reporting. This
included updating the framework to clarify the responsibilities
of the Responsible Business function in managing ESG-releted
tasks and climate change risks:

— Continuing to build positive engagement and nurture a
risk-aware culture across the Alpha business. This has been
enacted through relevant communications. attending company
meetings to spotlight and support risk topics, and knowledge:
sharing on business-related matters, including enhancements
in the year to client due diligence coordination;

Further development of risk governance with key operational
functions and regional business leadership to ensure regular
touchpoints, proactive risk-based discussions and consistent
approaches. This included bringing together the Management
Consulting and Tachnology Consulting risk review given the
closer collaboration on market and delivery approaches across.
the two disciplines; and

Advancements in artificial inteligence (‘AI’) are prominent in the
landscape and present an opportunity far professional services
firms like Alpha to adapt accordingly. At the same time, the
Group must proactively identify any adoption or security risks
that this presents. Aipha’s interna! governance around technology
advancements, including A\, incluces representation from IT,
Legal and Risk to support this assessment.

In aiming to balance successfully corporate growth and
development with the consideration and management of key
risks, Alpha reviews its risk framework and the need for any
enhancements at least annually. Following the year end, an
internal audit was also initiated on the Group’s risk management
practices and processes, facilitated by Grant Thornton to provide
assurance of Alpha’s risk management framework in identifying,
assessing and managing risks.

alphafme.com

Financial risk management

The Group has established internal controi and risk management
structures in relation to the process for preparing the consclicated
financial statements. The key features of this framework are:

— The Group’s executive team understands the importance of
internal control and of adhering to the principles of risk
mitigation on a global, operational basis:

The Audit and Risk Committee has primary responsibility fer
reviewing the quality of internal controls and checks, to ensure
that the financial performance of the Group can be properly
measured and reported on:

— The Chief Financial Officer and Finance team regularly monitor
and consider developments in accounting regulations and best
oractice in financial reporting and, where appropriate, reffect
davelopments in the consolidated financial statements:

— The Group's results are subject to various levels of review
within the Group's finance and management teams:

Both the Audit and Risk Committee and the Board review the
draft consolidated financial staternents;

The Audit and Risk Committee receives reports from senior
management and the external auditor on significant judgements
or estimates, changes in accounting policies, changes in
accounting estimates and other pertinent matters relating to
the consolidated financial statements; anc

— The annual financial statements are subject to external audit.

Market-related risks

The global consulting market experienced a more competitive
environment during the financial year — ang the supply and
demand dynamics continue to rebalance. A longer sales cycle
remained in piace during the year, which Alpha navigated through
resiliently, taking appropriate approaches to reintorce its position,
including an ongoing focus on day rates, selective hiring in key
growth areas and active management of its cost base.

The Group sees improving market conditions and, with that, more
positive market sentiment returning towards the end of FY 24,
albeit at a slower pace than first envisaged. The Group continues
to see robust client demand and maintains a strong pipeline of
new business opportunities. Thase factors, together with the
strong long-term structural growth drivers that underpin demand
for Alpha's services and the Group's compelling proposition to
clients, provides confidence that the Group is still well positioned
for continued growth.

Alpha continugs to monitor caretuly the dynamics and risks
associated with the competitive market environment, which is
captured within the macro principal ris.

The Directors and the senior management team also continue to
monitor closely the situations in Ukraine, Israel and Gaza as they
evolve. Alpha’s operational fociprint does not extend to those
particular areas, and we do not service clients based in those
territories, Currently, the principal risk to Alpha is trom the wider
possible market impacts to the economy please see “Geopolitical”
‘on p. 58 for more information), however we continue to track and
assess the risk of the conflict encompassing wider parts of the
Middle East region.


===== page 60 =====
Annuai Report & Accounts 2024 57

Overview of our principal risks and uncertainties

Risk Netrisk rating Risk trend Net risk rating
ose Ditigh SSMecium — Low
8B Macro a
Risk trend
Geopolitical me &

GB Seopotea " a Bincreasing “No change J Decreasing

4B Business strategy aa

#3 Data security ined ®

£3 Acquisition and integration a =

GB People Bs 4

@® Quatity of service m &

€B competitors a %

$B Regulatory environment a @
& Macro Net risk rating EIB Risktrend S
Risk Mitigating factors
Risk that wider market, secnomic, Monitoring of key business and growth activities within the Group's geographical locations
commercial and financial risks can and sectors, while consistently engaging with key internal stakeholders to identify, and
impact the Group's ability to pian 2round, significant trends or events,

service clients, their demand for
consultancy and technology
services and, therefore, the
Group's own performance — Business model that is responsive to change and regularly reviewed, and a proven record
and financial position. of developing the propasition successtully to anticipate and meet client needs.

— Regular horizon scanning to identify and assess emerging risks and to ensure an effective,
coordinated response to any macro challenges that are identified.

— Ongoing diversification and expansion of the service offering, which can reduce the
overall impact on the Group of particutar restrictions or challenges in certain geographies
or markets where Aipha is operating.

alphatme.com

Hodey o16e1e.95


===== page 61 =====
58 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Risk that external events and crises
an bring significant uncertainty,
volatility, and fraglity to geopolitics
and markets, which can impact
both the Group's operating model,
employees and ability to deliver on
its strategic objectives.

© Business strategy

Net nskrating {3} Risk trend 3

Mitigating factors

~- Regular engagement with regional business leads to identify any changes in the
geopolitical landscape, as well as considering risks in potential new geographies or
operating locations.

- Use of external advisers, international third-party risk and global assistance information to
provide real-time secunty information, risk assessments, news alerts and forecasts for the
timely detection of geopolitical risks and global security events.

Global management governance that is highly responsive to emerging events, and market
and geopolitical trends - and ensures an effective, coordinated response to any
challenges that emerge.

A strong track record of considering necessary changes to delivery approaches,
operating locations and business focuses; alongside a comprehensive HA and support
framework for employees affected by external events, crises and challenges.

Net risk rating QJ Risk vend 23}

Risk

Risk that the Group responds
inadequately to changing market
factors and/or opportunities,
including technological
advancements and disruptors. The
success of the Group's strategy
depends on anticipating changes
and developing a proposition that
best serves its clients.

aiphafme.com

Mitigating factors

~. Robust business model that involves proactive and adaptive planning and execution,
alongside strong governance at a market, sector and service offering level to enable close
review of performance and identify any changes to the Group strategy in line with evolving
market factors.

Proven ability, through successful growth and expansion aver 20+ years, to
understand the structural drivers of the market, and to innovate and enhance the
service offering accordingly, inciuding the development of market-leading technology
and data cagabilties.

~ The Group continues to support and drive client demand by identifying and investing
in new market-leading service propositions and developing technology complements
to support clients across the financial services sectors in which it operates.

— Strong visibility of market advancements and growth opportunities, enabled through
an effective and coordinated director team working across multiple geographies and
sectors, and a roadmap to increase the business both organically and inorganically.


===== page 62 =====
#P Data security

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 $9

Nel gk rating #2} Risktrend FE

Risk
Risk of cyber attacks, security
breaches and data mishandling,
leading to consequent risks to
olignt data, loss of integrity or
availability of core data

3 Acquisition and integration

Risk of failure of the Group to
select, complete and integrate
businesses that contribute
Positively to the business model
and growth strategy.

4} People

Risk

Risk of failure to attract, incentivise
and retain the best people with the
right capabilities across all
propositions, levels and geographies.
Afailure to undertake effective
succession planning for key roles
could also adversely increase this
risk and impact performance.

itigating factors
Acomprehensive suits of data protection and information security policies, overseen
by the Information Security function, to monitor and ensure compliance with,
processing agreements across key stakehoiders and suppliers.

— IT Operations function collaborates with proficient external partners to facilitate
the global delivery of the Group’s internal and client-facing IT services.

— Best practice controls to prevent, detact and respond quickly to any cybersecurity
events and data handling anomalies,

Policies, processes, testing and training are in place to define the standards of control
and educate staff on the operating context and potentiai risks, including the constantly
evolving cyber risk landscape.

Netriskrating 2} Risk trend

Mitigating factors

Full acquisition due dligence and integration framework, including analysis, planning
and mitigation as part of the uptront framework and dedicated integration projects with
workstreams across business, commercials and operalions for each acquisition

— The Group's extensive experiance of working with clients on high-profile acquisition
and integration frameworks is leveraged and constantly refined through the Group's
‘own acauisition activities.

Continuous monitoring of the market for acquisition opportunities that would support
the Group's strategy, positively enhance the offering and client satisfaction, and! align
with Alpha's culture and values.

— Dedicated project teams assess and integrate the acquirad entities, people, processes
and systems into the Group and also ensures compliance to Allpha’s standards.

Net risk rating I] Risktrend

itigating factors
Unique culture that values diversity, nclusivity, high performance, meritocracy, scciability,
and support, accompanied by @ broad and responsive support structure ~ incorporating
HR, individual mentors, and external advice schemes — to ensure a continuous focus

on our values and culture, alongside a robust set of policies.

— Rigorous in-house recruitment process, which targets the highest calibre consultants
in the industry, demonstrated through Aloha’s record of attracting top tatent versus
the competition and increasing headcount,

- Competitive, regularly benchmarked remuneration package with benefits for career
development, recognitian, and participation in profit-sharing or cash bonus.

— Extensive focus on retention, building capabilities, and providing targeted learning
and development opportunities with a hypertocus on support. career development,
and effective succession planning,

alphatme cam

2
Ff
&
a
5
z
3
3g
3
a



===== page 63 =====
60 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Quality of service Net risk rating J Risk wend J

Risk Mitigating factors

Failure to maintain quality of service Clearly defined terms agreed up front, ensuring that each delivery framework
on client delivery engagements. is appropriate and the delivery objectives are achievable.

-- Clear client account ownership structures to ensure accountability for client relationships,
from opportunity generation, to ongoing monitoring of client satisfaction ang futfilment
of agreed delivery criteria.

— Dynamic and integrated risk management framework, which encompasses service
delivery oversight, to support the Group's focus on delivery excellence and eariy risk
identification, and promotes business collaboration on both opportunities and challenges.

— Close attention to olient satisfaction and retention in the market, as wall as the generation
of ré-sell and cross-sell opportunities, demonstrating the strength of the Group's full client
proposition suite and consistency of reputation for quality across all business areas

fa) Competitors Net risk rating Mf Risk trend 3%
Risk Mitigating factors
Risk that a competitor or new — Continual development and investment in key compatitive differentiators, including:

entrant may be able to achieve
success and win work from the
Group's existing clients. Less

— Highly focused sector proposition, working exclusively in asset and wealth
management, alternatives and insurance sectors;

mature or more specialist — Strong, global reputation amongst clients, with the broad and deep expertise,

propositions, which the Group and very high quality of the Alpha teams as a key competitive advantage;

chooses to develop, may present — In developing new specialist propositions, Alpha leverages its strong global client

less of a competitive advantage. relationships and extensive industry insights to earn competitive advantage fram
an early stage; and

— Monitoring of the market to identify and assess any changes in compstitive position,
including growth rates and the link between demand and suoply overall.

i risk rating 3
@ Regulatory environment Netrisk rating Risk trend

Risk Mitigating factors
Risk that the Group does not — Ongeing herizen scanning and regulatory assessment across Alpha's gsographies
successfully identify, address and/ and markets in order to identify and meet emerging requirements in all contexts:
or meet forthcoming regulation, or as a consultancy provider, a listed company, and a business orgenisation.

that the business model and
strategy are materially impacted by
legal and regulatory changes that
restrict the service offering or
access to key markets. — Regular review and update of the Group's policies and processes to promote and
ensure compliance with ali applicable regulations (including ESG regulatory standarcis)

~ Regular engagement and proactive dialogue with regulators, industry bodies and
advisers, as well as Alpha's own client Regulatory Compliance Consulting practice,
to complement horizon scanning and fully assess regulatory and legal changes.

Ongoing diversification and expansion of the service offering, which can reduce the
overall impact on the Group of particutar new or changing regulation while relevant
responses ére implemented.

alphatme.com


===== page 64 =====
Non-financial information
and sustainability statement

Reporting Principal locations in this
requirement Annual Report Pages
Business model Business model - Strategic Report 6-7

Fisk management and principal risks and
uncertainties ~ Strategic Report

Principal risks

Non-financial
KPIs

Key performance naicators ~ Strategie Report

Environmental Sustainable business - Strategic Report

matters,
including -
climate-related TOFD statement
disclosures ESG Committee report
Employees Looking alter our people ~ Strategic Flepor!

Human rights,

anti-corruption Aust and Risk Gommuttes report ~ 80-83
and anti-bribery Corporate Governance _ _ . _
SASB disclosure 154-157

‘Looking after our people ~ Strategie Report
Sustainable business ~ Strategie Report

The Strategic Report was approved by the Board of Directors on 20 June 2024
By order of the Board.

Luc Baqué
Chin® Eve

Annuai Report & Accounts 2024 61

g
3
3
cS
o
2
Fy
3
3
3

Summary of business apptication

An explanation af the Group's business model is gwvenin the
business model section of the Strategic Report

The Boare's process for considering and ‘eviewing pnneipal
risks is outlined 17 the nsk management and principal sks and

The Board approves non-financial KPIs, such as headcount
and clients, More information on these can be found in the
key performance incicators section af the Strategie Report.

Information on the Group's corporate social responsitalty
objectives, policy and the Group's environmental focus. 1s provided
in the sustainable business section of the Strategic Revert,

Information on elimate-related risks and opportunities and the
governance arrangements that are in place to assess and
manage these, are included the TOFD statemem,

‘Cur employee-related polis and procedures are available
10 all employees ~ this includes policies around wellbeing.
380 feedback, parental teave, atc. ,

‘Mare information on how we look after our people is previclen
in the sustanable business and section 172 statement sections.

The Group's Corporate Compliance Manuals avaiable on the
Atpha website and is made available to all employees.

Our anti-bribery and whistieblowing review procasses are

set outin the Annuat Report, The policies are availaiie to

all employees and are contained in the Group's Corporate
Compliance Manual vhich 3 puhshed on the Alpha website

‘ur human rights aparoach is detailed in our sustainable
business section in the Strategic Repor

Details around our corporate social responsibility aporeach
are explaned in the sustainable business section,

alphatme.com


===== page 65 =====
62 Annual Report & Accounts 2024



===== page 66 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 63

Corporate
Governance

84 Chairman's introduction

66 Board of Directors

68 Corporate Governance ( Code

70 Corporate governance report

7B "ESG Committes report _

9
g
3
B
rs
8
2
2
a
3
Ff
3
$

80 Audit and Risk Commitiee report

84 Remuneration Committee report

95 Directors’ report

98 Staternent of Directors" responsibilities

99 Independent auditor's report

Director.
FTSE 100 advice leader

alpnaime.com


===== page 67 =====
64 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Dare Abe OS

Chairman's introduction

Ken Fry
Charman

BL ognise :

rare

sags menodizig

managing r

pron responsible

bing

ure ard

An introduction from the Chairman

As Directors of the Board, we understand that an engaged
Board and an effective committee structure facilitates tne good
governance of the entire Group. As such, we have developed our
governance structure to support the Group's continued success
and growth. The Board has an Audit and Risk Committee, a.
Remuneration Committee, a Nomination Committee and an

ESG Committes, each with formal delegated duties and responsibilities.
The structure of the Board and its committees, together with the
executive management of the Group, is set out in the corporate
governance report on pp 70-75.

The role of the Chairman is to lead the Soard and be responsible
for its governance, performance and effectiveness, The Chairman
sets the tone for the Company and ensures that the links between
the Board and the executive team, as wall as between the Board
anc the shareholders, are strong and efficient.

Recommended cash offer to acquire the Group

On 20 June 2024, the Board of Directors announced a
recommended cash offer to acquire Alpha by Actium Bideo (UK)
Limited, a newly incorporated indirect subsidiary of certain funds
managed by Bridgegoint Advisers Limited, which is expected

to be implemented by way of a scheme of arrangement (the
“Offer’), Completion of this Offer wil be subject to approval by
shareholders at a Court meeting and a General Meeting, The
timings and arrangements for these meetings will be confirmed
ina scheme document to be sent to shareholders. Furthar information
on the Offer can be found on the Company's website

alphatme.com

Should the Offer be aoproved by shareholders, upon comoletion
of the Offer the Company is exnected to be re-registered as a
private company, and will therefore no longer be subject to the
regulatory and governance framework applicable to public
companies. Upon completion of the Offer, it is the intention

of the Independent Directors to step down from the Board.

As at the publication date of this report, the Company's shares
remain admitted to trading on the AIM market and the provisions
of the AIM Pules for Companigs and the QCA Corporate Governance
Code continue to apply to the Company. Certain aspects of the
governance disclosures set out this report relate to the Group's
governance arrangements and areas of focus for FY 25, including
the Group's new Remuneration Policy as in effect from 1 April 2024.
These arrangements remain in place as at the date of publication
of this report arid will continue to apply to the Group up to the
date of completion of the Offer.

The progress of the Offer in the coming weeks will determine
whether the Company is required to hold its 2024 Annual General
Meeting. A further update will be provided to shareholders on this
matter in due course.

Compliance with the QCA Corporate
Governance Code

in recognising the importance of high standards of corporate
governance, integrity and business ethics, the Boarc! continued te
apply the 2018 Quoted Compary Alliance Corporate Governance
Code tthe “2018 QCA Code’) during the year ended 31 Maren 2024
A description of how the Board has applied the principles of this,
Code is provided on pp 68-89. The corporate governance report
on np 70-75 sets out further information about the Group's
governance framework.

The Directors recognise the need to continue developing the
corporate governance structure and processes to reflect the
evolving requirements of the Group's shareholders, employees,
clients and wider stakeholders.

The Board has carefully considered the updates to the 2023
version of the Quoted Companies Corporate Governance Code
(the “2023 QCA Code"), and the Company has taken proactive
steps tc ensure that it is naw compliant with these new principles
or the financial year beginning 1 April 2024, Furthermore, a process
cof implementing a number of enhancements to our governance
framework has already commenced during the current year,
including bolstering the Board evaluation process and the evolution
of executive remuneration arrangements. We will report fully against
the 2023 QCA Code in our FY 25 Annual Report, in line with QCA
recommendations fi stl relevant, in view of the Orter),

FY 24 in focus

In FY 24, a number of developments relating to the Board structure
and governance framework, as outlined in the FY 23 Annual Report
became fully embedded, Luc Baqué formally teok on the role of
Chief Executive Officer on 1 April 2023, following the completion
of a thorcugh handover from Euan Fraser, the former Chief Executive
Officer. Euan supported the Board as a Strategic Adviser until

9 January 2024, which ensured a smooth transition,


===== page 68 =====
FY 24 also saw the first full financial year with the ESG Committee
in piace. This Committee afigns the Boarc’s environmental, social
and governance priorities and decision-making processes with
internal and external stakeholders, and it has averseen the shaping
and implementatian of a comprehensive ESG strategy, alongside
other disclosures, The Group was pleased to have published its
first Sustainability Report and public UK Gender Pay Gap report
on its website, and its first TCFD report is published within this
Annual Report and Accounts (see pp 48-81), The Group's ESG
Committee rapart on pp 78-79 sets out this Committee's
activities during FY 24 and its priorities tor FY 26 in more detail.

Several new initiatives and enhancements to the governance
framework commenced during FY 24 and will continue to evolve
in FY 25, The Remuneration Committee, with the guidance of an
external specialist remuneration consultant, undertook a comprehensive
review of the Group's remuneration arrangements for the Executive
Directors and senior management. This has culrninated in a new
Remuneration Policy for FY 25, which is more closaly aligned with
current best practice for a large AIM-quoted business. Details can
be found in the Remuneration Committee report on pp 84-94.

An important element of this process was preactively consulting
with our major shareholders to seek their views on the proposals
before implementation.

The Group also took steps to strengthen an already robust risk
management process. Under the superuision and ditection of the
Audit and Risk Committee, the risk policy has been reviewed and
updated as part of the annual review process, and an external
firm has been engaged to provide internal audit services to
supplement the exsting audit process. Details of these developments
can be found in the Audit and Risk Committee report on pp 80-83

The Group appointed its frst in-house. fulttme Company Secretary
in June 2623, Following the competion of a structured transition
process trom Prism GoSec during the year, the Company Secretary
works closely with the Board. its committees and the Group's
stakeholders, to ensure the governance framework continues t©
2 robust and, important, is able to evolve in ling with best practice,

o
g
qd
8
8
é
:
&
Ft
Fa
8
3
3

In the coming year, the Board will continue to champion the
Group's positive culture and robust gavernance framework

and ensure that they remain appropriate and proportionate to
the Group’s size, complexity, risk profile, and strategic ambitions,
‘The Soard wilt implement further enhancements to the Group's
governance credentials during FY 25, including demonstrating
progress against the ESG roaaimap.

Stakeholders

The Board considers its key stakehoiders to be its employees,

its shareholders, its clients and the communities in which the
Group operates, and understands these relationships facilitate
its decision making at an executive level. A statement setting out
how the Directors have discharged their duties under Section 172
of the Companies Act 2066, including a description of how the
Group has engaged with its key stakeholders, is set out on

pp 31-35.

Corporate culture

The Directors believe that the Group's culture, together with a
strong emphasis on ntegrity, business ethics, and good corporate
governance, ensures its ability to execute the strategy. deliver the
right outcomes for the Group's clients, ang oreate value for
shareholders and other stakeholders.

The Board is able to promote and monitor the desired corporate
culture across the Group through its engagement with employes:
representatives, revew of relevant policies and decision making at
an executive level. The Group's culture and values are described
in the Looking After Our People section on pp 36-39.

Ken Fry
Cearrrar

atphafme.com


===== page 69 =====
66 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Derperate Gavar

Ken Fry Luc Baqué
independent Chief Executive Officer
Non-Executive Chairman

John Paton
Chief Financial Officer

Committee gees
membership
Torm of Ker joined the Aloha Board as a Non-Executive Luc was appointad as Chief Executive John joined Alpha as Chief Financial Officer
office Director in 2016 and was appointed Officer of Alpha on 1 April 2028. in 201
Non-Executive Chairman of the Group in
2018. in 2025. Ken wil have served on the
Board tor nine years, and succession planning
arrangements are therefore under consideration.
‘Committee Ken ts Chai of the Nomination Committee, Luc attends meetings of the Ausit and Risk, John regularly atlencis the Audit and Risk
membership and a member of the Audit and Risk ESG, Nomination and Remuneration ‘Committee meetings by invitation. He is also
Committee, the ESG Committae and the ‘Committees oy mutation when appropriate, _ invited to attend meetings of the ESG,
Remuneration Committee. Nomination, and Remuneration Committees
by invitation when appropriate,
Skills and Ken was Global Chief Operating Officer at Luc joined Alpha in 2010 as Head of Asset John is a chartered accountant with over
experience Aberdeen Asset Management for nearly 10 & Wealth Management Consulting France 25 years’ finanes, banking, corporate finance

External
appointments

alphatme.com

from 2010 to 2015. Haad af Asset & Wealth
Management Consulting - Europe from 2015
to 2020 and Global Head af Asset & Wealth
Management Consulting from 2020 unt his
appomtment as Chief Executive Officer of
the Group. Luc has over 20 years of experience
in the inaustry, Prior te joining Alpha, he was
Head of Change Management at UBS Wealth
Management in Paris tor five years. and
spent six years specialising in tinancial
services with Solving International, a
strategy management consultancy,

‘years and has over 30 years’ experience in
financial services. He has considerable
experionce integrating acquisitions within
the investment management industry end a
strong technology and operations backgmuinc!
having undertaken many transformational
projects during his career. He directed the
integration of major acquisitions white at
Aberdeen Asset Managemant, including
assets acquired from Deutsche Asset
Management, Credit Suisse Asset
Management and Scottish Widows

investment Partners.
Luc holds a Master's degree in Engineering

from Ecole Centrale de Marseille and completed
an Executive Program at the Stanford
University Graduate School of Business.

Ken keeps the skil's 70 support and deliver
the Group's strategy up to date by mantaining
a wide network of global contacts within the
financial services industry. He reguiarly
attends conferences and discussion forums
to keep abreast of industry issues and meets
with clients, employees, advisers and
institutional investors. He a'so advises on
M&A strategy within the investment
management and wealth industry.

As Chie! Executive Officer, Luc has to
understand and manage the interests of a
range of stakeholders, including employees,
clients, competitors and investors. Luc
snaintaing strong industry relationships,
which involves sharing of knowledge and
perspective on current themes and topics.

and accountancy practice experience. He
started his career at KPMG, working across
financial services audit, risk managament,
financial reporting governance, nsk and
intemal contro's, and systems implementations.
John joined Alpha from HSBC where he was
Director in both the Global Banking & Markets
and Commercial Banking drisiens in London.
Over hie 11-year tenure at HSBC, he advised
on avariely of M&A trensactions and led loan
finanengs for UK corporates. Prior to this, ne
focused on capttal raisings. including AIM
IPOs, While at Alpha, John has managed the
financial aspects of the acquisitions and
integrations of Axxsys and Obsidian Solutions
in 2019, Lionpoint in 2021 and Shoreline mn
May 202%.

He 1s a member of the institute of Charterect
Accountants of Scotiand, graduated LLB
(Hons trom the University of Aberdeen and
holds en Exeoulive MBA from the University
of Bristal and Ecole Nationale des Ponts st
Chaussées, France,

Joha's role involves deep knowladge of tha
Group's management, financial and operational
actiitas, and impaniant corporate and statutory
responsibilities. He also maintains a detailed
veew of industry, fnancial and reaulatory changes
and stays updated through dialogue with
adusers, regular technical reading, online
‘courses and attending relevant events,

Ker has no other signiticant commitments
or appointments to other publicly
traded companies



===== page 70 =====
Committee membership key
13 Audit and Risk Committee
EESG Committee

& Nomination Committe

33 Remuneration Committee
mohair

land

Penny Judd
Semor Independent
Non-Executive Director,

Penny loined the Alpha Soard as Senior
Independant Non-Executive Director in
February 2016.

Panny is Chair of the Remuneration
‘Committee and a mamber of the Audit ane
Risk, ESG anc Nomination Committees.

Penny has a strong public markets and
Sinancial services background, with over 30
years’ experience in compliance, regulation,
corporate finance and audit anc is a qualified
chartered accountant. Pror to joining Alpha,
Penny held the rales of Managing Director
and EMEA Head of Compliance at both
Nomura International ple and UBS AG.

She was Non-Executive Chair of PlusS00
Limited from 2016 to 2021

Penny maintains the skills to support and
deliver the Group's strategy through her
experience gamed Gn other listed company
hoards and has a wide network of contacts
in financial servicas and regulation. She
attends various conterances and events
‘covering relavant industry and governance
matters, and regularly meets wth a range of
advisers and institutional investors in AIM
and main market compares.

Ponny 1s currently Non-Executive Director
and Chair of the Augit ang Risk Committes:
of Trufin pic anc Teamt7 Group pic and
Non-Executive Chair of FAP Advisory Group
Pie, Penny 1s also Chatr of the Aud and Fis
Committee of Lendinvest pic as at the date
of this report, but wil step down fram this
roe with effect from the publication of
Lendinvest ple's annual resulls in July 2024

Jill May
Independent
Non-Executive Director

ill yoined the Alpha Board as 3
Non-Executive Director in July 2020.

Lillis Chair of the £SG Committee anda
member at the Audit and Risk, Nomination
and Remuneration Committees,

Lill has over 20 years’ experience in
investment banking, with hor executive
career spent working in corporate finance
for SG Warburg & Co. Lid (985-23) and
senior positions in group strategy at UBS,
vuhere she was @ Managing Director from
2001 to 2012, She was a Penel Member
(2013-18) and a Non-Executive Director
(2013-16) of the Conmpetition and Markets
Authonty (‘CMA and a Non-Execuieve
Diractor of the institute of Chartered
Accountants in Ergiand and Wales
ICAEW) 2018-19},

ill maintains a wide networ’ of contacts in
francial services and regulation, She attends
various conferences and events covering
colevant industry and ESS matters and stays
updated an ESG regulation and reporting
practice developments,

Jillie currently an External Member of the
Prudental Reguiaton Commies at the Bank
of Englend and a Non-Executue Director of
bran Property income Trust Limited ana JP
Morgan Claverhousa Investment Trust oc. She
salso an Aduser to the Strategy Committee of
Jamas Hambro and Partners. and a Trustee of
Tusk. a shanty supporting pragressive
conservation inihalives across Afnca,

geus

Maeve Byrne
Independent
Non-fxecutive Director

Maeve joined the Alpha Board as 2
Non-Executive Director on 16 Mey 2022.

Maeve is Chair of the Audit and Pisk
Committee and a mamber of the ESS.
Nomination and Remuneration Committees.

Maeve is a Fellow of the Institule of Chartered
Accountants in ireland andi has over 30 years’
‘uxpenence in financiai services. She started
hor caroor aS an auditor with KPMG ireland
and worked in several other KPMG international
offices in Europe and North Americs. Wit
KPMG. Maeve moved from audit te transaction
services where she was a Financial Services
Partner from 2002 be 2014, From 2010 te
2013, she was seconded to Royal Bank of
Scotland and the Non-Core Division, where
she was Chiel Financial Officer and a member
of the Group Finance Board and Risk &
Controt Committee, From 2014 to 2017, she
held senior executive rolas at the Royal Bank
of Scolland in Capital Resolutions Group and
Witkams & Glyn

Since 2017, Maeve nas focused on
transformation services, offering board
advisory services as an depencant
consultant. She has worked wih financial
sorvices companies meluging Santander
and clients in the fintech/neobank space,

Sha mamtans the skils to sunport and deliver
the Group's strategy by attending events
covenng relevart industry and governance
matters, particulary in relation to her rate as
Ghar of the Audit and Risk Commitee.

Maeve has no sigrsficant commitmants or
appointments t9 cther publicly traded companies,

Annual Report & Accounts 2024

alphatme.com

°
g
3
g
8g
3
2
2
3
3
3
3



===== page 71 =====
68 Annuat Report & Accounts 2024

The revised principles of the 2023 QCA Cade apply to financial years beginning on or after 1 April 2024 and, in accordance with the
QCA's recommendation, the Board wili disclose how it has applied the principles of the 2023 QCA Code in the FY 25 Annual Report
{it still relevant, in view of the Offer).

Section 1: Deliver growth

Principle 1:
Establish a strategy
and business model
that promote long-term
value for shareholders.

Principle 2:
Seek to understand

and meet sharenolder
needs and expectations.

Links to the following report section

The business model is premised upon delivering growth
through the cross-sell and up-sell of its high-quality
service offering to existing clients and the sale of its
services to new clients.

The strategy is to continue growing in both existing and
new jurisdictions by developing the service proposition.
In seeking to impiement its strategic aims, the Board
takes account of the expectations of the Group's
shareholder base in advition to its wider stakeholder

and social responsibilities.

The Group's ousiness model and strategy
are described in the Strategic Report on
pr 16-23.

Gcod, consistent engagement with sharehoiders is given
a high priority by the Board, The principal methods of
communication with shareholders are through regular,
direct executive-level engagement at mestings and capital
markets events, the Annual Report and Accounts, the
interim and ful-year results announcements, the Annual
General Meeting AGM") and the Group's website,
alphafme.com/investors.

The Chairman and Non-Executive Directors are available
to meet with shareholders, if required, to discuss any
itams of importance.

The Group's approach to shareholder
communications is described! in the corporate
governance report on pp 70-75.

The Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial
Officer and the Company Secretary act as
the main points of contact for shareholders
(company.secretary@aiphatme.com),

‘During the year, the Chair of the Remuneration
Committee offered to meet with major
shareholders in relation to the consultation
on the FY 25 Remuneration Policy.

Principle 3:
Take into account wider
stakeholder and social
responsibilities and
their implications fer
long-term success.

The Board, supported by the executive team, is committed
to operating a socially and ethically responsible company.

Engagement with stakeholders anc wider communities
ensures alignment of interests and faclilates good
decision making.

Principle 4:
Embed effective risk
management, considering
both opportunities and
threats, throughout

the organisation.

alphafme.com

The Board has overall responsibility for the Group's risk
management framework, including internal control and
risk management systems. In executing this role, it reguiarly
considers and reviews the risks and opportunities facing
the Alpha business.

The goal of the Board is to set dolicies that seek to reduce
ongoing risk as far as possible, without unduly affecting
the Group's competitiveness and flexibility,

Strategic Report on pp 31-35.

The Group’s community and corporate social
resconsibllity disclosure is provided as part
of the sustainable business section on

p. 45. A separate Sustainability Report is also
published on the Group's website,

The Group's engagement mode! with clients
and wider stakeholders is described in the

The Group's risk management framework
is described in the Strategic Report

on pp S2--56 and in the corporate
governance report on pp 70-75.


===== page 72 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 69

Section 2: Maintain a dynamic framework Links to the followng report section

Principle 5:

The Group believes that the Board's composition The Board’s composition and operating
Maintain the Board as a brings a desirable range of skills, personal qualities framework is described in the corporate
wel-unctioning, balance and professionat credentials, Suitable Board operations, _ governance report on po 70-75.
team led by the Chait. acosss to advice and administrative services, affective

induction of new Directors and a regular performance
assessment aiso ensure Board effectiveness,

Principle 6: Alphe’s Board needs to represent a range of skils and Biographical details of the Directors, including

Ensure that between competencies as an AiM-quoted provider of specialist rélevant experiences and how skill sets are

them, the Directors: consultancy services to the asset management, wealth kept up to date, are provided on pp 66-67,

nave the necessary management and insurance industries. The Boarc of the corporate governance report.

up-to-date experience, includes experience in public markets, financial services,

skills and capabilities. governance and audit, the consulting sector, and eee rahe at crac, ‘or
business Operations,

General Meetin:

Principle

The Board's objectives are to approve the Group's strategy, The Board's evaluation framework and
Evaluate Board budgets and key corporate activities, and oversee its FY 24 evaluation process are described
performance based on _ progress towards its goals. The Group has a orocess for __in the corporate governance report
clear and relevant evaluating the performance of the Soard, committees on op 7G-75 and the Nomination
objectives, seeking and individual Directors in respect of those objectives. Committee report on pp 76-77.
continuous
improvement
Principle 8: ‘The Board recognises its role in fostering and safeguarding The Group’s culture and values are
Promate a corporate —_ a culture of inclusion, responsibilty and openness, These discussed in the looking after our people

culture based on ethical values are embedded throughout the Group's leadership section on pp 36-39.

hi . sation. .
values and behaviours, and organisation. The ESG strategy and soaamap is overseen

by the ESG Committee and details of its role
and activities are included in the ESG
Committee report on pp 78-79.

The Group's Sustainability Report, which
can be found on the Alpha website at
aiphatmic.com/investors, also provides
supporting complementary information
on tha Group's ESG activities.

Principle 9: The Group operates an effective, streamlined governance A govemance chart is provided on p. 74 and
Maintain governance —_tramnework, In this ‘ramework, the Board supports the processes are described on pp 72-73 of the
Structures and processes executive team in developing and executing the Group's corporate governance report

that are fit for purpose —_strategy, and key decisions are reached through open and

and good decision constructive dialogue.
taking by the Board

Section 3: Build trust Links to the following report section

The Group places a great emphasis on high standards The governance of the Company, which

Principle 10:

Communicate how the: of corporate governance and effective engagement with is fed by the Board, is described in the
Company is governed its shareholders and stakeholders. In addition to the corporate governance report on pp 70-75.
andis performing by Annual Report and Accounts, the website is undated

The website, alonatmrc.convinvestors, provides
the Group's reports and presentations,
notices of AGM and results of voting on ait
resolutions at AGMs.

maintaining a dialogue regularly with information regarding the Group's activities
with sharehokiers and and perforrnance.
coilher relevant stakeholders.

alphatme.con

°
8
3
3
Fs
3
2
2
3
3
i



===== page 73 =====
70 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

“Lepore ots

Corporate governance report

Board composition

The Board comprises six Directors: the independent Non-Executive
Chairman, three independent Non-Executive Directors and two
Executive Directors.

Asa leading global provider of specialist consultancy services
to the financial services industry and an AIM-quoted company,
Alpha requires a range of skills, capabilities and competencies
to be represented on the Board, including experience in public
markets, financial services, governance and audit, the consulting
sector and business operations. The Board is confident that its
members have the appropriate balance of functional and sector
‘experience, skills, personal qualities and capabilities to provide
constructive support and challenge to the Executive Directors,
and! to deliver the strategy of the Group for the benefit of the
shareholders over the medium to long term, The biographies

of the Directors, including a summary of their relevant skills

and experience can be found on pp 66-67.

The Board also recognises that, as the Group evolves, the mix
of skills and experience required en the Board may evolve and
the Board composition will need to reflect those changes. The
Nomination Committee has responsibility for succession planning
for the Board, its committees and senior management.

A rigorous Board performance evaluation for FY 24 was undertaken
during March and April 2024. The evaluation was conducted
using a recognised online platform and was followed by an
in-person review of the output by the Nomination Committee.

The results of Soard performance evaluations are used to inform
the Group's succession plans and any Board development needs.
Further details of tne FY 24 Board evaluation review, including the
scope of the raview and key findings, can be found on p. 77.

Roles of the Directors

The Group operates an effective, appropriate governance
framework. The Board has collective and ultimate responsibilty
for establishing a strategy and business model that promotes
long-term value for shareholders. The Board is supperted by the
Group’s executive team, led by the Chief Executive Officer,

in developing and executing the Group's strategy.

The Executive Directors have strong knowledge of the operations
of the Group, the interesis of its stakehoiders, and its market and
financial positions. Senior executives below Board level attend
Board meetings upcn request to oresent and discuss business
strategy and updates.

The Executive Directors that served on the Board throughout the
year were Luc Baqué, as Chief Executive Officer, and John Paton,
tha Chief Financial Officer. Luc Baqué was appointed as Chief
Executive Officer on 1 April 2023, following a structured transition
from Euan Fraser, the outgoing Chief Executive Officer. To maximise
continuity, Euan Fraser undertook a part-time role as Strategic
Adviser to the Board between 1 April 2023 and 9 January 2024

alphatme.com

The independent Non-Executive Directors of the Board are
Ken Fry, Penny Judd, Jill May and Maeve Byrne. They were
selected with the objective of increasing the breadth of skills
and experience of the Board, bringing constructive and
independent challenge to the Executive Directors and
monitoring their performance. The Non-Executive Directors
are also responsible for the effective running of the Baard’s
committees and ensuring that the committees support and
facilitate the strategic priorities of the Board.

Penny Judd is the Senior Independent Non-Executive Director
('SID"}. The principal role of the SID is to act as a sounding board
for the Chairman and to serve as an intermeciary for the other
Directors when necessary. Penny is also available to shareholders
should they wish to discuss concerns that they feel nave not been
resolved through the normal channels of engagement with the
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer or Executive Directors, or for
which such contact is nappropriate.

At the head of the Group, there is a clear delineation of responsibilities
fetween the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer.
The Non-Executive Chairman leads the Board and is responsible
for its governance, performance and effectiveness. This includes
ensuring that the dynamics of the Board are functional and
productive and that no individual Director dominates discussion
or decision making, In this role, the Chairman sets the tone for the
Company and ensures that the links between the Board and the
executive team, as well as between the Board and the shareholders,
are strong and effective, Meanwhile, the Chief Executive Officer is
responsible for the day-to-day management of the Group's global
operations, for proposing the strategic plan and focuses to the
Board, and for implementing the strategic goals agreed by the Board.

Ken Fry Independent

Board of Directors
Non-Executive:
Fesponsibie for establishing Charman
the Company's strategic
diraction and overseeing
a robust framework
of governance.
Executive Directors Tue Bequé Chief Executive

Officer
Responsibis for day-to-day

snanagement of the
Company's busmess

‘operations and delivery
of Group strategy.

Chief Financial
Officer

Senior independent

Non-Executive Penny Judd

Directors Non-Executive
Director

Responsible for providing - -

independent challenge to. Jil May Independent

and oversight of the Non-Executive

performance of, the Director

Executive Directors. Meow Byrne sncepericnt
Non-Executive
Director



===== page 74 =====
Board independence

The Board considers an independent Non-Executive Director to
be free from any relationship that might materially interfere with
the exercise of independent judgement.

The Non-Executive Directors are considered to he independent
and therefore the Soard is compliant with the QCA Cade on the
topic of Director independence. All Directors are encouraged and
expected to use their independent judgement and to challenge all
matters, whether strategic or operational.

Appointments to the Board and re-election

‘The Board has delegated to the Nomination Committee the task of
reviewing Board composition, searching for aporopriate candidates
and making recommendations te the Board on candidates to ba
appointed to the Board. Decisions regarding the appointment and
removal of Diractors are reserved for the full Board. Further details
are sat out in the Nomination Committee report on pp 78-77.

Under the Company's Articles of Association, the Directors
have the power to appoint new Directors during the year, but

any person appomted by the Board since the last Annual General
Meeting is obliged to retire and offer themselves for re-election,
Furthermore, in accordance with recommended bes! practice,

all Diractors intend to offer themselves for re-election at the 2024
AGM [if held}, The Board considers that each of the Directors
offering themselves for re-election makes a valuable contribution
to the Board and demonstrates commitment to the Group.

Diversity

The Board values diversity in its broadest sense and is committed
to creating an inclusive culture, free from discrimination of any kind,
When assessing new Director appointments, the Nomination
Committee considers the benetits of diversity for better decision
making and diversity of thought, in addition to locking at how to
maintain within the Board the appropriate balance of skills,
independence and knowledge of the Company, its services and
the industry as. a whole, Recognising the benefits that diversity
can bring to all areas of the Group and noting the recommendations
in the reports of the Hampton-Alexander review and the FTSE
Women Leaders review! ', women currently represent S0% of
Alpha's Board, including the role of Senior independent Director.

The Group has a comprenensive Diversity & Inclusion programme,
which was first established in 2018 and which hes evolved
steadily year on year. Diversity & inclusion initiatives are run
voluntarily by members of the global Consulting team, supported
by the Group Responsible Business function, and averseen by
the ESG Committee. Aipha is committed to a positive policy of
promoting equality of opportunity and diversity. providing an
inclusive environment, and eliminating any unfair oF unlawful
discrimination, which applies to all offices, ail business areas
and all levels from graduate to the Chief Executive Officer.

25 Refers tu tre Har plotixander reser and F TSE Noman Le
ame tornAlegar ter review was cubksnag in Febuary 202%; Pie "at

0615 “aan URI nih mureasing her srr women
ine FTSE Viumen “aasers re, ev was

Annual Report & Accounts 202471

in order to consider the effectiveness and priorities of the Diversity
& Inclusion programme, the ESG Committee receives regular
updates on the programme. The Group has @ Social Resoonsibility
Lead who, working alongside senior business leads, helps ensure
that Alpha’s governance, recruitment and internal processes are
managed and evolving appropriately to deliver a sufficiently
diverse grou of candidates, hires and employees.

‘The Board is committed to supporting tangible actions that will
support diversity across the entire Group, and in April 2024 the
Group publicly communicated its first Group-wide diversity
ambition. This is for 25% of the global director team to be
women or nonbinary in five years time.

(Dy R224 more about the Diversity & Inclusion programme and policy
within our Sustainability Report

Board statistics

Gender
@ vale -3
Femaia~ 3

Role

@ {2ePeNdoNt Non Fxeoutiva
Chairman —1

Independent Non-Executive
Directors - a

Executive Directors ~ 2

Length of tenure
@ 05 years
@ 1-5 yoars—1
3-5 yoars—1
5x10 years—3
10+ years 0

oards até n ser 'eacership Ros"ions The tna repr of ne
sd Feary 2028

alphatme.com

°
g
3
8
3
g
:
g
=
3
F
3



===== page 75 =====
72 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

pte Geciena

How the Board operates

The Board is responsible for the Group's strategy
and overall management. The operation of the
Board is documented in a formal schedule of
matters reserved for its aporoval, which sets out
the Board's responsibilities.

‘The Board is required to meet at least six times a
year. During the financial year, nine Board meetings.
took place. Five of these meetings were held in
person and four of these were held via video
conference facility, A number of ad hoc calls

and Board committee meetings were also held

to discuss topical or time sensitive matters, to
approve financial results announcements and
tracing updates, or to implement decisions taken
by the Board as a whole under delegated authorities.
The Board also held dedicated strategy sessions
with ingut from senior management in April and
September 2023, in line with the schedule of
annual Board activity

The Directors seek to attend all meetings of the
Board and the committees on which they sit and
ensure that they allocate sufficient time to the
Group as is needed to enable them to carry out
their responsibilities as Directors

The time commitment required of all Non-Executive
Directors is currently three days per month, which
is set out in their letters of appointment. During
the year, the Board reviewed the time commitment
of the Non-Executive Directors and is satisfied
that each of the Directors dedicates sufficient time
to the Group's business

The Board and committee schedules are planned
in advance of the financial year ahead, in order to
facilitate attendance anc! ensure that the appropriate
discussion time is availabie. The number of meetings
of the Board held during FY 24, and the attendance
by each Board member are provided below:

Eligible to

Board member attend Attendance:
KenFry(Charman) SSsC«SSSSC
lucBaue (‘a 9
MaeveByne

PennyJuddstsC=<CS~si<‘SSCS 9
jiMay
John Paton os 8

"Ad hee meeting held by weteo conferencing facility, whch Jl May
295 Unable to attend due to pre-excsting arrangements

atphaime.com

The Board has an agenda of regular business, finanoiai and operational matters
for discussion, as well as 4 review of each of the Board committees’ areas of work.
The key activities of the Board meetings during the year included the following:

Strategic Discussed the strategy and reviewad the pragress of
strategic priorities,

Giscussed the Group's capital structure and
financial strategy.

Considered and agpreved the acquisition of Shoreline.

Reviewed and discussed the Group's acquisition
strategy and potential acquisition targets

Received presentations trom members of the senior
management team, covering key regions and business areas.

Performance ‘Approved the financial reporting, including interim and
full-year results.

Reviewed the dividend policy and approved a final
dividend of 10.50p per share in relation to the year
ended 31 March 2028.

Considered and declared an interim dividend! of 3.70
ger share for FY 24.

Governance Under the supervision of the Audit and Risk Committee,

and risk reviewed and updated financial and non-financial policies,
inoluding the risk policy and the whistleblowing policy,
and reviewed and agreed updates to the Group's risk
policy and risk management ‘ramework, including the
principal risks.

Under the supervision of the ESG Committee,
reviewed and approved the ESG roadmap.

Discussed and monitored the regulatory and
compliance landscape and reviewed corporate
governance requirements and processes, including
reviewing the 2023 QCA Corporate Governance Code.

Under the supervision of the Rernuneration Committee,
reviewed the existing Remuneration Policy and agreed
updates to this, to take effect from + April 2024.

Appointed the Group's first in-house Company Secretary.

Stakeholders Continued an open dialogue with the investor community.

Reviewed the progress of key client relationshios and
engagements acrass the Group.

Reviewed the actions taken by senior management to
review and support employee retention and wellbeing.

The Chairman, aided by the Company Secretary, is responsible for ensuring that
the Directors receive accurate and timely information tor the Board meeting.
Board packs are circulated at least four business days prior to the meeting.

The Company Secretary provides minutes of each meeting and every Director is
aware of the right to have any concerns documented. In addition, the Company
Secretary ensures that any feedback or suggestions for improvement of the
Board papers are documented and evaluated for amendment er enhancement
with respect to future meetings of the Board.


===== page 76 =====
Committees of the Board

The Board has in place Audit and Risk, Remuneration,
Nomination and ESG Committees, each with delegated
responsibilities and duties set cut formally within terms of
reference. The terms of reference for the individual committees
are reviewed regularly and approved by the Board,

From lime to time, separate ad hoc committees may be set up by
the Board to consider and address specific issues or objectives,
wher the need arises.

Audit and

k Committee

Responsible for monitoring the integrity of the Company's
financial statements and overseging the effectiveness of the
Company's systems of risk management ang internal control,
The Audit and Risk Committge report can be found on

pp 80-83.

Nomination Committee

Responsible for the structure, size, composition, effectiveness
and succession planning of the Board. Further information can
be found on pp 76-77,

Remuneration Committee
Responsibie far setting fixed and variable Executive Director
remuneration and monitoring senior management remuneration
levels. Further information can be found on pp 64-94,

ESG Committee

Responsible for the development and implementation of the
Group's ESG strategy. The ESG Committee report ig included
on pp 78-79. Further information about the Group’s ESG
priorities, efforts and progress can be found in the sustamable
business section on pp 40-47,

‘The struclure and operation of the Board's committees were
considered by the Board as part of the FY 24 Board evaluation,
The Board concluded that the composition of each committee
remained appropriate, and that each committee was operating
effectively, This year saw the frst full year af operation for the
ESG Committee and the publication of the Group's first ESG
Committee report and its first Sustainability Report. Further
information abcut the key ereas of activity and focus of this
Committee can be found on pp 76-78.

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 73

External advisers

The Board members may seek the advice of the Group's legal
advisers, corporate brokers, external auditor and the Nominated
Adviser NOMAD") on matters within the Board or the committees’
terms of reference, or to obtain recommendations on specific,
corporate or governance events. During the year the Board also
appointed Grant Thornton to conduct internal audit services

(see p. 81 for details} and the Remuneration Committee appointed
haglenfern to provide advice on remuneration matters (see p. 93
for details).

investec is the Group's NOMAD, as wall as its joint broker
alongside Berenberg. The Directors have direct access to
the advice and services of an in-house Company Secretary.

Development, information and support

‘The Company Secretary ensures that all Directors are kept
abreast af changes in relevant legislation and regulations. with
the assistance of the Group's other advisers where appropriate.
Executive Directors are subject to a performance review and
development process through which their performance against
predetermined objectives is reviewed and their personal and
professional development needs are considered, Non-Executive
Directors are encouraged to raise any personal development or
training aeeds with the Chairman or Company Secretary, During
the year, traning undertaken by the Board included refresher
training from the Company's NOMAD on the obligations an
AIM-quoted companies, and training on pertinent ESG matters,
including diversity and inclusion.

Board effectiveness

‘The objectives of the Board are to review, formulate and approve
the Group's strategy, to review. discuss and agree budgets and
key corporate activities, and to oversee the Group's progress
towards its goals. The Group has a structured process for evaluating
the performance and effectiveness of the Board, its committees
and the Directors individually in respect of these objectives. {n
addition, the Chairman assesses the Board as a whole regularly
to ensue that it is functioning efficiently and productively.

A formal Board evaluation process was undertaken during March
2024 and April 2024 in respect of FY 24, with oversight fram the
Nomination Committee. A variety of approaches were considered
for the FY 24 evaluation, including enhancing the existing internally-led
process and the engagement of an external Board evaluator,
Following cereful consideration, the decision was taken to
Introduce an online beard evaluation platforrn, "BoardClic’, to
enhance the process, Detalls of the FY 24 Board evaluation,
including the areas covered by the review and the key findings,
are detailéd in the Nomination Committee report on p. 77.

aiphatme.com

°°
$
3

H

3
&

$
3
3

&



===== page 77 =====
4

Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Board structure

Alpha Board
Agreas Group strategy
Oversees progress towards strategic goals

Shareholder and stakeholder engagement

Chairman of the Board i
Leadership of the Board :

Reviews performance of the Board Directors ~

Ensures appropriate and
effective corporate governance:

Key

@ Execuwe

4 Auctt and Fisk Committee
§ ESG Cornmittee

1 Nomination Committee
2} Remuneration Committee

®

Audit and Risk
Committee
Ensures affective
sysloms of internal
control and risk
management

Group Coordination
Committee

Group Executive
Committee
Monitors and addresses:
strategic direction of tha.
Group's business

Management of
business operations

Coordination of
commercial activities Execution of strategy and

proposes any chengesto Overseas the Group's

‘Overseas development of

agress associated targets

Environment, Nomination Remuneration
Social and Committee Committe
Governance Reviews Board Agrees remuneration
Committee compositionand —_ policies for the Executive
balance of skills Directors anc members:

of senior management
the ESG strategy ands 54s tne process for i

Board appointments Ensures operation of

Maintains Group the strat financial report: P transparent, simple
Governance structure itegy porting Reviews implementation Ensures appropriate i se stecne ip
Monitors coordination, Appoints and oversees he strategy succession planning incentive schemes
cross-seling and the relationship with the
effective decision-making external auditor and Ensures appropriate _ Considers alignment of
|. gefoss the,Group... ovarsers the intemal -. = ES priorltias within’ reivard iwith long-term
‘pusiness model audit process Alpha's governance and shareholder value
business model
T T
Chief Executive Global Head. Global Head, i Global Head,
Officer Hl tionpoint Aiviq i Insurance
| Consulting
|

Conflicts of interest

The Gompany has effective procedures in place to identity,
monitor and manage any conflicts of interest. At each meating of
the Board or its committees, the Directors are required to deciare
any interests in the matters to be discussed and are regularly
reminded of their duty to notify any actual or potential conflicts of
interest, The Company's Articles provide for the Board to authorise
any actual or potential conflicts of interest if deemed appropriate
to do so,

alphatme.com

Group Managing
Director

Global Head,
Asset 6 Wealth
Management
Consulting

Internal controls and risk management

The Board has overall accountability for the systems of internal
control and risk management. The Audit and Risk Committee
reviews and assures the effectiveness of the Group's internat
controls and risk management on the Board's behail.

As part of that duty, the Board determines the Group's risk
management appetite and policies. In this respect, the adjective
of the Board is to set policies that seek to reduce ongoing risk as
far as gossible, without unduly affecting the Group's competitiveness.
and flexibility. The Board believes that this approach serves the
interests of creating sustainable shareholder value while also
protecting the Group’s corporate culture and other

Stakeholder interests.


===== page 78 =====
Engagement calendar FY 24

April2023 June 2023 September 2023
Pre-ciose Fultyearresutis Private client broker
investor virtual roadshow, and shareholder
meeinas UK and Europe meetings, UK
\
a Sen eee Se Se
April 2023 September 2023
Pre-close Aneual General
treding update Mesting

‘The operational functions of the Group are carried out within a
practical and effective risk management framework. The Group
‘Coordination Committee has executive responsibility fer identifying
and managing risk effectively across the businass. Any material
aperational decisions made by the Group Coordination Committee
in this respect are reviewed by the Board.

‘The identified material operational, industry and market, financial,
environmental and social, and commercial and legal risks facing
the Group are alse reported to the Board. A summary of the
principal risks and uncertainties, as well as mitigating actions.
are provided in the Principat Risks section of the Strategic Report
The Board formally reviews, agrees and documents the principal
risks to the business at least annually

Alpha has a full-time Group Head of Risk & Responsible Business
who oversees Aipha's risk framework and processes. During the
year, the Audit and Risk Committee reviewed the Group's nsk
Policy along with the risk framework and internal controls, and
Subject to certain updates, it was agreed that they were appropriate
for the operating context and business model. The Group's tisk
management processes and any opportunities to introduce
further enhancements are regularly reviewed and changes are
implemented as appropriate.

Sharehoider communications

‘The Board places great emphasis on maintaning an effective
dialogue with sharenoiders, which it considers to be integral to.
iong-term growth and success. It is committed to communicating
consistently and openly with shareholders,

The principal methods of communication are the Annual Report
and Accounts, the interim and full-year results announcements,
the AGM and the Group's investor website, alphafme.comvinvestors.
‘The website is Updated regularly with information regarding the
Group's governance, activities and performance, including both
statutory and non-statutary regulatory news announcements,
which are issued throughout the year to update on financial.
operational and other matters.

‘The Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer meet wath
the representatives of the Group's institutional investors as well
as investment analysts to ensure that tne Group's corporate
objectives, strategies and operational developments are clear
and understaad.

Annuat Report & Accounts 2024 75

October 2023 March 2024

Pre cove Tracing vodate
ievestor 9
maetings og
o 3

—- ee penta fats oe senses eters g

9

October 2023 November 2023 March-Aprit 2024 3
pre ios wwe inst cortrence 3
wacngiqiae tml any, sole Uk end Europe H
Uk ana Europe &

in-person and virtual investor roadshows are held following the
announcement of the final and interim results, attended by the
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and there are
also ad hor investor meetings that are part of the building of
relationships with existing and future shareholders. Details of
investor ralations activity and a reviaw of the shareholder register
are shared with the Soard on a regular basis during the year.

Understanding what analysts and investors think about the Group
is an equally important component of these interactions, The Board
as a whole is kept informed of their feedback and views by the
Ghiet Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. This inclucies
information provided oy the Group's joint comporate brokers, Serenberg
and investec, following investor meetings. The Chairman and
Non-Executive Directors ara also avaliable te meat with shareholders,
if required, to discuss any items of importance.

The Board will also engage directly with major shareholders on
certain strategic matters where this is accepted good practice.
For example, during Apri 2024 a consultation with major shareholders
was undertaken in relation to the Group's FY 25 executive
remuneration arrangements anc updates to the Remuneration
Policy. Further details can be found on p. 86:

Annuai General Meeting

‘On 20 June 2024, the Board announced a recommended cash
otter to acquire Alpha by Actium Bidco (UK) Limited, a newly
incorporated indirect subsidiary of certain funds managed by
Bridgepoint Advisers Limitad, Further details can be faund on

p. 64 and on the Company's website, If this Offer is competed,
itis expected that the Group will be re-registered as a private
company, in which case it may no longer be necessary for the
Company to hold a 2024 AGM, depending on the timing of that
re-registration. A further update will be provided to shareholders
in due course.

By order of the Board.

Ken Fry
Cheaeman

alphatme.com


===== page 79 =====
76 Annuat Report & Accounts 2024

.

Nomination Committee report

Membership
KenFry(Chair)
ili May
Maeve 8

Penny Judd

Key actions from FY 24
- Enhanced the existing Board evaluation process.

— Ensured a smooth transition and induction for the
Chief Executive Officer.

- Reviewed succession plans for the Board and
senior management.

Priorities for FY 25

— Progress actions icentified from the FY 24 Board
evaluation process.

Consider any training and develooment needs for
Board members.

— Further review succession plans for the Board and senior
management to ensure that these remain up to date

— Undertake succession planning for the Chair, who will
have served cn the Board for nine years in 2025.

gataan Guar

a ptare

On behalf of the Board, | am pleased to present the Nomination
Committee's report for the year ended 31 March 2024.

Committee composition and governance

The Committee is composed wholly of independent Non-Executive:
Directors. It is chaired by the Chairman of the Board, Ken Fry,
and its other members are Penny Judd, Jill May and Maeve
Byme. Ail members served throughout the year.

‘The Nomination Committee meets as and when necessary, but
al least twice a year. The Nomination Committee met formally
twice during FY 24 and all memiers of the Committee attended
both meetings.

in the event that the matter under discussion relates to the Chaiman’s
re-appointment or succession, the Committee is chaired by an
indegendent Non-Executive Director. The Group's Company
Secretary attends each meeting, and the Chief Executive Officer

and Chief Financial Officer are invited to join meetings as appropriate.

Key responsibilities

The Gommittee’s main duties are set out in its terms of reference,
which are reviewed annually and are available on the Company's
investor website (lphatmec.com/investors/board-committees).

alphatme.com

fe
‘
ae;
Ken Fry
Chair of the

Normination
Committee

The purpose of the Committee is to keep under review the
structure, sizo and composition of the Board, as well as
succession planning for the Directors. it leads the process
for identifying and nominating, for approval by the Board,
candidates t0 fill Board and committee vacancies.

The Committee follows a robust process for recommending
appointments and re- appointments to the Board. Its primary
responsibilities in this area include:

- Regularly reviewing the structure, size and composition of
the Board to ensure that it has an appropriate balance of
skills, independence, knowledge, experience and diversity;

Considering succession planning for the Board Directors and
senior executives, taking into account the challenges and
opportunities facing the Company and wider Group, along
with skills and expertise that may be required in the future;

Identifying and nominating for approval by the Board
candidates to fill Board vacancies as and when they arise;

~ Ensuring that the necessary due diligence and conflicts of
interest checks have been undertaken before an appointment
is made;

Monitoring whether satisfactory induction is pravided to new
Directors to develop their knowledge of the Group, and their
Board and committee responsibilities; and

Reviewing the results of the Board evaluation process and
ensuring that the conclusions are captured and actioned
where necessary.

Activities during the year
Chief Executive Officer appointment and transition

On 1 April 2023, following the completion of a handover process
from Euan Fraser, Luc Baqué was apocinted as Chief Executive
Officer. Betwaen this date and 9 January 2024, Euan Fraser
undertook a part-time role ag Strategic Adviser to the Board.
During this time, Euan was invited to attend Board and certain
committee meetings in an advisory capecity. This arrangement
enabled the Board to continue to benefit from Euan’s extensive
knowledge of the Groun's history and client base during this
transitional period. The Board is grateful for Euan’s contribution
during the year.


===== page 80 =====
Board induction and training

During the year, Luc Baqué completed a thorough induction
programme, which included receiving coaching from the autgoing
Chief Executive Officer, ime spent with the Non-Executive Directors
on a one-to-one basis, and training in investor relations, In April
2023, a Board training session was delivered by the Company's
NOMAD, invastec, which covered the responsibilities of directors:
of AIM-quoted companies, including relevant legal and regulatory
obligations. This formed part of Luc Baqué’s induction programme
and served as a refresher for all Board members. Subsequent to
the year end, the whole Board has also undertaken training on
relevant ESG-related matters, including diversity and inclusion,

Succession planning

Akay role of the Committee is to ensure that the Group has
appropriate succession planning in place, and this is reviewed by
the Committee each year. During the year, the Committee reviewed
and approved contingency and succession pians for each member
of the Board. Succession plans for the Executive Directors are
considered over three timescales: i} immediately in the event of an
unexpected event such as illness; ii) three years’ time; and iii) five
years’ time, The Committee's succession considerations during
FY 24 included a refresh of succession plans for Lue Baqué
following his appointment to the Board on 1 April 2023,

By 2026, | will have served on the Board as Chair for nine years
and, as such, | wil no longer be considered independent under
generally accepted UK corporate governance standards.
Theretore, the Committee is actively considering succession
planning for my role,

Renewal of appointment letter

The Committee has considered the renewal of Penny Judd's
appointment. which is due to expire at the 2024 AGM. The Committee:
recommended to the Board that Penny's appointment be renewed
for a further three-year term from the Conclusion of the 2024 AGM
(if held), subject to annual re-election by shareholders,

Board evaluation

As part of the Board’s commitment to maintaining a strong corporate
governance framework, the Committee reviews the approach to,
and results of. the Board's performance evaluation process.

During the year, the Nomination Committee sought to enhance

the current internal Board performance evaluation process. This
was done in order to increase the thoroughness and abectivity

of the process, in line with the recommendations outiined in the
2023 QCA Code on board pertermance evaluation

After careful consideration, the decision was made to use a
thorough online board evaluation platform, *BoardCli”. te undertake
the review. The evaluation process covered key areas, including:
purpose and strategy: Board agenda and meetings; talent and
culture: Board composition and dynamics; effectweness of the
Chair: information, reporting and risk management; and
elfectiveness of the Board committees.

Adstailed report. which included qualitative responses and
benchmarking against other respondent companies. was
subsequently provided to the Nomination Committee. Following
a detailed discussion. #t was agreed that the Chair, the Board,
its committees and its governance framework continued to operate
effectively. No significant areas of concern were identified from

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 7

the review process, A number of actions were, however, agreed in
response to the findings:

- Further improvements to be made to certain regular Board reports
to ensure they are easily digestible and focus on key matters;

— Board and committee agenda considerations, including the
addition of regular uodates on the market and competitor
dynamics by the Chief Executive Officer and the Company's
brokers, and the potential use of virtual meetings for certain
cammittee meetings; and

Aduitional succession planning considerations, inckuding those
relating to the Non-Executive Directors.

The Nomination Committee intends to retain the internal
methodology for future Board evaluations, put will aiso consider
the periodic use of an external evaluator to suppiement this
procass, as recommended by the 2023 QCA Code.

Diversity

In executing its duties, the Nomination Committee objectively
considers candidates on merit and with due regard for the benefits
of diversity, inclucing gender and ethnic diversity, on the Board.

Alpha is an equal opportunities emplayer and the Graup’s policy is
to ensure that all employees, or those seeking employment, are
treated fairly. This policy applies at Board ieval and across the Group.
All decisions relating to recruitment, selection and promotion are
made objectively regardless of race, ethnicity, nationality, gender’
gender identity, sexual orientation, reigious belt, political opinion,
age. disability and educational or socioeconomic background.

‘The Board exceeds the gender diversity target set by the
Hampton-Alexander review and the FTSE Women Leaders Review
2022, wilh women representing 50% of the Board, The Group is also
committed fo increasing the gender civersity of its senior management
cover time and has publicly communicated a target in relation to
this. Details of this target and how the Group intends to achieve
this can be found an p. 44, The Group will alsa continue to
monitor emerging regulations or guidalines in relation to other
aspects of the Bard's diversity,

While there are no current plans to appoint any additional Board
members, when considering any future appointments to the Board,
the Nomination Committee will consider the diversity of the Board
ag a whole, including socio-economic backgrounds, nationality,
educational attainment, gender, ethnicity anc age, and the need
10 avoid any risk of “group-think’,

The ESG Committee's remit includes oversight of the Group's
Civersity & Inclusion strategy, policies and initiatives. Further
information about Aipha’s Diversity & Inclusion programme, including
Alpha’s Disability Confident accreditation, is provided in both the
Looking After Our People and the Sustainable Business sections
of the Annual Report and in the Group's Sustainability Report.

Ken Fry

Char of ine Monenaton Commies.

alphatme.com

°
8
3
3
3
8
2
3
2
EI
8



===== page 81 =====
78 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

ESG Committee report

Membership
Jill May (Chair)

Penny Judd
Key actions from FY 24
- Agreed the ESG Roadmap and priorities for FY 24.

~ Reviewed and approved the Group's first
Sustainability Report.

Approved the Group's first TCFD report.

~ Introduced ESG training at Soard level.

Priorities for FY 25
— Refine the path to net zero and targets to achieve this.

— Monitor progress against diversity ambitions.

— Monitoring and ensuring compliance with all relevant
regulations, including TCFD, and assessing alignment with
best practice for a company of Alpha's size and sector.

On behalf of the Board, | am delighted te present the Group's
first ESG Committee report for the year ended 31 March 2024.
‘The ESG Committee was established in 2023 and held its first
meeting in April 2028.

During tne last 12 months, the Group undertock a materiality
assessment to inform and shape its ESG roadmap. A number

of key milestones on the roadmap have already been achieved,
including agreeing the Group's first public gender diversity target
and the publication of our first TCFD report (see pp 48-51).

Committee composition and governance

The ESG Committes is composed whally of independent
Non-Executive Directors. | chair the Committee, and its
cher members are Ken Fry. Penny Judd and Maeve Byrne

The ESG Committee meets as and when necessary, but at least
iwice a year. The Committee met three times during FY 24, with
all Committee members attending each meeting. The Group's
Company Secretary attends every meeting of the Committee.
The Chiet Financial Officer and the Chief Executive Officer attend
meetings at the request of the Committee Chair. Both Executive

Directors attended each meeting held in FY 24. The Group's Head

of Risk and the Groue’s Managing Director are alse invited te
attend these meetings.

alphatme.com

Jill May
Chair of the
ESG Committee

Key responsibilities

The Committee's purpose is to oversee the development cf the
Groun’s ESG strategy and review the Group's performance
against this strategy.

The key responsibilities of the Committee include the following:

— Oversee the development and Implementation of the Group’s
ESQ strategy, including priorities, objectives and strategic goals;

— Identify ang use relevant KPIs and targets to monitor the
progress of the Group in its ESG strategy:

— Oversee the estabiishment of, and review regularly, relevant
FSG-related policies and codes of practice to ensure they
remain effective, compliant with reguiatory requirements,
including agplicable principies of corporate governance anc
consistent with industry practice;

~ Consider ESG risks in connection with the Group's operations;

Review current and emerging ESG trends to identity how these
are likely to impact the strategy, operations and reputation of
the Group and ensure the Group's ESG strategy and policies
remain appropriate and well positioned; and

Review the quality and integrity of external reporting of ESG
matters and performance, including the Sustainability Report
and relevant sections of the Annual Report


===== page 82 =====
Activities during the year
Key activities undertaken by the ESG Committee durng the year
included the following:

Agreed the ESG priorities for the Group, following a rigorous
materiality assessment process;

Reviewed and approved the Group's ESG strategy and readmep:

Reviewed and approved the Group's inaugural
Sustainability Report,

Approved the Group's first diversity target: that 259 of the
senior director level employees will be women or nonbinary
in five years’ time;

Reviewed the results of the Group’s first publicly disclosed UK
Gender Pay Gap report;

Reviewed and approved tne Group's first TCFD report

Considered appropriate ESG-related objectives for the
purposes of variable remuneration policy,

Introduced online ESG training for all Board members: and

Considered appropnate action to support the Group's path
to net zero and adherence to the UN Global Compact.

Priorities for the year ahead

Ounng FY 25, the ESG Committee witl continue to provide
independent Board-lavel oversight of tne development and
delivery of the Group's strategic ESG framework and ambitions
There are also some pricrities that the Committee will devote
specitic attention to, as follows:

Carbon reduction strategy:

Much groundwork has already been undertaken in relation to
the Group's commitment to achieve net zero by 2050. In FY 25,
the Group will agres the baseline from which to measure carton
emissions and publish its net zero ambition and roadmap to
achieve carbon neutrality — considering new Scape 3 emissions
categories and further enhancing data collection and analysis.
The Committee looks forward to sharing this next phase of its
carbon reduction strategy.

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 79

TCFD reporting:

The Cammittee will consider the recommendations of the Group
Responsible Business team in relation to the Group's FY 25 TCFD
report and ensure that future iterations of this report remain in line
with best practice for a company of Alpha’s size and sector.

Progress against diversity targets and ambitions:

The Responsible Business team will regularly update the
Committee on the Group's progress against its agreed upon
diversity ambitions globally. In particular, the Committee will
closely review progress against the Group's publicly stated
gender diversity target. as described above. The Group is
committed 10 providing transparent reporting on its progress
and any need fer additional actions.

o
g
3
8
a
&
3
a
3
i

Improvements to policies and transparency:

The Committee will provide oversight and support in relation

to the further enhancement of the Group's ESG policies and
disclosures in the coming months, including how key information
1s made available to stakeholders, including employees, clients
and investors.

As Chai of the ESG Committee, lam very much looking forward
to working with the wider Alpha business to drive forward the
Group's ESG priorities and commitments in FY 25 anc to be able
to share future updates on this orogross with our various stakaholders.

Jill May

Chair of the ESG Committes
Lar Me

alehatms.com


===== page 83 =====
380 Annuai Report & Accounts 2024

roorae 3

Audit and Risk Committee report

Membership

Maeve Byrne (chi
Ken Fry
Penny Judd
JiliMay

Key actions from FY 24

. Reviewed, updated and signed off the Group's risk policy
and risk management framework

~ Reviewed and updated the Group's whistiebiowing policy.
— Engaged an intemal audit fim and agreed to their initial scope.
Priorities for FY 25

— Oversee the new internal audit process.

— Plan ‘or the FY 25 aucit, including the rotation of the
external audit partner,

~ Ensure that risk management arrangements are updated
in response to any new or emerging risks or changes to
the Group's principal risks.

The Audit and ak “ommitroan

On behalf of the Board, | am pleased 10 present the Audit and
Risk Committee report for the year ended 31 March 2024.

Committee composition and governance

The Audit and Risk Committee is composed wholly of independent
Non-Executive Directors. | chair the Committee and its other
members are Ken Fry, Penny Judd and Jill May, Information on
the Committes members’ skills and experience is provided in the
Board of Directors section on pp 66-67.

The Audit and Risk Committee meets as and when necessary,
but at least three times a year. The Cammittee mat three times
during FY 24, with all members attending every meeting.

The Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Executive Officer attend
meatings al the request of the Committee Chair to facilitate discussion
of the financial statements and systems of financial control and

risk raragerent. Both Directors joined each meeting held in FY 24.

alphatme.com

Maeve Byrne
Chair of the
Audit and Risk
Committee

The Group's Company Secretary attencis every Committee
meeting, as do the lead audit partner and team members from
the Group's external auditor, KPMG LLP. Members of the Group's
Risk team and senior management are also invited to attend
Committee meetings as appropriate.

At least once a year, the Committee meets with the auditer
without the presence of any Executive Director to discuss
independently the auditor's remit and any other issues arising
from the audit; they met in this manner once during the year.

Key responsibilities

‘Tne purpose of the Aucit and Risk Committee is to oversee the
Group’s internal financial controls and risk management systems,
to recommend the interim and full-year financial results to the
Board, and to monitor the integrity of afl formal reports and
announcements relating to the Company's financial performance.
In addition, the Committee is responsible for appointing the
externa! auditor of the Grouo, maintaining that relationship and
reporting the findings and recommendations of the external
auditor to the Board,

The Committee's main duties are set out in its terms of reference,
which are reviewed annually and available on the Company's
investor website (alohatmc.cam/investors/board-committees).

The Committee's key responsibilities inclucie the following:

Monitoring the integrity of the Group's financial statements,
including the full-year and interim reports, other significant
announcements relating to financial performance, and
reviewing any significant reporting issues and judgements;

Advising on the clarity of disclosure and information contained
in the financial reports;

Reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of the systems
of internal control and the risk management framework:


===== page 84 =====
Reviewing the Group's arrangements and procedures relating
te compliance, whistleblowing and fraud;

Overseeing the relationship with the external auditor, reviewing
performance and advising the Board members on the auditor's
appointment and remuneration;

Reviewing and discussing the findings of the audit with the
external auditor; and

Oversight of the internal aucit process.

Activities during the year
Review of financial statements:

During FY 24, the Committee reviewed and approved the Group's
FY 23 Annual Report & Accounts and FY 24 interim results
including consideration of the significant accounting issues
relating to the financial statements and the going concer review.

Financial controls and risk management:

in its responsibility to assure the Group's financial controt and risk
management environment, the Committee continued its facus on
risk and financial controls, monrtoring progress against the plan to
implement refinements to systems and processes, ta improve the
financial control environment further and to enhance tearn operations.
Status reports were reviewed and discussed at the Committee’s
meetings in November 2023 and February 2024.

On behaif of the Board, the Committee oversees and assures
the Group's risk processes and risk reporting across all busmess
units, Alongside the external audit process, there is an ongoing
focus on identifying, assessing, and managing the risks the Group
faces across @ broad range of relevant topics, including industry,
operational, financial, social and environmental risks. As part of
the annual risk review agenda, a focused risk session took place
at the Committee's meeting in February 2024, and the Group
Managing Director and the Globai Head of Risk were invited to
attend the meeting. The Committee reviewed and discussed
updates to the risk policy, the risk management framework and
the risk report, which includes key risks identified across the Group.

The principal risks to the Group and the identified mitigating
actions are set out in the Principal Risks and Uncertainties section
of the Strategic Report on pp 67-60.

Scope and delivery of external audit:

The Committee reviewed the year-end audit plan and considered
the scope of the audit and the external auditor's fees. It has also
consigered the tenure of the external auditor and the rotation of
ihe audit partner at the end of FY 24 (see 9. 82 for further details).

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 81

Whistteblowing policy:

During the year, the Committee reviewed the Group's whistleblowing
policy and processes, The Committee was comfortable that the
existing arrangements were satisfactory, but recommended certain
enhancements to reflect current best practice, and these were
implemented as part of the annual policy review process, The
updates included expanded guidance for employees on what
whistleblowing is and the engagement of a specialist third party
to provide an incecendent whistleblowing reporting helpline.
Subsequent to the year end, the Group has also implemented a
new training module for all employees covering the whistleblowing
process. Further details of this policy can be found below.

Internal audit:

The Committee considered the need for an internal audit function
during the year. While thers is no current requirement for the
Group to estabish a separate internal audit function, the Committee,
and the Board as a whoie, concluded that the Group is now of a
size and complexity that would benefit from introducing a proportionate
internal audit process, Following consideration of a number of
potential solutions and third-party providers during the year, the
Committee agreed to appoint Grant Thornton in this capacity to
supplement the Group's existing internal control arrangements
and external audit process.

The iritlat phase of the intemal audit programme consisted of a
review of the Group's risk management practices and processes
to provide assurance of the risk management framework in
identifying, assessing, and managing risks. This programme is
currently in the early stages of implementation and the findings of
+tis intial review are being used to inform subsequent areas of focus.

Terms of reference:

The Committee also reviewed and updated its terms of reference,
which were approved by the Board,

alphafme.com

°
g
3
8
&
8
:
rs
3
2
3
3



===== page 85 =====
82 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

vate Govern.

External auditor appointment and tenure

The Committee oversees the relationship with the external auditor
and monitors all services provided and fees payable to ensure
that potential conflicts of interest are considered and that an
objective and professional relationship is maintained. In particular,
the Committee reviews and monitors the independence and
objectivity of the external aucitor and the effectiveness of the
audit process.

KPMG LLP was first appointed as the Group's external auditor in
2015, The current lead partner was appointed ‘ollowing completion
of the FY 19 audit and, in line with KPMG's policy on lead partner
rotation, will complete his five-year term at the end of FY 24. The
proposed new audit partner has met with senior members of the
Group’s Finance team and will be introduced to the Committee
during the first haif of FY 26.

While there is no obligation for an AIM-quoted company to tender
external audit services periadically, in line with generally accepted
good practice, the Committee has considered the length of tenure
of KPMG as external auditor, in the context of the forthcoming
partner rotation, The Committee has determined that the aggointment
of a new partner in FY 25 wil further add to the objectivity and
independence of the audit process and that a tender would,
therefore, not be undertaken at this point in time. However, given
the duration of KPMG’s tenure, this matter will be kept under
review by the Committee on a regular basis

KPMG LLP did not provide any non-audit services during the
year. Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements analyses
the remuneration to the external auditor for audit services during
the year.

The Committee seeks feedback from the Chief Financial Cfficer
and senior members of the Finance team on the effectiveness of
the external auditor and the audit process. The Committee continues
to be satisfied with the scope of the external auditor's work and

Area of focus

the effectiveness of the external audit process, and is satisfied
that KPMG remains independent in the discharge of its audit
responsibilites. The Committee is, therefore, pleased to recommend
to the Board that a resolution te re-appoint KPMG LLP as the
Company's auditor be proposed at the forthcoming AGM (f held)

Audit process

The external auditor prepares an audit plan for its review of the
full-year financial statements, and the audit plan is reviewed and
agreed in advance by the Committee. Before the approval of the
financial statements, the extemal auditor presents its findings to
the Committes, highlighting areas of significant financial judgement
or estimation for discussion, The Committes also reviews the
external auditor's management letter and detailed presentations
are made to the Committee by the auditor at least twice a year.
There is an active discussion detween the Committes and the
auditor on any recommendations to improve the efficiency of
the audit process.

Significant accounting matters

In the year, the Audit and Risk Committee considered key
accounting issues and significant judgements and estimates in
relation to the Group's FY 24 financial statements. These matters
were discussed and reviewed with the Finance team and the
external auditor, The Audit and Risk Committee challenged
judgements and sought clarification where necessary.

The Committee received a report from the external auditor on the
work it had performed to arrive at its conclusions and discussed
any material findings contained within that report. The information
in the table below should be considered together with KPMG's
independent auditor's report on pp 99-105 and the accounting
policies disclosed in the notes to the financial statements as
referenced in the table.

How it was addressed

Revenue recog:

Revenue is the most significant caption in the statement of
comprehensive income and, by its nature, revenue recognition is
a key accounting policy. Whilst the majority of Group revenue is
contracted on a time and materiais basis, the Group aiso has
some fixed-priced milestone contracts. The recognition of
revenue on such contracts in progress at the year ond involves
consideration of the detailed contractual terms against the
requirements of IFRS 15 and an assessment of whether
performance obligations under the contract have been met

at the bale sheet date

alphafme.com

Detailed revenue year-end cut-off procedures have been
performed internally, including a detailed review of relevant
contractual client terms.

The Committee has discussed the design and application of the
revenue cut-off procedures performed, and considered and
agreed the appropriateness of the disclosures in respect of
revenue recognition in the financial statements.



===== page 86 =====
Area of focus

Annual Report & Accounts 2024

83

How it was addressed

Alternative performance measures

To assist in understanding the underlying performance of the
Group and to aid comparability between accounting periods,
some alternative performance measures (“APMs") are presented,
which differ from measures presented in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS"). These
APMs exciude certain adjusting items. Judgement is required to
identity those adjusting items deemed to warrant exclusion from
the calculation of the Group's adjusted measures due to either
their nature or size,

Share-based payments

Estimation is required to calculate the share-based payment
expense under IFRS 2 and the associated social security costs.
These estimates inciude assessing the fair value of share options
at the date of grant, the probability that share options will vest in
the future and the future share price at the vesting date.

The Committee has considered the appropriateness of each of
the adjusting items, ensuring that sufficient explanations are
provided and that each APM is reconciled to the nearest

IFRS measure.

The Committee has reviewed the balance of APMs and IFRS
measures presented in the Annual Report and Accounts and
considered whether APMs have been appropriately balanced
with IFRS measures.

o
g
3
8
a
5
:
3
2
2
3

External professional experts assisted in calculating the fair
value of share options at each grant date,

The probability that share options will vest is assessed at each
reporting date by considering forecast staff attrition, time until
vesting and achievement of performance conditions, These key
assumptions have been discussed with the Committee.

Share dealing, anti-bribery and whistleblowing

The Group has adopted a share dealing code in conformity with
the requirements of Rule 21 of the AIM Rules. All employees,
including new joiners, must agree to comply with the code.

The Group has in place a whistleblowing policy, the purpose
cf which is to encourage employees to repart any suspected
wrongdoing as soon as possible; 10 provide employees with
guidance as to how to raise those concerns; and to reassure
employees that they can raise genuine concerns without fear
of reprisals, even if they turn out to be mistaken. The Group
has appointed whistleblowing officers, and the Non-Executive
Chairman is provided as a point of escalation. An independent
whistleblowing hotline is also in place to provide an alternative
means of escalation for any employees wishing to rase
soncems via a third party, In the event of a whistleblowing
event, the Board will also be informed and kept up to date

on all developments as appropriate.

The Group also has an anti-corruption and bribery policy, which
sets out the Group's responsibilities in observing and upholding
its position on bribery and corruption. It provides information
and guidance on how to recognise and deal with bribery and
corruption issues.

These policies are provided to every employee of the Group,
principally through the Employee Handbook and also within a
Group Corporate Compliance Manual, which is available on the
website. The Audit and Risk Committee reviews these policies on
a regular basis to ensure thal they remain fit for purpose.

‘The Group operates an open and inclusive culture and employees
are encouraged to speak up if they have any concerns. Such
policies aim to ensure that all employees observe ethical
behaviours and bring matters that cause them concem to the
attention of either the Executive or Non-Executive Directors.

Maeve Byrne

Char of the Audit and Risk Committee

alphatme.com


===== page 87 =====
84 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Remuneration Committee report

Membership
Penny Judd (Chair)

ill May

Key actions from FY 24
— Determined FY 24 remuneration outcomes for Executive
Directors and senior management.

— Monitored performance against FY 24 variable reward
performance conditions.

-- Undertook a full review of the Executive Director and
senior management remuneration.

— Shaped a new Remuneration Policy and FY 25
remuneration arrangements.

— Undertook a shareholder consultation on the new
Remuneration Policy.

Priorities for FY 25

— Oversee the application of the new Remuneration Policy
trom 4 April 2024.

— Introduce an advisory shareholder vote on remuneration
at the 2025 AGM (f held) in respect of the FY 24
Remuneration Report.

— Determine FY 25 remuneration outcomes,

Shape FY 26 remuneration packages, to support the
strategic priorities of the Group and reduce share dilution
levels over time.

Tre Remuneration Committ
recommendations on mattgs reiare
to performance, remuneration and
rms of service for the Buaciand
snigt management of t Foun

As the Chair of the Remuneration Committee, and on behalf of
the Board, | am pleased te present the Remuneration Committee
report for the year ended 31 March 2024.

Over the past 12 months the Remuneration Committee has
undertaken a comprehansive review of the Group’s remuneration
arrangements for the Executive Directors and its senior management
team. This culminated in the implementation cf a new Remuneration,
Policy that will take effect from 1 April 2024, which is for the
Executive Directors and the senior leadership tearn, more closely
aligned to current market standards for large AIM-quoted camparies.

alphafme.com

Penny Judd
Chair of the
Remuneration
Committee

Therefore, my Committee Report, the Policy section and the
Annual Raport on Remuneration not only detail executive
remuneration outcomes for FY 24, but also describes our

new Remuneration Policy and remuneration strategy for FY 25,
and the shareholder consultation process that we undertook
prior to their implementation,

| am also pleased to confirm that in this year’s Remuneration
Committee report we have further enhanced our disclosures
to provide additional detail and transparency on the Group’s
remunaration arrangements, Doth in relation to FY 24 and FY 25,
in line with evolving best practice for a Group of Alpha’s size.

Asa further Important enhancement to the Group's remuneration
governance framework, we intend to introduce an advisory sharehoider
vote on Executive Director remuneration at our 2025 AGM (if held)
relating to remuneration arrangements for the year commencing

1 April 2024, in accordance with the new recammendations of the
2023 QCA Corporate Governance Code ("2023 ACA Code").

As noted elsewhere in this report, on 20 June 2024, the Board
announced an Offer to acquire Alpha. #f this Offer is completed,
certain matters referred to in this Remuneration Cornmittee report
as occurring during FY 25 and beyond will not occur as they are
matters which would! only be relevant to the Group as a quoted
public company, Therefore, the resolutions described in this
Remuneration Committee report proposed to be put te
shareholders at the 2024 and 2025 AGMs, may not occur,

Committee composition and governance

The Committes is composed wholly of independent Non-Executive
Directors. My fellow Committes members are Ken Fry, Jill May
and Maeve Byme. All members served throughout the year.

The Committee meets as and when necessary, bul at least twice
a year. The Committee met five times during FY 24. Each of these
mestings were attended by all members of the Committee.

The Group’s Company Secretary attends each mesting and the
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer are invited to
attend meetings 2s aopropriate. The Committee has unrestricted
access to the Company Secretary throughout the year and has
received advice from a specialist remuneration adviser as set out
onp. 98.


===== page 88 =====
Key responsibilities
The main duties of the Committes are set cutin its terms of

reference, which are reviewed annually and are available on
Alpha's investor website (alphafmo.carr/investars/board-committees}

The Committee formulates and recommends to the Board the
remuneration policies for the Executive Directors and senior
management of the Group, having regard to pay and employment
conditions across the Group. The objectives of these policies are to:

Attract, retain and motivate employees of the quality required
to run the Group successfully;

Promote the long-term success of the Group; and

Ensure that the performance-related elements of remuneration
form a significant yet aporopriate proportion of the total
remuneration package and are transparent, stretching and
rigorously applied.

The Committee determines the total remuneration package of
the Executive Directors and the Group's senior management.
The Board as whole sets the remuneration fer the Non-Executive
Directors, including the Chair.

The Committee reviews and approves the structure of all
perlormance-related pay schemes (poth annual and longer-term
schemes) tor the Executive Directors and the Group's senior
leadership team, including setting the associated targets and
performance conditions. it monitors performance against those
conditions and approves the vesting and payment outcomes.

Akey priority of the Committee is to transition towards
arrangements that shift the balance of remuneration towards cash
annual variable pay. Currently, this type of pay makes up a small
portion of overall remuneration. The aim is to reduce the reliance
on share incentives, to bring share dilution from employee share
awards more into kine with conventional UK-quoted company
dilution limit guidelines.

Note 22 to the financial statements sets out further details of the
Group’s share-based payment schemes of the Group.

Company performance in FY 24

FY 24 was a challenging year for the Group with a more competitive
market environment, resulting ic lower profits than were initiaily
anticipated, in determining FY 24 remuneration outcomes for the
Executive Tarectors, the Remuneration Committee hag taken into
consideration the overall perforrnance of the Group for FY 24
and shareholder returns, Overail levels of remuneration for the
Executive Directors for FY 24 were therefore significantly lower
than FY 23, wath no annual cash bonus payments having been
awarded and no vesting of FY 24 equity awards.

For other employees vuthin the Group, the Committes decided
to enable partial vestings, in recognition that some of the FY 24
performance conditions have been met, and to mcentivise and
retain a high quality team to deliver the Group's stated growth
plans for FY 25 and beyond

85

Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Activities of the Committee during FY 24

Reviewed the Remuneration Committee report in the FY 23
Annual Report and Accounts.

- Recommended to the Goard the purchase of shares by the

- Approved the grant of share incentive awards in July 2023

Company's employee benefit trust to satisty future exercises
of equity incentive awards.

Approved FY 23 profit share outcomes for Executive Directors
and senior management,

and the associated performance criteria for Executive
Directors and senior management of the Group for FY 24.

Approved the vesting of equity incentive awards granted to
Executive Directors and senior managernent in prior periods,
having assessed the associated performance conditions.

oO
8
3
8
S
5
3
3
3
3
3
3

Approved updates to the rules of tne Group's share
incentive schemes.

Undertook an annual review and approval of the terms of
reference for the Remuneration Committee,

~. Reviewed the new principles on ramuneration in the 2023 QCA

Code and considering how these would be applied by the Groun.

Appointed an external specialist remuneration consuttant,
haglenfern Remuneration Advisory, to undertake a full review
of existing variable remuneration arrangements, and to assist
in shaping a draft new Remuneration Policy for FY 25, more
closely aligned to market standards and typical dilution levels.

Undertook a consultation with shareholders in relation to the
new Remuneration Policy and FY 25 remuneration arrangements
for Executive Directors and senior management.

alphafme.cam


===== page 89 =====
86 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Activities of the Committee during FY 24
continued

In addition, there were a number of activities undertaken between
31 March 2024 and the date of this report. including:

Determined FY 24 remuneration outcomes for the Executive
Directors and senior management in view of FY 24 business
performance, including share incentive award vestings and
bonus awards;

— Set FY 26 salary levels and variable remuneration for ine Executive
Directors and senior management, including the associated
financial and non-financiat periormance conditions; and

— Completed the consultation with major shareholders in
relation to the FY 25 Remuneration Policy and arrangements.

Remuneration Policy for FY 24

The key elements of remuneration of the Executive Directors
and senior management of the Group in respect of FY 24
were unchanged from those set out on pp 73-77 of the FY 23
Remuneration Committee report within the Annual Report and
Accounts 2023. This comprised base saiary, country specific
pension and benefits, an annual bonus epportunity and share
incentive awards. FY 24 remuneration outcomes for the
Executive Directors are set aut on pp 91-93 of this report.

New Remuneration Policy for FY 25 and
shareholder consultation process

During FY 24, the Remuneration Committee, with guidance from
an external remuneration consultant, h2glenfern Remuneration
Advisory, and with support from the Company Secretary, conducted
a review of the Group's existing Remuneration Policy, and shaped
anew Remuneration Policy to take effect from 7 April 2024 for the
Executive Directors and senior management of the Group.

The objectives of the updates to the Remuneration Policy for
FY 25 are:

To ensure Executive Director remuneration is aligned to strong
Group performance, the delivery of the Group’s strategic
objectives and to shareholder interests; and

— To bring Executive Director remuneration arrangements more
closely inte line with UK best practice guidelines, reflecting the
Group's size, profile and status as a large AIM company.

A key element of these changes is to support the future rebalancing
of variable remuneration towards cash end away from share
incentives, to bring share dilution from employee share awards
more into line with conventional UK-quoted company dilution limit
guidelines over a transition period,

Importantly, there is no intention to increase the overall remuneration
opportunity at on-target levels of performance for the Executive
Directors in FY 25, bul instead to restructure remuneration
arrangements in line with best practice and sharpen the alignment
of remuneration to Group performance. The Remuneration Committee
will ensure that performance concitions are appropriately stretching
to ensure higher ievels of remuneration are eamed only for excellent
performance. New features of the FY 25 arrangements include

alphafme.com

Abonus deferral mechanism, in conjunction with an increased
maximum cash bonus opportunity;

~ The introduction of an additional two-year post-vesting holding
period for long-term equity incentives;

-- The introduction of 25% threshold vesting levels for both the
bonus and long-term equity incentives;

- Ashareholding guideline for Executive Directors; and

~ The introduction of market standard maius and
clawback arrangements.

At our 2024 AGM (if held), resolutions te appreve amendments
to our existing equity incentive plans and to approve a bonus
deferral plan will be put to shareholders for approval.

Shareholder consultation process

The Committee undertook a formal consultation with the Group's
major institutional shareholders covering 56% of the share register
as at 31 March 2024, to seek their views on this proposed new
Remuneration Policy. Of the 12 institutionai investors that were
contacted, we received 11 responses, the large majority of which
expressed support, The Committee answered questions and
addressed points from investors, including attending a meeting
requested by one shareholder.

| would like to thank those investors that took the time and effort
to engage with us during this process. While some differing
preferences among investors is inevitable, we believe that the
resuiting new Remuneration Policy is aligned to the views of the
large majority of our major investors and generally accepted good
practice for large AIM-quoted companies.

Introduction of shareholder vote on remuneration

As mentioned above, in accordance with the recommendations of
the 2023 QCA Code, we intend to introduce an advisory shareholder
vote on our Executive Director remuneration arrangements at the
2025 AGM (it held), We recognise that active engagement on
remuneration-related matters is becoming increasingly important
to our investors, and we positively support this.

Looking ahead

We look forward to overseeing the operation of the Group's
new Remuneration Policy throughout FY 25 and to providing
shareholders with the opportunity to vote on these remuneration
arrangements for the first time at our 2025 AGM (if held)

‘The Committee is conscious that the maximum annual bonus
opportunity for the Executive Directors in FY 25, as detailed
below, remains significantly below carnparative levels of
campetitor companies. Subject to parformance and strategic
delivery, the Committee will review this parameter towards the
end of FY 25 and consider increasing the maximum annual bonus
opportunity for the CEO and CFO to 150% ef salary and 125% of
salary, respectively, for FY 26. This will continue to be coupled
with threshold targets corresponding to a pay out at 25% of
maximum and stretch targets in line with market standards, to
ensure that there is no significant increase in remuneration for
equivalent on-largel performance, In FY 25, the weightings of
performance conditions attached te share incentive awards will
be 75:25 between EPS and relative TSR targets. The Committee
will keep these weightings under review and may consider moving
this to a 50:60 balance between EPS and relative TSR targets
from FY 26.


===== page 90 =====
Remuneration Policy effective from 1 April 2024

The new Remuneration Policy is detailed in the table below, which deseribes how each component of remuneration is linked to the
Group's strategy and is operated in practice:

Executive Directors’ Remuneration Policy Table (effective from I April 2024)

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 87

Component
salary

To pay a competitive

basic salary to attract,

retain and motivate
the talent required to
operate and develop
the business and to
develop and deliver
the Group's strategy.
Pension Part of a competitive
Executive Director
remuneration
package, to provide
an opportunity to
build up income
for retirement

Benefits To provide market-
competitive benefits.

Annuaf cash
bonus scheme

The purpose of the
annual cash bonus
scheme is to
incentivise and
reward short term:
performance, and to
align the interests of
the Executive
Directors, the Grou
and sharaholders in
the short- and
medium-term.

“Benefits include country-specific

Operation
Sase salary is reviewed annually and
takes account of the responsibilities,
experience and performance of the
incividual and competitive pressures.
Itis reviewed each year with any
changes effective trom 1 April.

All Executive Direstors are eligibie to
participate in the Group's Personal
Pension Scheme on the same terms
a8 other employees in the same
employment countries.

contributions, which may include
private medical expenses cover, life
insurance cover, maternity/paternity
pay and other ancillary benefits,

The Cammittes assesses actual
performance compared to the
performance targets following the
completion of the financial year and
determines the bonus payable t©
sach individual,

Up to 25% of the maximum
payable in raspect of a financial
measure will be paid for threshold
performance, Up to 50% of the
maximum payable in respect of a
financial measure will be paid for
on-target performance, increasing
to 100% for stretch performance.

Bonus payments are subject to
malus and clawback provisions
(see p. 88 for further details)

25% of bonus payments will be
deferred for a period of two years
and payable in shares. The deterral
will be waived if the amount to be
deferred is less than £25,000.

NA

NVA

Maxirnum
opportunity under
this policy is up to
160% of salary for
CEO and 125% of
salary for CFO.

For FY 28, the
maximum bonus
opportunities will be
20% of salary for the
CEO and 60% of
salary for the CFO.
See p. 94 for

further details.

Perform
None, atthough overall
performance of the individual
and the Comany will be
taken into consideration by
the Committee when setting
and reviewing salary jevels.

160

NA

NA

Performance measures
and targets are set by the
Committee on an annual
basis to reflect the Group's
strategic priorities.

For FY 25, 70% of the
opportunity will be based on
key financial measures and
30% of the opportunity wit
ibe based on non-financial
measures, some of which will
include ESG-related objectives.

Vesting in respect of any
non-financial measure will
be between 0% and 100%
based on the Committee's
assessment of the extent to
which the relevant measure
is achieved.

Vesting in respect of any
non-financial measure will
ordinarily be subject to the
satisfaction of a financial
performance underpin,

alphafme.com

9
8
3
3
Ff
8
2
2
3
a
i
5
3



===== page 91 =====
88 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Gores ss

Remuneration Policy effective from 1 April 2024 continued

Purpose and link

to strategy Operation Maximum opportu
Long-term Toincentiviseand Awards willbe granted subject to. Maximum of 180% of The Committee may vary
equity reward tong-tern demanding performance conditions salary for GEO and the type and weighting of
incentive performance and covering a minimum period of 125% of salary for performance conditions
awards value creation, and three years, GFO in usual chosen for each annual
? circumstances. round of awards
toalign the "eres's A maximum af 25% of the awards i,

of the Executive
Directors, the Group
and shareholders in
the long-term and to
promote retention.

vest at threshold level of performance, in exceptional Performance metrics will
with vesting typically increasing on a circumstances (such be based on at least two
straight-line basis to full vesting for as on the recruitment financial measures {likely to
meeting or exceeding a stretching ofanew Executive —_ be EPS growth and relative
lavel of outpertormance. Director} awards in TSR performance against
respect of any a benchmark).

financial year may be

granted at the level of

up to 300% of salary.

Awards are subject to an additional
holding period of two years post-
vesting. Awards may be exercised
at the end of the three-year vesting
period, but shares may only be sold
during the holding period to cover
tax liabilities arising from the exercise,

Awards are subject to malus and
clawback provisions (see below for
further details).

Shareholding Encourages Executive The Chief Executive Officer N/A NA
guidelines Directors to build a expected to maintain @ shareholding

meaningful equivalent to 200% of base salary

shareholding to throughout employment.

further align interests

with shareholders. Other Executive Directors are also

expected to build up and maintain
a sharehatding of 200% of salary
over the five-year period from
their appointment,

The shareholding guideline includes
benoficialy owned shares and vested
share options on an after-tax basis.

Notes to the Remuneration Policy Long-term equity incentives: Maius may be applied before the
assessment of performance conditions in relation to an equity

Malus and clawback conditions 6
incentive award. Clawback may be applied to an equity incentive

Malus and clawback may be applied to bonus and equity award for up to two years following the assessment of performance
incentive awards in certan specif circumstances including conditions at the vesting date {inclusive of any holding periog).
amiaterial misstatement of the accounts, a material error in

assessing performance conditions, grass misconduct on the Updates to share plan scheme rutes and new Deferred

part of the participant. fraud, material dishonesty, wrongdoing Bonus Scheme

or breach of contract that is a potentially justifiabie reason for The majority of changes to the long-term equity incentive
dismissal, breach of fiduciary duties, and misconduct leading arrangements for FY 25 can be accommodated under the

to significant losses or 2 material failure of risk management Group's existing share pian rules, However, updates to the

scneme rules to allow for the new malus and clawoack
provisions, togetner witn some other minor administrative
updates, will be made and tabled for shareholder approval at

the 2024 AGM (if held). it is also necessary to introduce a new
Deferred Bonus Plan to accommodate the share deferral element
of the Executive Director bonus scheme. The rules of this new
scheme will also be put to shareholders for approval at the 2024
AGM (if hela}.

Annual bonus: Malus may be applied betore a bonus is paid.
Clawback may be applied to a cash bonus or deferred bonus
payment after it has been paid for a period of up to two years
after payment.

alphatme.com


===== page 92 =====
89

Annuai Report & Accounts 2024

Overriding Remuneration Committee discretion Leaver and change in control provisions

The table below sets cut the remuneration arrangements for
Executive Directors in spacific circumstances, including leaving
the business or a change of control of the Group (with effect from

In respect of the annua! bonus and fong-term equity incentive
awards, the Remuneration Committee has discretion to vary the
Pay-out or vesting level from formulaic outcomes snoutd any such

outcome not reflect the Committee's assessment of overall + April 2024},
business performance or ifit considers the formulaic cutout
inappropriate in the context of the overall shareholder returns or $
an exceptional negative event. 3
Fy
Circumstances ‘Treatment — annual bonus ‘Treatment — iong-term equity e awards °
Leavers ~ other than Sonus corner “hr neferred bonis awards for mg the verformance ar deo z
good leavers Participation will lapse on the date of cessation. vesting perads: Fi
. Awards will normally laose on the date of cessation if = AY
Dorerrea bonus wearets 3

this is bafore the vesting date,
Deferred bonus awards will normally lapse in full

salieri darmg the aoleing perc.

The holding period will normally continue to apply.

deferred bors awardsy

Good leavers: Bonus iether aa Cessation during the performance parte
Retirement. pitty, The Remuneration Committee wil typically assess Awards granted in FY 25 omwards will noxmely

health, disability, o-tormance against targets at the end of the period, remain in place and vesting levels will be assessed
death, redundancy,

apply time-based pro-rating and make payment in line at their normal assessment date. The vesting level
with the workings of the plan and subject to the wil be based on achievement of performance targets
normal deferral terms. The Remuneration Commities and subject to time pro-rating (reduction} based on
may, however, apply discretion to determine the most the portion of the performance period which has
appropriate outcome and make earlier payment and elapsed at the point of departure with vested awards
pay entirely in cash subject to the normal holding period. The Remuneration
Committee may, however, apply discretion to determine
the most appropriate outcome, including waiving the
holding period

or other reasons at
the Committee’s
discretion

Defer-ed Ssnus svaras

Deferred bonus awards will ordinarily continue and
become payable on the ordinary payment/vesting

Change in contro!

date, although the Committee retains discrstion to
release any such award on the date of termination,
before the ordinary payment/vesting date in

appropriate circumstances (e.g. death or il-healthy.

Bonus futher tnas deferred bon ss avard

The Remuneration Committee will exercise its
discretion to determine the level of bonus paid taking
into account performance up to the point of the
change in control and normally pro-rating pay-out
levels to reffect the portion of the year which has
elapsed. No deferral will be applied.

Defarrse set us awards

Quistanding deferred bonus awards will vest in full.

Cessation dlarmy tne holding perise
‘The holding period wii normally continue to apply unless
the Remuneration Cammittee determines otherwise.

During the performance period

Outstanding awards granted in FY 25 onwards will
vest on completion of the change in contral subject
to the Remuneration Committee's assessment of
performance up to thal paint and subject to time
pro-rating {reduction}, unless the Remuneration
Committee determines otherwise. No holding period,
will apply to vested awards.

Eyaneg the nalding ser ed
The holding period will terminate and vested awards
wih pe released in full at the point of change in control

alphatme.com


===== page 93 =====
90 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Corns

Notes to the Remuneration Policy continued
Directors’ service agreements

The Executive Directors as at the date of this report entered into
service agreements with the Company on the folowing cates

Notice period by

Date of service Company and
Director agreement Term __. __.by Director
Luc Baqué 29 March 2023 Indefinite 6 months

{effective from

1 April 2023)
John Paton 28 February 2018 Indefinite 6 months

The Non-Executive Directors do not have service agreements.
However, the Non-Executive Directors’ letters of appointment
provide that their tenure of office is for periods of three years,
unless renewed for a further term or until terminated by the
Non-Executive Director or the Company on giving to the other
three months’ prior written notice, Each Non-Executive Director
is typically expected to serve for two three-year terms but may be
invited by the Board to serve for an additional period.

Regardless of these terms of appointment, each Director offers
themselves for annual re-election by shareholders at every AGM.
of the Company, in line with best practice,

Notice
period by
Company
and
Director of ap a: Director*
Ken Fly 6 September zuzs = 2026 AGM” 3 months
Penny Judd 23 September 2021-2024 AGM**_— 3 months
Jill May 6 September 2028  2026AGM == 3 months
Maeve Byrne 16 May 2022 2025 AGM — 3 months

Policy on recruitment
When hiring 4 new Executive Director, the Committee will
consider the overall remuneration package by reference to the
Femuneration Policy set out in this report. Salary and annual
bonus levels will be set so as to be competitive with comparable
roles in companies in similar sectors, and also taking into account
the experience, seniority and the scope of responsibility of the
appointee coming inte the role.

The approach in respect of compensation for forfeited remuneration
from a previous employer will be considered on a case-by-case
basis taking into account all relevant factors, such as the form of
compensation forfeited, performance achieved or likely to be
achieved, and the proportion of the performance period remaining,
Ifany compensation for forfeited remuneration is paid, it may be
awarded outside the standard equity incentive awards and may
de made with non-standard performance conditions, or without
performance conditions and with a shorter vesting period and
without a holding period to reflect the profiie of forfeited awards.
Any such arrangements would be disclosed in the following year's
Annual Feport.

New Executive Directors will be able to participate in the annual
bonus scheme on a pro-rated basis for the portion of the financial
year for which they are in post. New Executive Directors may
receive benefits and pension contributions in line with the Company's
existing policy. Long-term equity incentive awards are made on an
ongoing basis in line with our policy for Executive Directors and
other senior management. In the year of recruitment, a higher
award may be macie to the new recruit (within the limits of the
Remuneration Policy, being a maximum of 300% of salary). Where
existing employees are promoted to become Executive Directors.
their remuneration will be operated in line with the Company's
policy from the date of promotion with the terms of outstanding
remuneration, such as deferred bonus amounts and outstanding
long-term equity incentive awards, retaining the terms appiied at
their point of award.

External appointments

Executive Directors may accept one external non-executive
directorship with the prior agreement of the Board, provided it
does not conflict with the Group's interests and the time commitment
does not impact upon the Executive Director’s ability to perform
their primary duty. The Executive Director may retain the fee from
the extarnal directorship.

Remuneration Policy for Non-Executive Directors

The policy for Non-Executive Directors is set by the Board and
takes into consideration the need to attract the highest calibre
non-executive Board members, wih broad and relevant commercial
experience. Reference is also made to fees in other companies
broadly similar in size with similar time commitments and comploxity.

Each Non-Executive Director is paid a basic fee. Additional fees
are payable for acting as Senior Independent Directar and as
Chair of the Audit and Risk, Remuneration, Nomination and ESG
Committees. The Non-Executive Directors are not eligible to
participate in the Company's pevformance-rolated incentive plans
or pension arrangements. Non-Executive Directors may be eligible
to receive benefits such as the use of secretarial support, travel
costs and other benefits that may be considered appropriate.

Non-Executive Director fees are typically reviewed oy the Board
every year with any adjustments ordinarily effective from 1 April
each year, Increases typically do not exceed those of the wider
workforce, however. in appropriate circumstances, increases of
a higher amount may be made taking into account individual
circumstances such as an increase in scape or responsibility of
the individual's role, alignment to market levels, or a change in
the size or complexity of the ousiness.

Remuneration of employees betow Executive Director level

The principles behind the Remuneration Policy for Executive
Directors are cascaded down through the Group, as far as is
appropriate. They aim to attract and retain the best staff and to
focus their remuneration on the delivery of long-term sustainabie
growth by using a mix of selary, benefits, bonus and longer-term
incentives. As a result, no element of the Executive Director
Remuneration Policy is operated exclusively for Executive Directors.

26 Hf the offer by etiam Bickco (UK) Limited to scquire Aloha, referred to elsewhere 1 this report, is completed, ts expected that the Non-Executive Directors will esign shortly after ts
completion In addition, no further AGMS woLia be held ater completion of the offer if, as expected. the Company Is r@-cagistored as a privata compar following comnletlon,
27 While Ken Frys term of appointment expres a1 the 2026 AGM, he will have served as Directo~ for nine years ny 2025 and is therefore expectad thal he will not Sex re-election by

shareholders at the 2025 AGM if held)

26 The Board nas approved tha appointment of Penny Judd for a further three years trom the date of the 2024 AGM af held)

alphafme.com


===== page 94 =====
The Board believes that this structure provides a compelling
remuneration package that reinforces teamwork, aligns the
employees with the Group’s objectives and helps to promote
a feeling of ownership amongst all employees.

Al employees of the Group receive a fixed salary that is
competitive to the market and a profit share or cash bonus
scheme, alongside other benefits.

Certain senior employees aiso receive long-term equity incentive
awards. Performance metrics for annual bonus schemes and
long-term equity incentives for employees below Board ievel
typically have @ greater focus on regional and/or divisional targets
and personal objectives, with a iesser focus on overall Group
performance, to ensure that these are meaningtul and relevant to
the incividuals concerned, Fram FY 25, senior management

Annual report on remuneration

FY 24 Executive Directors’ remuneration outcomes

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 = 91

incentive arrangements retain an element of Group EPS and TSR
performance measured over three years,

It is the intention that a gradual rebalancing of remuneration
towards annual cash variable pay and away from share incentives
over a five-year transition period will also be applied to this group.
to support a reduction in share dilution levels over time.

Share award dilution levels

In order to bring dilution from share awards more into line with the
UK market standard, alongside the changes to Executive Director
remuneration, the Group is implementing changes to the remuneration
of other senior executives and employees to rebalance variable
remuneration towards cash from share incentives. To ensure
smooth, fait and effective implementation, the reduction in the
tevel of share awards will be carried out over five years.

The single-figure tabie below summarises the remuneration of the Directors who served during the current year:

Gainson Gains on
‘Other Other vesting of vesting of
Salary Salary benefits benefits equity equity
and an (private (private incentive — incentive
fees™ fees" Pension Pension neatthcare) healthcare) Bonus” Bonus awards” awards” Total Total
£000 £000 £7000 £7000 £000 £'000 £000 £7000 £000 £000 £'000 £'000
_ _ev26 FY23 FY24 FY23FY2s FY23 FY24—FY23FY2$ FY23FY24 | FY.23
Executive
Directors
Luc Baqué 623 NA 42 NA 1 - - NA 644 NA 1,210 NIA
John Paton 325 300 - = 1 - - 30 510 266 83696
Non-
Executive
Directors
Maeve Byme 6s 56 - = - - - - - - 60 86
Ken Fry 10193 - - - - - - - — 18 93
Penny Judd 6 68 - - - - - - 69 63
Jill May 69 63 - - - - _ - = - 69 63
Total = 15GB AD — 2 - = 304,154 366 2,354 871

2, feet P5000 per ann un was

tae 1035 mereased fo 85.390 per anrum,
ters to the Boe'd a0 } Apes 2925. His remuneraon ae 21 amply

29. On 12 September 212
FY 83 For Fy 20 this

20 Lue Bane nae 3t
sureg

[227 for each Non-Lxsoutve Drector for tha ork chaining a Baar coewmitios, 76 fee "kas Gear Er>-raled accoroirgly fo"

7 23 fe not noluded w IMs tab#8 or "mo 9885 shat he #5 Nn aD rsctor of ths Company

23 Maeve Bving was appo.r'se on 19 May 2922: Per annual tag for FY 23 of £611,062 nas orarrated accordingly

2° No aruses Were ay.ar2eo 9 the Exnculva Srscto’s in lat on 2 FY 24 For FY 2% tha Commtles apg-cuad the award af Exacta wactor botuses fer FY 23 af the acuwalent of 1%

of ing especlve nase salanes,
82 "58188 BSUS gx
anc rarmar une

i) Finher deals

a Ou1 0” pp 32"

te Luv Baque 97 22 vuly 2020 vesten an were release 99 22 June 2022 12682 JSOP awaits granted! 10 Jaw Patar on 22 July 2020 vaste on 22 Jub, 2923

133.36 .105 JSOP awards granted te John Paton on 13 July 2579 vestea of 19 July 2022 ar d sere suUsen ently exercised 27 24 ALgust 2022. In the FY 23 Arr.a' Report. again of
2388.020 was reporte” wo velaton te sann Paton's exereise ol equly megnlive awanik on 24 August 2022 Frarr FY 24 onaiards, gavns on wes (rather ‘han exernise} Sauy Wicente
Baars ara being "ena"ted "tho single Sauce table, Theratore tower sure consstenc, this FY 23 igure has peer updated Io relact the gia” cn he vesting date a! 1B July 2022

alphatme.com

9
g
3
8
2
a
2
Ey
3
2
FH
3



===== page 95 =====
Annual report on remuneration continued

Salary, benefits and pension

For FY 24, Luc Baque's salary was €600,000 (°523,000) and
John Paton's salary was £325,000. During the year pension
contributions were received by Luc Baqué of €49,000 (£42,000).
No pension contributions were received by John Paton during
the year.

Annual bonus

in FY 24, both of the Executive Directors were eligible to earn a
performance-related cash bonus of up to 10% of base salary,
with the opportunity for higher bonuses in the event of financial
outperformance, Given that FY 24 profits were below targeted
levels, no bonuses were awarded to the Executive Directors in
respect of FY 24.

Share incentive plan
The Committee approved the grant of annual incentive awards to
the senior management team globally, including the Executive
Directors, in July 2023, comprising UK joint share ownership plan
awards (‘JSOP" shares) and MIP share options. Details of the
awards granted to the Executive Directors are set out below,

The periormance criteria for FY 24 snare incentive awards tc the
Executive Directors and senior management of the Group were
four-fold and depended on the individual and their role

— The Group achieving adjusted EPS growth in FY 24 of 11.25%
or more to trigger a maximum award, or 7.5% to trigger a 66%
award, with a linear agplication of awards between these levels.

The Group achieving a TSR over three years in excess of the
mean TSR delivered by a peer group of comparable companies.

Personal adherence to corporate values and risk policy.

Personel targets and goals, including business unit EBITDA
for members of senior management.

The performance conditions for share incentive awards to be
granted to the Executive Directors and senior management in
FY 26 and beyond will be more closely aligned to market
standards for an AIM-quoted company of Alpha's size, as
explained on 9. 88.

Vesting during FY 24

In June 2028, 154,185 RSU awards granted to Luc Baqué on

22 June 2020 {prior to his appointment to the Board) vested and

were released. The closing price at the award date was £1.85 and
the price on the vest date was £4.18.

in July 2023, 126,652 JSOP awards granted to John Paton on
22 July 2020 vested. The closing price at the award date was
£1.85 and the hurdle rate was £2.11. The closing price on the

date of vest was £4.03. These awards remain unexercised by

John Paton.

The performance conditions relating to these awards, including
EPS growth in FY 21, total shareholder return and financial and
behavioural targets, were met in ull.

Details of Executive Directors’ share awards held as at 31 March 2024
are set out below:

Luc Baaué
Options/RSUs Options/RSUs
asat Granted Share price ‘Share price Exercised/ Lapsed asat Vesting/
1 April during atgrant atvest/release released during during 31 March release
Grant date 2023 _the year <a _) ___theyear 2024 date,
18/06/2019 154,185 - 228 a8 - - Vested on
22/06/2023
22/07/2020 253,304 - 185 - - - 253,304 22/07/2024"
06/07/2021 205,882 - 353 - - - 205,882 06/07/2024"
01/07/2022 179,487 - 320 - - - 179,487 01/07/2025
04/07/2028" — 201,005 400 - - - 201,005 04/07/2026
Total 792,858 201,005 (154,185) - 839,678

34 Luc Baque has two awarcs vesting in July 2024 relating fo his previous rove and granted uncer the Fronch Share Plan Alles. m respect af two saparate performance periods

3b Basect on the Gommnitiee’s assessment of the performance canattions of hase awards, vayich nckids one-year EPS performance for FY 24, thes

vail eat vet

alphafme.com

awards held by the Executive Dwsctors:


===== page 96 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024

date Paton
Options Share price Share price
‘as at Granted during ‘at grant at vest
Grantdate 1 April2023__theyear {P)_______()_duringthe yoar
22/07/2020 126,652 ~ 185 403 -
06/07/2021 83,823. - 353 - -
ovo7/2022 76.923 - 390 - -
- 400 - -

04/07/2023"

Tetal 287,399

87,939
87,939

Exercised Lapsed during asa
__the year_31 March 2024

93

Options

Vesting date

126,852 ‘Vested on

22/07/2023, but

remain unexercised

83,823 06/07/2024

76,923 01/07/2025

87,999 o4/o7/2026
975,337

Payments to past Directors for loss of office
‘There were no payments for loss of office during the year. Euan Fraser stepped down trom the role of Chief Executive Officer and
jrom the Board on 31 March 2023 and remained employed by the Group as a Strategic Adviser ta the Board on a part-time basis
until 9 January 2024, The Remuneration Committee deemed him to be a good leaver and, as such, he retained his outstanding share
awards, which vest at the end of their normal vesting periods and are subject to performance and other conditions.

Non-Executive Directors’ fees

For FY 24, the Chairman of the Board received a fee of £95,400 and the base fee for the three other Non-Executive Directors was set
at £63,600 during the year. The Chair of each committee of the Board received an additional annual fee of £5,300.

Remuneration consuitants

‘The Group engaged h2glentorn Remuneration Advisory as its Remunsration Consultant during the year, t0 conduct a formal review
of the Group's Semuneration Policy for the Executive Directors and the senior management team, and to support the formulation and
implementation of the Group's EY 25 Remuneration Policy. hagienfern is a member of the UK Remuneration Consultants Group and,
as such, voluntarily adheres to its Code of Conduct. The Committee considers the advice that it receives from h2glenfern to be
independent. There are no relationships between h2gienfem and either the Company or its individual Directors to be disclosed.

Direetors’ share interests

The Directors’ interests in the share capital of the Company as at 31 March 2024 and the movements during the year are sot out below:

Luc Baqué
John Paton
Maeve Byrne
Ken Fry
Penny Judd
Jil May

Number of
ordinary
shares as at
31 March
2023

(or date of
appointment)

1,068,929
158,741

184,090

12,307

Disposed of
during the
_year

Acquired
during the
year
164,185

Number ot Percentage
ordinary of total voting

sharesas at rights as at
31 March 31 March
2024 2024
"4228114 1.00%
488,741 013%
- 0.00%
184,090 018%
- 0.00%
12,307 0.01%

There were no changes in the Directors’

interests in shares between G1 March 2024 and 20 June 2024,

alpnatms.com

o
g
2
g
Fs
5
g
8
Hy
FI
2
3
g



===== page 97 =====
94 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Annual report on remuneration continued
Remuneration arrangements for FY 25

The Remuneration Committee sees FY 25 as a transitional year
in terms of the Group's remuneration strategy, to which the principles
of new Remuneration Policy have been applied, together with:
some transitional arrangements to avoid any significant variations
in on-target earnings for equivalent performance from FY 24 to
FY 25, Importantly, there is no intention to increase the overall
remuneration opportunity at on-target leveis of performance.
Stretching performance conditions will ensure that significant
out-performance against targets is raquirad for maximum,

vesting to occur.

The Committee has set FY 25 remuneration for the Executive
Directors as follows:

Base salarios

Taking into consideration the performance of the Group in FY 24
and the challenging market context, the Remuneration Committee
has agreed that base salaries for the Executive Directors for F¥ 25
will remain unchanged from FY 24 levels. Luc Baqué's salary from
1 April 2024 is therefore €600,000 per annum. John Paton’s
salary from 1 April 2024 is therefore £325,900 per annum.

Annuat bonus

The FY 25 bonus maximum opportunity for the Chief Executive
Officer, Lue Baqué, and for the Chief Financial Officer, John Paton,
will be set at 90% of salary anc 60% of salary, respectively.

70% of the overall opportunities will vest by reference to performance
against financial objectives (split 45% for CBITDA growl aiid 25%
for net fee income growth}. 30% of the opportunities will vest by

reference to personal performance against non-financial objectives.

For 25% of the bonus awards opportunities to vest, threshold
performance aligned to market consensus must be met.
Significant outperformance beyond target levels is required for
100% of the opportunities to vest. Therefore, while the bonus
opportunities have been increased from FY 24 to FY 25, more
stringent thresholds and stretch targets have been applied than in
FY 24, Market standard malus and clawback canditions also apply.

25% of bonuses paid ta the Executive Directors will be subject to
@ two-year deferral into shares, subject to £25,000 minimum
share deferral.

alphafme.com

storm equity incentive awards

The FY 25 equity incentive opportunity for the Chiat Executive
Officer, Luc Baqué, will be set at a maximum opportunity at 150%
of salary, The FY 25 equily incentive opportunity for the Chief
Financial Officer, John Paton, will be set at a maximum opportunity
at 125% of salary. These opportunities are set at similar levels to
FY 24, bul are subject to more stringent vesting requirements
than in FY 24. Key features of the equity incentive awards in FY 25
are as follows:

75% of the opportunity will vest by reference to EPS growth
over thres years, Thresnold vasting of 25% of the awards will
occur at 5% compound annual growth rate {"CAGR’). Full
vesting at 12% CAGR;

— 25% of the opportunity will vest by reference to relative TSR
growth over three years. Threshold vesting at median and full
vesting at upper quartile performance;

Three-year vesting period, followed by a two-yaar holding
period, and

-- Market standard malus and claw back conditions.

It is intended that the full vesting target level will increase to 15%
CAGR for FY 26 awards. 12% CAGR nas been applied for FY 25
to provide for a smooth transition to the new structure. The previous
three-year relative TSR target required performance in excess of
the mean of a peer group. As such, significantly higher levels of
‘overall performance are required under the naw structure to
trigger higher levels of vesting.

Charman and Non-Executive Director fees for FY 25

The Board approved an annual increase of 3.5% in Non-Executive
Director fees for FY 25, taking into account inflation rates and the
Group's annual pay review for UK employees, With effect from

+ April 2024, the Chairman's base fee is £98,700 per annum and
the Non-Executive Directors’ base fees are £65,800 per annum.
Each Non-Executive Director also chairs a Board committee and
receives an adcitional fee of £5,500 per annum.

Penny Judd
Char of the Remuneration Committee

Be Junie 204


===== page 98 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 95

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting pic is incorporated in England and Wales with registered number 09965297. The Company's
registered office is 60 Gresham Street. London, EC2V 7BB. The Company is a public limited company and 1s listed on AIM of the
London Stock Exchange.

The Diractors believe that the requisite components of this report are set out elsewhere in the Annual Report and/or on the Company's
website, alphafme,com/investors. The table sets out where the necessary disclosures can be found,

Business performance

Alpha Finanotal Markets Consulting ple 1s the holding company far a global group of companies, the principal activity of
which is the prowssion of consulting and related services to clients in the asset management, waaith management and
insurance industries,

A review of the parlormance and {uture development of the Group's business is contained in the Chairman's, the Chief
Executive Officer's and the Ghiel Financial Office's retorts on po 9-11, pp 12-19 and pp 28-90 respectively.

The financial results for the year ended 3t March 2024 are set out in the Chief Financial Officer's report on pp 26-30 and in
the consolidated statement of comprehensive Income on p. 108 and further commented upon in the Chief Executive
Otficar's report an pp 12-15.

‘The Directors consider the current state of affairs ofthe Group to be satisfactory

’An intern cident of 3.700 per share was pad In Decomiber 2029 (FY 29: 3.70p).n vow ofthe recommended cash
offer to acquire Alpha by Actum Bidco (LIK) Limited, a netwiy incorporated inirect subsidiary of certain funds managed
by Bridgepomt Adusers Limied, the Board is not recommending a fa! dividend. 1 tha acquisition does not complete,
itis expected that the Board would declare a final dividend in respect of FY 24 at s later date.

Information regarding dividend nayments can also be found in note 10 0 the consolidated fnancial statoments

‘The Strategic Report can be found on pp 4-6

Activities in research
and: development
Future duvelopmenta: On 20 June 2024, the Board anncunced a recommended cash offer to acquire Ajpha by Actium Bidco (UK} Limited, a newly

incorporated incirect subsidiary of certain funcs managed by Bridgepoint Advisers Limited. Furthor detalls of [his offer ean
be found on p. 84 and on the Company's website.

Further details about the Company's future developments can Oe found inthe strategy section on pp 22-23,

| Dota of postoalance sheer events are proviced in note 27 to he consoicated fnancia! stalements. Additonal. tne reports
of the Chief Executive Officer and Chiet Financial Officer provide updates on trading after the balance sheet dats,

The Directors have considered the going concern status of the Compary and are satisted thatthe Company remains
a going concern, Details of the going concein basis are set out imnete 7 to the consolkiated financial staternents,
Further commentary car. be found in the Cnet Francia Oca report on p, 30,

| Alpha Financial Markets Consuting pic has a branch n range. Additonal, a8 disclosed on. 6. alr he year-end,
Alpha launched a new branch in Abu Dhabi, vihichis to be oversean by and wilinially form part of the UK business.

The notes to the financial staterens, including note 29 fom p. 142. mcd further mforrnation on the Groug's use ot
financial nstruments,

Directors thet have served dunng the year and surrimaries of the current Directors’ key skis and experience are set out in
the Corporate Governance report or pp 66-67

As permilted by the Ariicles of Associanen, the Directors have the benefit of an indemnity, which is a qualllying third-warty
Indemnity provision as detined by Secon 234 of the Companies Act 2006, The indemnity was in force throughout the
financial pariod and at the date of approval ofthe financial statements

Detalis of he Dractors’ benetiaal interests are sat out the Rerruneration Commies report on p. 93

‘The Group purchases and mantains Drectors’ and Officers’ ability insurance for the benekk is Drectars, which was in
place throughout the year and remains in alec at tha date of this report

alphatme.com

iv]
g
3
8
cy
2
3
5
H



===== page 99 =====
96 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Constitution

PRET PPro em 47y amencments to th Company's Artistes of Association may be made by special resolution of the shareholders. A coy
of the Articles of Association can be found on the Company's website’ aiphatme. cormvinvestors/aim-rule-26.

‘Tae Company nas only one class of ordinary share, which carries no right te jixect income, and each ordinary shere is,
antitled to one vote at general meetings of the Gompany.

Stakeholders and policies

Pee gestae! Tho Company's section 172 statement and key Board dacisions can be found in the Strategic Report on pp 31-36.

Employes engagewient etails of how the Group engages with Alpha employees are sat cut in the section 172 statement in the Strategie Report on
” p. 34 and furthar described in the looking alter our peapte section on pp 36-39.

g

Employees with Alpha is a Disability Confident Employer. Further details of Alpha’s commitment to being an inclusive and disabilty-Irendly
‘dieabilitien organisation are set out under the looking after eur people section on pp 36-39.

Ree heme nmnenrer gy Details of the key decisions and discussicns of the Board during the year and the main stakeholder inputs nto those
decisions are set out in the section 172 statement of the Strategic Report on pp 32-33,

and-key désiainns

Modarn Siavery. ‘The Company has approved and published its Modern Slavery Statemient on its website in accordance with the Modem
Statement Slavery Act 2015,

Political donations: The Company macia no political donations during the year to 31 March 2024,

De ee Le under the Companies (Directors’ Report) and Limited Liability Partnerships (Energy and Carbon Report) Regulations 2018,

Carbon Reporting we are mandated to discicse our UK energy use and associated greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions, Specifically, Alpha is

(CSECR") required to report those GHG emissions rojating 70 natural gas, electricity and transport fuel, 2s welll as an intensity ratio,
under the SECR Regulations. Further details can be found in the sustainable business section on pp 40-47,

‘The Group has this year published tts first TCFD report, which detai's haw the Group identifies and menitors elimate-retated

‘Task Force on.
Clmate-related risks and opportunities. This can be found on ap 48-81.

Financial Disclosure
report (“CFD report’)

The Group has established internal cantrol and risk management structures for preparing the consolidated financial
slatements, The key features of this framework ate descrived in the risk management section of the Strategic Report
on pp 52-56 and in noe 23 to the consolidated financial statements.

Shareholders and share capital

‘The Company's issued share capital as al 31 March 2024 was 122,009,736 ordinary shares of 0.075p each ("Ordinary
Shares’), none of which were held in treasury and 7,637,366 of which were held in the Company's employee benefit
trust ("EBT")

During the yeer, the EBT purchased a total of 1,035.154 Ordinary Shares in tne Company. Tre shares are held in the

EBT, a ciscretionary trust, and are intendled 10 be used to satisfy the exercise of share options by employees, «ncluding the
Executive Directors of the Company. A total of 7,537,366 Ordinary Shares were heid by the EST on 31 March 2024. These
Ordinary Shares nold voting rights, albeit the EBT does not exercise these voting rights, nor raceive dividends in respect of
these shares.

Details of the issued share capital anc movements in the Company's issued share capital during the year are shown in the
consolidated statement ot changes in aquity ard note 2¢ to the consolidated financial statements.

The Company has only ane class of Ordmary Share, which carries nc right to fixed income, Each Ordinary Share | entitied
to one vote al general meatings of the Company,

The Company was authorised by a shareholders’ resotution passed at the Annuat General Meeting neki on 6 September 2023
to purchase up to 10% of ts issued share capital for cancellation or hokling in treasury. This authority will expire at the 2024
AGM ff hold), The Company purchased’ no shares during the year under this authonty. During the year, the EBT ourshased a
tolal of 1,035,184 Orcinary Shares in the Company.

aiphafme.com


===== page 100 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 97

Shareholders and share capital continued

PONE ERERE STEERER As 3¢.20 June 2024, tho Company had been noted, m accordance with chapter fwe of the Disetosure and Transparency
Rules, or was otherwise aware, of the following significant interests in the issued ordinary share capital of the Company:

Percentage of

voting rights and
Name of person(s) subject issued share 2
_of notification - - capital 3
Invesco 3.81 g
Gresham House Asset ¢
Management Ltd 8.28 2
abrdn 6.29 3
Janus Henderson Investors 573 §
Rathbones Group ple 481 3

Kempen Oranje Participants NV. 4.84

Investec Wealth & Investment 4.60

Swedbank Robur 4.03

NFU Mutual 3.45

Details of the Company's 2024 AGM can be found on p. 75 of this report.

Auditor and audit

Diectoaure of In the case of each of the persons who are Directors of the Company at the dale when this report was approved

tetormettonr 66 So far as each of the Directors is aware, there is no information relevant to the audit of which the Company's auditor
the auditor is unaware; and

Each of the Drectors have taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as a Director to make themselves aware of
any information relevant to the audit and to establish that the Company's auditor is aware of that information,

The auditor, KPMG LLP, has indicated te watingnoss tp continue in atfice and a resolution sesking to re-appoint KPMG LLP
as the Group's auditor will be proposed at the 2024 AGM if held}

By order of the Board.

John Paton
Chief Fmancia. OF.cor

alphatme.com



===== page 101 =====
98 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

cs

Company law requires the Directors to prepare Group and parent
Company financial statements for each financial year. Under the
AIM Rules of the London Stock Exchange, they are required to
prepare the Group financial statements in accordance with
UK-adopted international accounting standards and applicable
law and they have elected io prepare the parent Company financial
statements on the same basis.

Under company law the Directors must not approve the financial
statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair
view of the state of affairs of the Group and parent Company and
of the Group's profit or loss for that period. In preparing each of
the Group and parent Company financial statements, the
Directors are required to:

— Select suitable accounting policies and then apply
them consistently:

-- Make judgements and estimates that are reasonabie, relevant,
and reliable and, in respect of the parent Company financial
statements only, prudent:

— State whether they have been prepared in accordance with
UK-adopted international accounting standards;

- Assess the Group and parent Company's ability to continue as
a going concern, disclosing, as applicahle, matters related to
going concern; and

— Use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either
intend to liquidate the Group or the parent Company or to
cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

i
:

The Directors are responsible fer keeping adequate accounting
records that are sulficient to show and explain the parent Company's
transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy al any time
the financial position of the parent Company and enable them to
ensure that its financial statements comply with the Companies
Act 2006. They are responsible for such internal control as they
determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial
statements that are {ree from material misstatement, whether due
to fraud or error, and have general responsibility for taking such
steps as are reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of
the Group and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities,

Under applicable law and regulations, the Directors are also
responsible for preparing a Strategic Report and a Directors’
Report that comolies with that law and those regulations,

The Directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity

of the corporate and financial information inclucied on the
Company's website. Leg'siation in the UK governing the preparation
and gissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation
in other jurisdictions

By order of the Board.

John Paton
Chief Financial Officer

ah dae



===== page 102 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 99

Independent auditor’s report

to the members of Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ple

1. Our opinion is unmodified

We have audited the financial statements of Alpha Financial Markets
Consulting ole (“the Company”) for the year ended 31 March 2024,
which comprise the consolidated statement of comprehensive
income, consolidated statement of financial position, consolidated
statement of cash flows, consolidated statement of changes in
equity, company statement of financial position, company statement
of changes in equity, and the related notes, including the accounting
policies in note | to both the consolidated financial statements and
company financial statements.

In our opinion:

the financial statements give a true and fair view of the state
of the Group's and of the parent Company's affairs as at
31 March 2024 and of the Group's profit for the year then ended:

the Group financial statements have been properly prepared
in accardance with UK-adopted international accounting standards.

-- the parent Company financial statements have been properly
prepared in accordance with Uk accounting standards,
including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework, and

the financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with international
Standards on Auciting {UK} ("ISAs (UK)") and applicable law.
Our responsibilities are described below. We nave tulfiled our
ethical responsibilities under, and are independent of the Group
in accordance with, UK ethical requirements including the FRC
Ethical Standard as applied to listed entities. We believe that te
audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient ard apptopriate
basis for our opinion.

Overview

£1.25m FY 23: £1.6m)

4.9% (FY 23: 4.8%) of Group promt hetore tax
adjusted for acquisition costs, employment-iinked
and contingent consideration,

es ©

8436 FY 23: 843%) of Group absolute prot betoretax RY

excluding intercompany 3

J — &

2

vs FY 23 3

ee OB

Revenue recognition on contracts ind Be Ft

progross at year end, and recognition

of deferred and accrued income g

Presentation and disclosure of <P>

-26justing items (alternative
porformance measuras|

Recoverability of parent Company's
investments in subsidiaries and
receivables due from Group entities
[parent Company only)

alphasme.com


===== page 103 =====
100 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Torn cane

2. Key audit matters: our assessment of risks of material misstatement

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in the audit of the financial
statements and include the most significant assessed risks of material misstatement (whether or not due te fraud) identified by us,
including those which had the greatest effect on: the overall audit strategy; the allocation of resources in the audit: ang directing the
efforts of the engagement team. Thase matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial staterients as a whole,
and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. In arriving at our audit opinion above.
the key audit matters, in decreasing order of audit significance. were as follows (unchanged from FY 23).

Revenue recognition

on contracts in progress
at year end, and
recognition of deferred
and accrued income

(Revenue £235.5m, FY 23:
£228.7m; Deferred income
£1.9m, FY 23: £1.0m;
Accrued income £4.4m,
FY 23: £3.7m)

Refer to p. 82 (Audit and
Risk Committee Report,
p. 117 faccounting policy)
and p. 120, p. 136 and
pp 137-138 (financiat
disclosures}

alphatme.com

The risk

Inappropriate recogni
of revenue on contracts in
progress at year end by
error or fraud, and impact
‘on resulting deferred and
accrued income:

Billing of contracts is either on a
time and expense or milestone
basis. There is a risk that
revenue transactions around
the year end, including the
associated deferred and
accrued income, might be
incorrectly recorded, either in
error or fraudulently, such that it
does not reflect hours worked
or the services provided.

Our response

Our procedures included:

— Tests of detail (tracing and agreeing): wo assassed the

appropriateness of revenue recognised by

+ selecting a sample of revenue transactions recognised in
March 2024 and April 2024 and obtaining the contract to
determine if time and expense or milestone:

+ for time and expense engagements, agree to the invoice
and hours recorded on timesheet records to assess that
the revenue has been recognised in the appropriate
financial year;

+ for milestone contracts, agree to the invoice and deliverable
specified in the terms and conditions of the contract to
assess whether revenue has been recognised in the
appropriate financial year;

selecting a sample of items included in deferred income at
31 March 2024 and agreeing that the amounts billed per
the invoice are in advance of the work being completed as
specified in the terms and conditions of the contract; arid

seiecting a sample of items included in accrued income

at 31 March 2024 and agreeing: that amounts accrued agree
to hours recorded on timesheet records that have not been
invoiced; that contracts with the customer are in place for the
work performed: and that amounts accrued have been
invoiced post-year and.

We performed the detailed tasts above rather than seeking to rely
on any of the Group's controls because our knowledge of the
design of these controls indicated that we would not be abie to
obtain the required evidence to suppart reliance on controls.

Assessing transparency: we considered the adequacy
af the Group's disclosures in respect of revenue, deferred
income and accrued income.



===== page 104 =====
The risk

Annual Report & Accounts 2024-101

Our response

Presentation and
disclosure of adjusting
items (alternative
performance measures)

(Adjusting items £14.3m,
FY 23: £15.8m}

Refer to p. 82 (Audit and
Risk Committee Report),
P. 118 (accounting policy)
and pp 121-124

Inappropriate identification
of adjusting items, and
inappropriate presentation
and disclosure of
alternative performance
measures by error:

The disclosure of adjusting
items and alternative
performance measures
(‘(APMs') is subjective.

There is a risk that items are
inappropriately identified as
adjusting iterns and/or items
classified as adjusting iterns
or APM are disclosed on an
inconsistent basis (both within
the period and between
periods}, and that clear and
accurate explanation of
adjusting items is not given

in order to manipulate the
presentation of the
Performance of the business.
There is also a risk that undue
prominence is given to APMs.

Our procedures included:

- Tests of detail: we assessed the appropriateness of the
presentation cf allemative performance measures and adjusting
iterns by:

+ challenging the Group's classification of adjusting items
and APMs through reference to external guidance and
comparison to competitors. Assessing whether the adjusting
items met the Group's definition of adjusting items and
whether that presentation and the presentation of APMs is
on a consistent basis with prior periods;

inspecting the Group's calculations of alternative performance
measures to test the accuracy of the amounts in the
disclosures; and

+ agreeing items separately disclosed to supporting invoice or
Group's calculation and assessing whether they have been
captured accurately.

We performed the tests above rather than seeking to rely on any of
the Group's controls because the nature of the balance is such that
we would expect to obtain audit evidence primarily through the
detailed procedures described,

— Assessing transparency: critically assessing the disclosure
in the Annual Report and Accounts and considering whether
appropriate prominence has been given to GAAP measures,
and whether explanations of adjusting items and reconcilations
of alternative performance measures and GAAP measures are
clear and accurate.

Recoverability of parent
Company's investments
in subsidiaries and
receivables due from
Group entities {parent
Company onty}

(Investment carrying value
£70.5m, FY 23: £1.3m,;
Receivables due from
Group entities £90,7m,
FY 23: £165.0m)

Refer to p. 82 (Audit and
Risk Committee Report),
pp 147-148 (accounting
policy} and p. 149

Recoverability of parent
Company’s investments
in subsidiaries and
receivables due from
Group entities.

The carrying amount of the
parent Company's investments
in subsidiaries and of the
intra-Group debtor balance
together represents 99%

(FY 23; 99%) of the parent
Company's totat assets. Their
recoverability 's not at a high
sk of sighificant misstatement
or subject to significant
judgement, However, due to
their materiality in the context
of the parent Company
financial statements, this is
considered to be the area that
had the greatest effect on our
overall parent company audit.

‘Our procedures included:

- Test of detail: we assessed the recoverability of the parent
Company investments and intra-Group receivables by
comparing the carrying amount of investments in subsidiaries
{post-reorganisation) and intra-Group debtors with reference to
the relevant subsidiaries’ draft balance sheets to identify whether
they have net assets and whether those subsidiaries have
historically besn profit-making, and comparing to the market
capitaisation of the Group

We performed the tests above ratner than seeking to rely on any of
the Group's controls because the nature of the balance is such that
we would expect to obtain audit evidence primarily through the
detailed procedures described

- Assessing transparency: assessing the adequacy of the
parent Company's disclosures in resgect of investments In
Subsidiaries and Group debtor balances.

aiphafme com

i+}
g
3
:
i
:
2
i
i



===== page 105 =====
102 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

forpees aoe

3. Our application of materiality and an overview
of the scope of our audit

Materiality for the Group financial statements as a whole was set
at £1.25m (FY 23: £1.5m}, determined with reference to a benchmark
of Groug profit before tax normaiised to exclude acquisition costs,
employment: linked and contingent consideration as disclosed in
note 4, of which it represents 4.9% (FY 23: 4.8%).

Materially for the parent Company financial statements as a whole
was set at £0.6m (FY 23: £0.7m), which is the component materiality
for the parent Compary determined by the Group audit engagement
team. This is tower than the materiality we would otherwise have
determined with reference to a benchmark of parent Company
total assets, of which it represents 0.4% (FY 23: 0.4%).

In line with our audit methodology, our procedures on individual
account balances and disclosures ware performed to a lower
threshold, performance materiality, so as to reduce to an
acceptable level the risk that individually immaterial misstatements
in individual account balances add up to a material emount
across the financial statements as a whole.

Performance materiality was set at 75% (FY 23: 75%) of materiality
for the financial statements as a whole, which equates to £0,94m
(FY 23: £1,13m)} for the Group and £0.45m {FY 23: £0.53m) for the
parent Company, We applied this percentage in our determination
of performance materiality because we did not identify any factors
indicating an elevated level of risk.

We agreed to report to the Audit and Risk Committee any
corrected or uncorrected identified misstatements exceeding
£0.06m (FY 23: £0.075m), in addition to other identified
misstatements that warranted reporting on qualitative grounds.

Of the Group’s 34 (FY 23: 34) reporting components, we
subjected 7 (FY 23: 7) to full scope audits for Group purposes
and 1 (FY 23: 1} to specified sisk-focused auuit procedures. The
latter were not individually financially significant enough to require
a full scope audit for Group purposes, but did present specific
individual risks that needed to be addressed, We subjected 1

(FY 23: 1) component to specified risk-focused audit procedures
over revenus, accrued income, deferred income and profit

share accruals.

Group revenue

80%

(FY 23: 79%}

84%

(FY 23: 849%)

@ > Fullscope for Group audit purposes 2024
Specitiod risk-focused audit procedures 2024
@ Fullscope for Group audit purposes FY 23

aiphafme.com

Group absolute profit before tax
excluding intercompany

For the residual components, we performed analysis at an
aggregated Group level to re-examine our assessment that there
were no significant risks of material misstatement within these,
The component materialities renged from £0.40m to £0.75m

(F¥ 23: £0.5m te £1.0m), having regard to the mix of size and risk
profile of the Group across the components. The work on all of
the components (FY 23: all of the components}, including the
audit of the parent Company, wes performed by the Group team.
The Group team performed procedures on the items excluded
from normalised Group profit before tax, The scope of the audit
work performed was predominately substantive as we placed
limited reliance upon the Group's internal control over

financial reporting,

The components within the scope of our work accounted for
the percentages illustrated below.

Normalised Group profit before Group materiality
tax adjusted for acqui
costs, employment-linked and

contingent consideration

84.25m [FY 23: £4.5en)

£1.25
Whole financial
statements materiality
(FY 23: £1.50m)

£25,7m [FY 23: £31.0m}

20,94
Whole financial

statements performance
materialty (FY 23; £1.43)

£0.75m

Range of materiatty
at 8 components
(O.40m-P0,76m) FY
23; £0.531m to 64.13}

@ Group profit before tax
adjusted for acquisition costs,
employment-linked and
contingent consideration

% Group materaty

£0.06m
Misstatements

reported to the Audit
andl Risk Committee

Group total assets FY 23: £0.08)

89%

(FY 23: 91%}

Specitied risk-focused audit procedures FY 23
Residual components


===== page 106 =====
The remaining 20% (FY 23: 2196) of total Group revenue excluding
intercompany, 16% of Group profit before tax exciuaing intersompany
(FY 23; 16%) and 41% (FY 28: 996) of total Group assets is represented
by 26 (FY 23: 26) reporting components, none of which individually
represented more than 4% (FY 23: 396) of any of total Group revenue,
Group profit belors tax excluding intercompany or total Group
assets. For these components, we performed analysis at an
aggregated Group level to re- examine our assessment that there
were no significant risks of material misstatement within ther.

4, Going concern

The Directors have prepared the financial statements on the going
cancer basis as they do not intend te liquidate the Group or the
parent Company ar to cease their operations, and as they have
congluded that the Group and the parent Company's financial
position means that this is realistic. They have also concluded that
there are no material uncertainties that could have cast significant
doubt over their ability to continue as a going concern for at least
a year ‘rom the date of approval of the financial statements

(‘the going cancern period"),

We used our knowledge of the Group, its industry, and the
general economic environment to identity the inherent risks to its
business model and analysed how those risks might affect the
Group's and parent Company's financial resources or ability to
continue operations over the going concern period. The risk that
we Considered most likely to adversely affect the Group's and
parent Company's available financial resources and metrics
relevant to debt covenants over this period was:

— forecasted future revenue generation.

We considered whether this risk could plausibly affect the iquidity
in the going concem period by assessing the degres of downside
assumption that, individually and collectively, could result in
liquidity issue, taking into account the Group's current and
projected cash and iacilities (a “reverse stress test’).

We considered whether the going concer disclosure in note 1
to the financial statements gives a full and socurate descnption
of the Directors’ assessment of going conser, including

the identified risks and dependencies. We assessed the
completeness of the going concern aisclosure.

Our conclusions based on this work:

— wa consider that the Directors" use of the going concern
basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial
statements is appropriate:

we have not identified, and concur with the Directors’
assessment that there is not. a material uncertainty related

to events of conditions that, individually or collectively, may

cast significant doubt on the Group's of parent Company's

ably to continue as a going concern for the going cance
period; and

we found the going concern disclosure in note 1 to be acceptabie.

However, as we cannot pregict all future events or conditions
and as subsequent events may result in outcomes that are
inconsistent with judgements that were reasanable at the tine
they were made, the above conclusions are not @ guarantee that
the Group or the parent Company will continue in operation.

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 = 103

5. Fraud and breaches of laws and regutations

- ability to detect
Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement,
due to fraud
To identity risks of material misstatement due to fraud (fraud risks")
we assessed events or conditions that coutd indicate an incentive
or pressure to commit fraud or provide an opportunity to commit
fraud. Our risk assessment procedures included:

— enquiring of Directors and the Audit and Risk Committee,
and inspection of policy documentation as to the Group's high
levet policies and procedures to prevent and detect fraud,
including the Group’s channel for “whistieblowing’. as well as
whether they have knowledge of any actual, suspected or
alleged fraud;

9
s
3
3
a
3
o
2
3
3
i

reading Board and Audit ang Risk Committee minutes

considering remuneration incentive schemes and performance
targets for management and Directors including the adjusted
EPS target for management remuneration; and

- using analytical procedures to identify any unusual or
unexpected relationships.

We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit team
and remained alert to any indications of fraud throughout the audit.

As required by auciting standards, and taking into account
possible pressures 10 meet profit targets and our overall knowledge
af the control environ mant, we perform procedures to address the
risk of management override of controls and the risk of fraudulent

revenue recognition, in particular:

— the risk that Group management may be in a position to make
inappropriate accounting entries:

the risk of bias in accounting estimates and judgements such
as employment-tinked acquisition payments, share-based
payments and contingent consideration: and

- the risk that revenue is recorded in the wrong period.

Further detail in respect of revenue recognition is sst out in the
key audit matter disciosures in section 2 of this report. We also
performed procedures including:

— identifying journal entrées and other adjustments to test for all
ful scope components based on risk criteria and comparing
the identified entries to supporting documentation. These
included unusual pairings with a credit or debit to an account
above eamings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation,
EBITDA’), with the opposite entry below EBITDA and unusual
Journals with a credit or debit entry to cash;

— identifying revenue transactions to test for all full scope
components based on unusual pairings with a credit or debit
to revenue; and

— assessing whether the judgements made m making
accounting estimates are indicative of 2 patental bias.

alphatme.com


===== page 107 =====
104 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

5. Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations
- ability to detect continued

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement
due to non-compliance with laws and regulations

We identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably
be expected to have a material effect on the financial statements
from our general commercial and sector experience, and through
discussion with the Directors and other management (as required
by auditing standards}, and from inspection of the Group's legal
correspondence and discussed with the Directors and other
management, the policies and procedures regarding compliance
with laws and regulations,

We communicated identified laws and regulations throughout our
team and remained alert to any indications of non- compliance
throughout the audit. The potential effect of these laws and
regulations on the financial statements varies considerably.

Firstly, the Group is subject to aws and regulations that directly
affect the financial statements including financial reporting
legislation (inclucing related companies legisiation|, distributable
profits legislation and taxation legislation and we assessed the
extent of compliance with these laws and regulations as part

of our procedures on the related financial statement items.

Secondly, the Group is subject to many other laws and regulations
where the consequences of non-compliance could have a material
effect on amounts or disclosures in the financial statements, for
instance through the imposition of fines or litigation. We identified
the following areas as those most likely to have such an effect:
anti-bribery, data protection and employment law recognising the
financiat nature of the Group's activities. Auditing standards limit
the required audit procedures to identify non-compliance with
these laws and regulations to enquiry of the Directors and other
management ang inspection of ragulatory and legal correspondence,
if any. Therefore if a breach of operational regulations is not
disclosed to us or evident from relevant correspondence, an
audit will not detect that breach.

Context of the ability of the audit to detect fraud or breaches
of law or regulation

Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an
unavoidable risk that we may not have detected soma material
misstatements in the financial statements, even though we have
properly planned and performed our audit in accordance with
auditing standards. For example, the further removed non-
compliance with laws and regulations is from the events and
transactions reflected in the financial statements, the less likely
the inherently limited procedures required by auditing standards
would identify it.

In addition, as with any aucit, there remained a higher risk of
non-detection of fraud, as these may involve collusion, forgery,
intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
intemal controls. Our audit procedures are designed to detect
material misstatement. We are not responsible for preventing
non-compliance cr fraud and cannot be expected to detect
non- compliance with all laws and regulations.

alphatme.com

6. We have nothing to report on the other
information in the Annual Report

The Directors are responsible for the other information presented

in the Annual Report together with the financial statements.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other

information ana, accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion

or, except as explicitly stated below, any form of assurance

conclusion thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so,
consider whether, based on our financial statements audit work,
the information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with
the financial statements or cur audit knowledge. Based sclely on
that work we have not identified material misstatements in the
other information.

Strategic Report and Directors’ Report
Based solely on our work on the other information:

~ we have not identified material misstatements in the Strategic
Report and the Directors’ Report;

~ in Our opinion the information given in those reports for the
financial year is consistent with the financial statements; and

in our opinion those reports have been prepared in
accordance with the Companies Act 2006.

7. We have nothing to report on the other matters
on which we are required to report by exception

Under the Companies Act 2006, we are required to report ta you
4, in our opinion:

— adequate accounting records have not been kept by the
parent Company, or returns adequate for our audit have not
been received from branches not visited by us; or

the parent Company financial statements are not in agreement
with the accounting records and returns; or

-— certain disclosures of Directors’ remuneration specified by law
are not made: or

— we have not received all the information and explanations we
require for our aucit.

We have nothing to raport in these respects.

8. Respective responsibilities

Directors’ responsibilities

As explained more fully in their statement set out on p, 98, the
Directors are responsible for: the preparation of the financial
statements including being satisfied that they give a true and fair
view; such intemal control as they determine is necessary to
enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; assessing
the Group and parent Company's ability to cantinue as a going
concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
concern; and using the going concern basis of accounting unless
they either intend to liquidate the Groug or the parent Company or
to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do 50.


===== page 108 =====
Auditor's responsibilities

‘Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements as a whole are free trom material misstatement,
whether dug to jraud or error, and to issue our opinion in an
auditor's report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance,
but does not guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with ISAs (UK) will always detect a matertal misstatement when it
exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
material if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be
expected to inliuence the economic decisions of users taken on
the basis of the financial statements.

A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC's
website at www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilties,

9. The purpose of our audit work and to whom we
owe our responsibilities

‘This report is made solely to the Company's members, as a body,
in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act
2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state
to the Company's members those matters we are requited 10
state to them in an auditor's report and for no other purpose. To
the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume
responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the
Company's members, as a body, for our audit work, for this
report, or jor the opinions we have formed

LE ee

Craig Parkin (Senior Statutory Auditor)

for anc on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
Chartered Accountants

EastWest,

Tollnouse Hil!

Nottingham,

NGISFS

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 105

alphatme.com

oO
g
g
:
i
i
A
i
3
i



===== page 109 =====
406 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

aiphafmc.com



===== page 110 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 107

Financial
Statements

108 Consolidated statement of comprehensive income

109 Consolidated statement af financial position

310 Consolidated statement of cash flows

411 Consolidated statement of changes in equity

112. Noles to the consolidated financial statements _

445 Company statement of financiat position

146 Company sia statement of changes in equity

147 Notes fo the Company financial statements

a
3
g
3
a
3
8

partners in our rans

nd bring to bear eapertense
across asset classes. across
geograpries. TF
tangible actiar
ancding "

Global Head of Investor Services,
Gtobal asset manager

aiphatme.com



===== page 111 =====
108 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

ae) ‘ioated statemenr of com
For the year ended 31 March 2024

Year ended Year ended
31 March 2024 31 March 2023
a Be Note _____ £1000 £000
Revenue 2 235,471 228,717
Rechargeable expenses 2 (1,848) (1,562)
Netteeincome® - BO “2 233,625 227,155
Cost of sales 2 (155,328) (146,798)
_ “2 78,297 «80,359
(63,219) 1,723)
Operating profi on 3 25,078 «28,636
Finance income 8 346 364
Finance expense 6 (2,854) @,229)
Profit before tax BO a “ " e23e70 25,771
Taxation : 8 (6.723) (7,810)
Profit for the year 15,847 17,961
Items that may be reclassified to profit ar loss:
Foreign exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (1,968) 3,510
prehensive income for the year (1,966) 3,510
Total comprehensive income for the year 13,881 21,471
Basic earnings per share (p) 1 13.65 45.82
Diluted earnings per share (p} 1" 12.98 14,79

36 Ret fee come. adjusted EBITDA ano other alle;nabve performance measures are defined and reconailsd im note A.

aiphafme.com


===== page 112 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 109

7 Ba ert stats
As at 31 March 2024

Asat Asat
31 March 2024 31 March 202:
£000 0

Note £000
Assets — 7 EE ~ ~ a
Non-current assets
Goodwill 12 105,179 103,676
intangible fixed assets 12 25,073 27,588
Property, plant and equipment 14 947 1413
Right-of-use assets ? 2,383 4,008
Deferred tax assets 9 2,666 3,033
Capitalised contract fulfilment costs 16 76 108
Totalnon-curentassets SSS "436,275 139,526
Gurentassets
Trade and other receivables 8 42,185 94128
Cash and cash equivalents 16 29,392 59,215
Totalourentassets 877 93,848
Currentliabilities SO
Trade and other payables 7 (46,373) (60,539)
Provisions 18 (3.308) (3,326)
Corporation tax (1,526) (1,321)
Lease liabilities 7 (1,413) (2,104)
Totalcurrentliabllities ss s—~—CSSCSCSCSsSSSS 82620) «67,290
Netcurentassets  sssi—i—‘“—*~s*s*~*s~s~“‘s~s~s~—sSSSSSSSSCSCSisiCSstsSS 880
Non-current liabilities OT OT ~ 0
Deferred tax fiabilties 9 (2,442) (2,783)
Other non-current liabilities 19 (3,149) (11,400)
Lease liabilities 7 (1.147) (2,057)
Total non-current f Bo 6,738) (18,240)
Neassets  s—s—“SsS™SSSOSOSSSCSCSSSSC‘“ st am 8,488 188,830
Equity
Issued share capital at 92 90
Share premium 119,438 119,438
Foreign exchange reserve 5,026 6,992
Other reserves: 18,777 17,258
Retained earnings 5,160 5,561
Totalshareholders’equity. ss—<—SsSSSSSCSCSsSsSSSSC S88,

The Actes on pp 112-144 form part of these consolidated financial statements. These financial statements weré approved! and
authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 20 June 2024,

They were signed on its behalf by:

Luc Mu Baqué John € Paton
met Executive Officer Chef Prancial Officer

alphatme.cam

z
3
&
3
2
ze
¢
2
3
3
3
z
g



===== page 113 =====
110 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

atarsent of cash flows
For the year ended 31 March 2024

Sang sedated

Gash flows from operating ac
Profit for the year
Taxation
Finance income
Finance expenses
LossAprofit} from exchange rate movements on cash held
Depreciation charge
Profit on disposal of fixed assets
Amortisation of intangible fixed assets
Share-based payment charge
Increase/(decrease) in provisions
Working capital adjustments:
Increase in trade and other receivables
(Decreasey/increase in trade and other payables
Cash generated from operations a
Tax paid

Net cash generated from operating activities

Cash flows from investing activities:

Interest received

Acquisition consideration payments, including deferred and contingent, net of cash acquired 13

Purchase of intangible assets

Cash flows from financing activitie:
Net settlement of vested share options
Purchase of own shares by the EBT
Drawdown of revolving credit facility
Repayment of revolving cradit facility
Interest and bank loan fees

Principat lease tiability payments
Interest on lease liabilties

Dividends paid

Net cash used in financing activities _
Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents

Gash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year
Effect of exchange rate movements on cash heid
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year

Year ended Year ended
31 March 2024 31 March 2023
_ Note £'000 £'000
15.847 17,961
8 6,723 7,810
6 (346) (364)
6 2.854 3,229
448 (2,364)
714 2,769 1,933
{44) (14)
12 4,325 4,762
22 6,663 7,023
18 18 (19)
(7,678) 8,834)
(11,170) 7,752
~ 20,408 43,875
(7,633) (13,285)
42,775 30,590
6 346 364
(16,981) (20,829)
12 11) (319)
(603) (860)
—_ (17,449) (21,644)
(457) (343)
(3,843) (1,139)
6 10,150 42,500
6 (10,150) (12,500)
(1,254) (482)
7 (1,989) (1,315)
7 (308) (216)
10 (16,246) (12,774)
oo ~ (24,097) (16,269)
a — (28,771) 7 (7,323)
_ 59.015 63,516
(4,052) 3,022
__ ~~ 29,302 59,215

alphafme.com


===== page 114 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024111

seater:

° of changes:
For the year ended 31 March 2024

Foreign Total
Issued share Share exchange Other Retained shareholders’
capital premium reserve reserves earnings ‘equity
£000 £000 £000 £'000 ___ £000 __ £7000
As at 1 April2022 gg 99,438 3.482 «9,361 375 132,745
Comprehensive income
Profit for the year - - - - 17,961 17,961
Foreign exchange differences on translation _ . 3,510 - - 3.510
of foreign operations
Transactions with owners
Shares issued (equity) 1 - - - o -
Purchase of own shares by the EBT - - - (1,139) ~ (1,139)
Share-based payment charge - - 7.023 - 7,023
Net settlement of vested share options - - - (343) - (343)
Current tax recognised in equity - - 1.486 - 1405
Deferred tax recognised in equity - - 870 - Com S
Dividends - _ (12,774) (277)
As at31 March 2023 : “90 172585561 tag.aao
Comprehensive income a 5
Profit for the year - - - 15,847 15047
Foreign exchange differences on translation _ 1,966) . _ cscs)
of foreign operations
Transactions with owners
Shares issued (equity) 2 - - - @ -
Purchase of own shares by the EBT - - - (3,843) - (3,843)
Share-based payment charge - - 6,663 - 6,663
Net settlement of vested share options - - - (457) - (467)
Current tax recognised in equity - - - 569 - 569
Deferred tax recognised in equity - - 1.413} - (1.413)
Dividends - (16,248)

As at 31 March 2024 18,777 5,160

Issued share capital
Issued share capital represents the nominal value of share capita! subscribed.

Share premium

The share premium account is used to record the aggregate value of premiums paid when the Company's shares are issued at a
premium, net of associated share issuance costs.

Foreign exchange reserve

The foreign exchange reserve represents exchange differences that arise on consolidation from the translation of the financial
statements of foreign subsidiaries, including goodwill

Other reserves

The other raserves represent the cumulative fair value of the IFRS 2 share-based payment charge recognised each year, associated
current tax, deferred tax and net settlement of vested share options, equity-settled acquisition consideration reserves, and purchases of
the Company’s own shares by the employee benefit trust (*EBT")

Retained earnings

The retained earnings reserve represents cumulative net profits and lossss recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive
income, jess dividends paid.

alphatme.com


===== page 115 =====
1. Summary of significant accounting policies

General information

The principal activity of the Group is the provision of specialist
consulting and related services to clients in the financiai services
industry, principally in the UK, North America, Europe and APAC.

Aloha Financial Markets Consulting ple is incorporated in England
and Wales with registered number 09965297, The Company is a
public limited company and is listed on the AIM of the London
Stock Exchange. Its registered office is 60 Gresham Street,
London, EC2V 7BB.

The consolidated financial statements were authorised for issue
in accordance with a resolution of the Directors on 20 June 2024,

Basis of preparation

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with UK-acopted international accounting standards.

These financial statements have been prepared under the
historical cost basis, except for certain financial instruments that
are measured at fair value.

The presentational currency of these financial statements is pound
sterling. All amounts in these financial statements have been
rounded to the nearest £1,000, except where otherwise stated.

Going concern

in assessing the Group's and the Company's ablties to continue
on a going concern basis for a period of at least 12 months from
the approval of these financial statements (the “going concern
period’), the Directors considered the Group's projected cash
flows, cash ‘iquicity and existing undrawn borrowing facilities.

As at 31 March 2024, the Group held considerable financial
resources including cash balances of £29.4m. The Group also
has access, throughout the going concem period, to a revolving
credit facility (RCF") of £50.01n, vroviding furliter fiquidily. See
note 6 for details of the Group's banking facility, and also note 28
for details of the financial risks facing the Group.

The Group prepared cash-flow forecasts covering the going
concem period, The base case assumes trading performance
cover the forecast period in line with the Board-approved budget,
reflecting recovery to growth in FY 25 at slightly improved margins,
inclucling future non-operating cash flows related to dividends,
deferred consideration and earn-out payments due. The Directors
considered the principal risks and mitigants (as set out on pp 57-60)
and analysed a range of cash-flow downside scenarios including
a “reverse-stress test” scenario. This models the decline in sales
that the Group would be able to absorb over the going concern
period before utilising all of the existing cash reserves available,
while assuming the maximum Lionpoint and Shoreline acquisition
payments. The Directors consider this scenario and the sequence
of events that could tead to it to be remote, as it requires annualised
revenue reductions of over 30% compared to the base case,
before modelling any mitigating cost reductions, assuming no
dividends are paid and no further funding of the EBT is provided
in the period. The Group's £50.0m RCF remains fully undrawn in
all going concer scenarios.

While cognisant of the more challenging market environment
experienced in FY 24, the Directors look forward with confidence
for the Group to retum to historic growth and profitability levels achieved.

After careful consideration of the scenarios, the Directors have a
reasonable expectation that the existing resources of the Group
and the Company are adequate to meet their requirements over
the going concern period. On this basis, the Directors consider
that it is appropriate to adopt the going concen basis in preparing
the financial statements.

alphatme.com

Additionally, the Board has considered the going concern
assessment in light of the recommended cash offer for the
acquisition of 100% of the Company's issued share capital by
Actium Bideo (UK) Limited ("Bideo"), an indirect subsidiary of certain
funds managed by Bridgepoint Advisers Limited {"Bridgepoint")
(the "Acquisition", which is subject to shareholder approval.

Whilst the current Board is not expected to continue in its current
form following completion of the Acquisition, the Directors have
considered the strategic plans and intention statements of

Bidco around the operation of the Group, potential initiatives

to accelerate growth and scaie existing Group businesses.
outlined in the recommended cash offer announcement dated

20 June 2024 made pursuant to Rule 2.7 of the Takeover Code.

It is also currently expected that the Company will remain in
existence as an intermediate holding company under the potential
new Acquisition structure during the going concern period.

Considering these factors and information available to the Board
at this stage, alongside the Board’s current understanding of the
potential Acquisition structure, the Board is not aware of any
reason te change its going concern assessment

Basis of consolidation

These financial statements consolidate the financial staternents of
the Company and its subsidiary undertakings (the "Group”) as at
31 March 2024,

Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from tne date of acauisition,
being the date on which the Group obtains control, and continue
to be consolidated until! the date that such control ceases. The
financial statements of subsidiaries are prepared for the same
reporting period as the parent company, using consistent
accounting policies.

Alllintra-Group balances, income and expenses and unrealised
gains and losses resulting from intra-Group transactions are
eliminated in full.

Principal accounting policies

The principal accounting policies adopted in the preparation of
these consolidated financial statements are set out below:

Significant jucigemants and estimates

The preparation of financial information in accordance with
IFRS requires management to make judgements, estimates and
assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies
and regoried amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses.

In the process af applying the Group's accounting policies, the
Directors have made two judgements {excluding those involving
estimations), which are considered! to have a significant effect on
the financial statemenis for the year ended 31 March 2024.

To assist in understanding the underlying performance of the
Group, management presents various alternative performance
measures ("APMs"), which exclude certain adjusting items. APMs
are provided to allow stakeholders a further understanding of the
underlying trading performance of the Group and to aid comparability
between accounting periods. Management applies judgement to
identity those adjusting items that warrant exclusion frorn the
Group's adjusted measures to allow stakeholders a further
understanding of the underlying performance of the ousiness.
‘These agiuisting items have been applied consistently across reporting
periods. A reconciliation to IFRS measures, and explanation of
each adjusting item excluded, is provided in note 4.


===== page 116 =====
All adjusting items are considered individually for axclusion by
virtue of their nature or size. In the year ended 31 March 2024,
these items totalled £14.3m (FY 23: £15.8m) recognised in
administration expenses. A further £1.6m (FY 23: £2.4m) of
non-underlying costs were recognised within finance expenses.

Revenue is the Group's mest significant caption in the consolidated
‘statement of comprehensive income, Whilst the majority of the
Group’s revenue is contracted on a time and materials basis, the
Group also has some fixed-price milestone contracts. The recognition
‘of revenue on such contracts invoives consideration of the detailed
contractual terms agains! the requirements of FRS 18. The key
judgements include assessment of whether revenue should be
recognised over time or at a point in tme, and whether the performance
obligations under the contract have been met at the balance
sheet date, to best reflect the transfer of services through the

life of each contract.

Further information regarding the mathods used to recognise
revenue for both time and materials and milestone contracts
is provided in the Group's accounting pokcy, as detalled on p. 117.

Anumber of estimates have been made in the preparation of the
financial statements, The underlying assumptions in the Group's
estimates are based on historical experience and various other
factors thal are deemed to be reasonable under the circumstances.
These assumptions form the basis of calculating estimates of the
carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not apparent from
other sources, Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed
onan ongoing basis. Changes to estimates are recagnised in the
year in which the estimate is revised and any future years
affected. Actual results can differ from these estimates.

The Directors have not identified any key estimates that are
considered to have a significant risk of a material adjustment
within the next financial year. However, the Directors have
identified one other area of estimation uncertainty.

Management has estimated the share-based payment expense
under IFRS 2. In determining the share-based payment expense
and the associated social security tax thereon, management has
considered several internal and extemal factors to judge the probability
that management and employee share incentives may vest and to
assess the fair value of share options at the date of grant. Such
assumptions involve estimating future performance, share price
ang other factors. The fair value calculations have been assessed
by a third-party expert for reasonableness in the current and prior
periods, Refer to note 22 for sensitivity analysis.

property. ole
All property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost (or
deemed historical cost) less accumulated depreciation. Cost
includes the original purchase price of the asset and the costs
attributable to bringing the asset to its working condition for its
intended use.

nt ard squepment

Depreciation is applied on all property. plant and equipment at
rates calculated to wate each asset down to its estimated residual
value on a straight-line basis at the following annual rates:

Tangibl at Useful economic life
Leasehold improvements S-10years,
Fixtures and fittings 3-4 years
Computer equipment 3 years

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 = 113.

Useful economic lives and estimated residual values are reviewed
annually and adjusted as appropriate.

Business comomations goodwill ant consideration

Business combinations aré accounted for using the acquisition
method as at the acquisition date, which is the date on which
control is transferred to the Group. Identifiable assets acquired
and liabiities assumed in a business combination are measured
at ther fair values at the acquisition date.

Goodwill arises when the fair value of the consideration for a business:
exceeds the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired.

In determining the fair value af intangible assets arising on a
business combination, management assesses the timing and
amount of future cash flows applicabie to the intangible assets
being acquired, discounted using an aporopriate discount rate.
The estimated cash flows are based on current budgets and
forecasts, extrapolated for an appropriate period, considering
growth rates and expected changes to selling prices and operating
costs. Management estimates an appropriate discount rate using
past-tax rates thal rellect current markel assessments of the time
value of money and the risks specific to the business being
acquired {see note 12).

Inline with IAS 21 para 47, goodwill arising on the acquisition of a
foreign operation is held in local currency and is retranslated into
the Group's presentational currency at each reporting date using
the closing foreign exchange rate

Goodwill is initially recognised and measured as set out above.
Goodwill is not amortised out |s reviewed for impairment at feast
annually as described below.

Gooduil is tested for impairment annually or, more frequently,
when there is an indication of impairrnent. For the purpose of
impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group's
cash-generating units (‘CGUs") or groups of cash-generating
units expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.
The CGUs have been grouped in line with the Group's operating
segments as this is the level at which goodwill is monitored by
management. Therefore, the groups of CGUs considered for
impairment testing are UK, North America and Europe & APAC.

‘The Group performs impairment reviews at the reporting period
end to identify any goodwill assets that have a carrying value that
is in excess of its recoverable amount. Determining the recoverability
of goodwill requrres judgement in both the methodology applied
and the key assumotions within that methodology. It is determined
that an impairment is required, the carrying value of the goodwill
is reduced to its recoverable amount with the difference recorded
as an impairment charge in the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income. Any impairment loss recognised for
goodwill is not reversed.

In accordance with tAS 36, the Group has tested goodwill for
impairment at the balance sheet date. No goodwill impairment
was deemed necessary at 31 March 2024.

alphafme.com

Py)
Fj
a
2
5
=
g
=
&
a
é



===== page 117 =====
414 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Motes to

1, Summary of significant accounting policies
continued

Deferred and contingent consideration may arise on acquisitions.
Deferred consideration arises when settlement of all or part of the
cost of business combination falls due after the acquisition was
completed, Contingent consideration arises where consideration
is dependent on the future performance of the acquired company.

Deferred and contingent consideration associated with business
combinations thal is to be settled in cash is assessed in line with
agreed contractual terms. Consideration payabie is discounted
for the time vatue of money and recognised as capital investment
cost at fair vatue when the deferred or contingent consideration is.
not employmentlinked. Alternatively, where amounts payable are
contingent upon future employment, these amounts are recognised
as a remuneration expense over the deterral or contingent
performance period,

In circumstances where there is an option to settle in the form

of cash or a variable number of shares, the Group recognises a
financial liability for tre fair value of the discounted consideration.
Where consideration is seitled in a fixed number of shares, the
consideration is classified as equity, it is not remeasured, and
settlement is accounted for within equity.

Subsequent to the acquisition date, amounts relating to
deferred consideration are measured at amortised cost.
Contingent consideration amounts are recognised at fair value
through the consolidated staternent of comprehensive income.

At each balance sheet date, the fair value of contingent
consideration is measured using level 3 inputs in accordance with
the fair value hierarchy and as such these calculations contain
estimation uncertainty, as they relate to future performance.

The key inputs associated with the vaiuation of these liabilities
include the potential future cash flows of each acquired business,
the likelihood of an earn-out payment being made and estimating
an appropriate discount rate ta apply to these future cash flows.
Changes to these assumptions that support the fair vaiue are
racagnised within administration expenses as an adjusting item.
For further detail see notes 13 and note 23.

Changes in the carrying value of deferred and contingent
consideration liabilities associated with the passage of time
are recognised as a finance cost.

Consideration payments, including all deferred and contingent
consideration paid in the year, are reported within investing
activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows, except
for employment-linked payments, which are reported within
‘operating activities.

Other intangible assets

Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are initially
recagnised at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is
regarded as their cost). After initial recognition, intangible assets

acquired in a business combinaticn are reported at cost fess
accumulated amortisation and any impairment lasses.

alphafme.com

Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are
identified and recognised separately from goodwill where they
satisfy the definition of an intangible asset under IAS 38. Such
assets are only recognised if sither:

they are capable of being separated ar divided from the Group
and sold, transferred, licensed, rented or exchanged, either
individually or together with a related contract, identifiable
asset or liability, regardless of whetner the Group intends to
do so; or

~ they arise trom contractual or other iegat rights, regardless of
whether those rights are transferable or separable from the
entity of from other rights and obligations.

The cost of such intangible assets is their fair value at the acquisition
dale. All intangible assets acquired through business combination
are amortised over their estimated useful fives. The significant
intangibles recognised by the Group, their useful economic lives
and the methods used to determine the cost of the intangibles
acquired in business combinations are as follows. These useful
lives are re-assessed at each reporting date:

Intangible asset Useful life Vatuation method

Customer Muiti-period excess

relationships 4-12 years earnings method

ronan 7 years Relief from royalty method

Trade name 4-15 years Relief from royalty method
Muiti-period exces:

Order backlog 1-2 years ulti peri 's

earnings method

Capitalised development costs represent the costs incurred in the
development of internally generated software, primarily within the
Aiviq business.

Auseful economic life of three years has been deemed
appropriate based on the expected project lifecycle in
development of new software. The amortisation charge is
recognised in administration expenses within the consolidated
statement of comprehensive income.

Foreign exchange

Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the relevant
entity’s functional currency at the average foreign exchange rate
in the month of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilties
denominated in foreign currencies at the balance sheel date are
retransiated to the functional currency at the foreign exchange
rate ruling at that date. Non-monetary assets and Fabilties that
are measured in terms of historical cost in a forsign currency are
translated using the average exchange rate in the month of the
transaction and are not retranslated. Foreign exchange cifferenices
arising on translation to functional currency are recognised in
administration expenses.

The revenues and expenses of foreign operations are translated
to the Group’s ‘unctional currency at the average foreign exchange
rate in the month of the date of the transactions, The assets and
liabilities of foreign operations, including goodwill and fair value
adjustments arising on consolidation, are translated to the Group's
presentational currency, pound sterling, at foreign exchange rates
ruling at the balance sheet date, Foreign exchange differences
arising on retranslation of assets and liabilities relating to foreign
operations are recognised in other comprehensive income. Exchange
differences on translation of foreign operations may be reclassified
subsequently to profit or loss when specific conditions are mel.


===== page 118 =====
Senaneial mser amen s
The Group uses financial instruments comprising cash and cash
equivalents, borrawings, and athar short-term instruments, such
as tracle payables that arise from its operations. The main purpose
of these financial instruments is to fund the Group's business
strategy and working capital requirements.

Accounting policies in respect of financial instruments are
outlined below.

Financial assets are initially measured at fair value plus or minus,
in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or
loss, transaction costs. The Group has not reclassified any financial
assets subsequent to initial recognition as at the balance shest
date, Reclassification of classes of financial assets is accounted
for prospectively in accordance with IFRS 9, where this is required.
Any difference on reclassification from amortised cost to fair value
through profit or loss is recognised in the statement of comprehensive
income at the reclassification date,

The Group recognises an expected credit loss provision in relation
to financial assets. The simplified method is applied to the
Group's trade receivables as described below. The Group's
expected credit loss provision on all ather financial assets is
immaterial as the probability of default is low. Movernents in the
expected credit loss provision are recognised in profit or loss.
Refer to note 15 for further details.

Refer to note 23 for the disclosure of financial assets measured
at amortised cost.

Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at fair vaiue,
equal to the transaction orice, and subsequently measured at
amartised cost less pravision for impairment. The trace receivables
balances recorded in the Group's statement of financial position
are held until realised In cash.

The Group provides services to customers on credit terms with
mainly arrears billing. Certain receivables may not be paid. The
Group applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring
expected credit lasses, which uses a lifetime expected loss
allowance for all rade receivables. To measure expected cradit
losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on shared
credit characteristics and the days past due. The Group considers
historical loss rates for each ageing category as a starting point
for estimating the expected craait loss. This historical loss rate is
subsequently adjusted for macro-economic and customer-specific
factors of receivables within each ageing category. Characteristics
considered by the Group for these purposes include; historical
collection experience for each customer; the assessed liquicity of
key customers within the receivables balance; and other reievant
macro-economic factors in order to determine @ reasonable and
supportable assessment of the expected lifetime credit risk in the
context of the averall year-end vrade receivables due.

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances that are
recorded and subsequently measured al amortised cast in ine
with IFRS 9. Bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand and
are included as a component of cash and cash equivalents for
the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows.

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 115

The Group may use derivative financial instruments to manage its
exposure to foreign exchange and other risks. The Group does
Not use derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes.
Derivatives are recorded at their fair value in the consolidated
statement of financial position. Gains and losses on these
instruments are recognised immediately in the consolidated
statement of comprehensive income. A derivative with a positive
fair value is recogriised as a financial asset whereas a derivative
with a negative fair vaiue is recognised as a financial iabilty.
The Group has not formally designated any derivative financial
instruments to quaiify for hedge accounting, See note 23 for
further detaits,

Trade and other payables are initially recognised at tair value,
aqual to the transaction price, and are subsequentiy measured at
amortisad cost. Trade payables due within one year are not discounted

Refer to note 23 for the disclosure of financial liabilities measured
at amortised cost and fair vaiue.

Provisions are distinct from ether liabilities as there is uncertanty
over the timing or amount of the cash outflow required to settle
the liability. Provisions are measured at the present value of the
expenditure expected tc be required to settle the obligation. The
Group applies a "most likely outcome” approach in valuing these
obligations, ag this is most appropriate for the type af provisions
which the Group holds, These are discounted to present value
using an appropriate pre-tax discount rate, where the time value
of money is material. Refer to note 18 for detail of classes ct
provisions and further detail on material assumptions.

Pu
Fy
a
2
&
=
2
&
i
2
e

All loans and borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, equal
to the value of amounts received. Borrowings are subsequently
stated at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds
and the redemption value is recognised in the statement of
comarshensive income over the period of the borrowings using
the effective interest method.

Impairment of non financial assets

‘The carrying amounts of the entity's non-financial assets, other
than deferred tax assets, are raviewed at each reporting date to
determine whether there Is any indication of impairment. if any
such indication exists, then the asset's recoverable amount is
estimated. The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the
greater of its value in use and its fair value, Jess costs to Sell.

In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are
discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
reflacts current market assessments of the time value of money
and the risks specific to the asset.

For the purposes of impairment testing, assets that cannot be
tested individually are grouped together into the smaillest group of
assets that generates independent cash inflows {the CGU}: that is,
cash inflows from cantinuing use that are largely independent of
the cash inflows of other assets or groups of assets.

alphatme.com


===== page 119 =====
116 = Annual Report & Accounts 2024

ed five

Net

1. Summary of significant accounting policies
continued

An impairment toss is recognised if the carrying amount of an
asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable amount.
impairment losses are recognised in the statement of comprehensive
income. Impairment losses recognised in respect of CGUs are
allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill
allocated to the units and then to reduce the carrying amounts

of other assets in the CGU for group of CGUs} on a pro-rata basis.

An impairment loss relating to non-financial assets, excluding
goodwill, is reversed if and only if, the reasons for the impairment
have ceased te apply.

Impairment losses recognised in prior years are assessed at each
reporting date for any indication that the loss has decreased or no
ionger exists, An impairment loss is only reversed to the extent
that the asset's carrying amount does not exceed the carrying
amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation

or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

Right-of-use assets are accounted for in line with the “Leases”
section balow.

Current and deferred tax

Current and deferred tax is recognised in the consolidated
statement of comprehensive income, except in relation to
share-based payments where the amount of the tax deduction
exceeds the amount of the related cumulative share-based
payment charge, in which case it is recognised in equity.

Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the
taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively
enacted at the balance sheet date, and any adjustment to tax
payable in respect of previous periods.

Deferred tax is provided using the balance sheet liability approach,
providing for temporary differences between the carrying amounts
of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the
amounts used for taxation purposes, The amount of deferred tax
provided is based on the expected manner of realisation or settlernent
of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities, using tax rates
enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at cach
balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer
probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to aliow all
or part of the asset to be recovered. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set
off current tax assets against current tax jiabilitiss, and when they
relate to taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the Group.
intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.
Leases

The Group leases office premises in various jurisdictions. Leases
are negotiated on an individual basis, and for a variety of teems
over which rentals are fixed. Leases may contain a break clause
or options to extend for a further period at the then prevailing
market rate. Rental agreements to which IFRS 76 has been
applied span anywhere between 12 months and 10 years.
Contracts may contain both tease and non-lease components.
Non-lease components are separately identifiable and are
excluded from the recognition of the ‘ease under IFRS 16.

alphatme.com

ial statements

The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other
than the security interests in the leased assets that are heid
by the lesser. Leased assets may not be used as security for
borrowing purposes.

On initial recognition of a new lease, the lease lability is recognised
as the present value of future payments, discounted using the
incremental borrowing rate ("IBR’), unless the intarest rate implicit
to the lease is available for use.

Lease payments to be made subsequent to optional termination
options have been included within the lease liability measurement,
where it is reasonably certain that such options will be exercised,

Lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit
in the lease. If that rate cannot be easily determined, the IBR is
applied, being the rate that tne individuat lessee would have to
pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar
value to the right-of-.use asset in a similar economic environment
with similar terms, security and conditions. In determining the
IBR, the Group has made adjustments for relevant factors such
as lease term, lease value, country and asset specific considerations.

The Group accounts for lease payments by allocating them to a
finance cost element and against the lease liability. The finance
cost is charged to the statement of comprehensive income over
the lease period.

When the Group revises its estimate of the term of any lease
(lor example, if a significant change in circumstances within the
Group’s control indicates a reassessment is appropriate), the
Group adjusts the carrying amount of the lease liability to reflect
the payments to make over the revised term, which are discounted
using a revised discount rate. In such cases, an equivalent adjustrrent
is made to the carrying value of the right-ol-use asset, with the
revised carrying amount being amartised over the remaining
{revised lease term. If the carrying amount of the right-of-use
asset is adjusted to zero, any further reduction is recognised in
the statement of comprehensive income.

The Group has no material exposure to variable lease payments
that qualify for accounting treatment under IFRS 16.

The right-of-use asset for lease agreements entered into after
transition date is measured on initial recognition as the amount

equal to the lease liability, tess any lease incantives, plus any initial
direct costs. Right-of-use assets are depreciated over the shorter
of the asset's useful! life and the lease term on a straight-line basis.

‘The Group has used the practical expedients permitted by FRS 16
in relation to accounting for leases with a lease term of less than

12 months as “short-term leases’, and those with a low value as
“low-value leases”, Consequently, no lease liability or right-of-use
asset is calculated thereon, These leases are expensed in the
statement of comprehensive income. The Group also applies the
practical expedient to combine leases with similar characteristics
to a portfolio of leases for the purpose of applying the
requirements of IFRS 16.

See note 7 for further details on the Group's leasing arrangements.


===== page 120 =====
Bovenue eeogeticn

Revenue consists of the value of work executed for clients during
the year and expenses recharged, exclusive of VAT. Revenue is.
classified into net fee income and recharged expenses. Nef fee
income represents the Group's personnel, subcontractor and
related expertise and services sold to clients. Recharged expenses
is the recharge of costs incidental to fulfilling contracts incluging
flignts, subsistence and accommodation on which nil or negligible
margin is eared by the Group.

The Group delivers services that have no alternative use to Alpha
{advice to clients, reports, etc.) as the services are specttically
tallored to clients’ projects and scope of work. The significant
majority of the Group's revenue is contracted on a time and
materials basis, where the performance obligation is to provide
consultancy resources af agreed day rates. For such contracts,
revenue is recognised ovar time, 86 consultant days worked
are delivered, Modifications or extensions to such projects are
recognised as services are delivered. Significant extensions,
where the scope or price of the contract increases, are treated
as separate contracts. Contracts accounted for on a time and
materials basis are billed incrementally, typically monthiy, for
incurred time and materials.

Revenue recognition for fixed-fee projects is based on the
satisfaction of performance obligations in line with contractual
project milestones, depending on the nature of the performance
Ccbligations for the project. Material scope changes are managed
via a new agreement with the client, Fixed-tee projects are typically
billed in accordance with the nature of the perormance obligations
when a right to payment crystallises.

For most fixed-fee milestone projects, revenue is recognised at
a paint in time pan delivery of each performance obligation and
these projects are typically dilled as contractual milestones are
delivered and the right to payment exists. Gentractual milestones
are only treated as separate performance obligations by the
Group when they are distinet from the other elements in the
contract and could provide a benefit to the customer without
furtner work being completed. In limited circumstances, revenue
from fixed fee milestone projects is recognised over time where
the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance
sompleted to date, before the contractual milestone has been
fully delivered.

Revenue relating to right-to-access software licensing fees is
recognised over time, as the benefits of the software are consumed
by the customer over the licence period. Associated implementation
and other services are recognised in line with the underlying
performance obligation, either over the contractual licence period
where the associated service is not distinct from the licence, or in
line with the work perlormed where the service provided is deemed
distinct trom the underlying licence. This assessment is made at a
contractual level based on the level of interdependency between
the promises in each related contract,

Revenue is wholly attributable to the princigal activities of the
Group. For alll revenue types, payment is typically due between
30 and 69 days after the invoice date or receipt of invoice.
depending on the client and geography.

Annual Report & Accounts 2024117

Activity performance recognised as revenue in excess of invoices
raised are contract receivables and are inchided within accrued
income, up to the value of the relevant project delivery milestone,
where applicable, On invoicing, the contract receivable reclassified
to trade receivables

Where amounts have been invoiced in excess of work pertormed
and revenue recognised, the excess is a contract liability and is
included within deferred income, valued in line with the nature of
the project and related pertormance obligations as described
above and recognised in future periods.

c

Cost of sales is defined by management as the direct costs
associated with the generation of the Group's revenue, including
staff payroll and contractor costs that are directly attributable to
the delivery of services and supporting growth.

ot uf sales

Rechargeable expenses, including travel and subsistence directly
recharged to the Group's clients as part of revenue generation,
are presentad within the “rechargeable expenses” line within the
Group's statement of comprehensive income,

z
Fy
FA
3
8.
2
g
&
s
3
2
2
5

Gosts directly attributable to the fulfiiment of unsatisfied or partially
unsatisfied performance obtigations on customer contracts are
recognised as an asset where these costs generate or enhance
resources of the Group and the costs are exoacted to be recovered.
These costs principally relate to partialy completed milestones
on fixed-ee contracts and non-distinct software implementation
costs Incurred in advance of the commencement of the client's
licence period on Aiviq contracts. These costs are recognised in
the consolidated income statement at the point of revenue recognition
fer fixed-fee milestone projects, or are amortised to the consolidated
ingome statement over the licence peried for non-distinct
software implementation costs.

Aammuistraticn expenses

Administration expenses are defined by management as costs
incurred by the Group that are not directly associated with the
generation of revenue, This includes items such as head office
Staff costs. recruitment and professional fees and IT services.
which are expensed as incurred. Administration expanses exclude
finance income and expenses and taxation, which are presented
separately in the income statement

Segmental r
An operating segment is a component of the Group:

@

that engages in business activities from which it may earn
revenues and incur expenses (inciuding revenues and
expenses relating {0 transactions with other components
of the same Group):

whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the Board
07 Directors in order to make decisions about resources to be
allocated to that component and assess its performance: and

(ii) tor which discrete financial information is available.

Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the
internal reporting provided to the chiet operating decision maker,
as required by IFRS 8 Operating Segments. The chief operating
decision maker is responsible for allocating resources and
assessing performance of the operating segments and has

been identified as the Board of Directors.

aiphatme.cem


===== page 121 =====
118 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

> sansolidata

1. Summary of significant accounting policies
continued

The accounting pelicies of the reportable segments are consistent
with the accounting policies of the Group as a whole. Segment
profit represents the gross profit earned by each segment without
allocation of administraticn expenses, interest payable and tax.
This is the measure of profit tnat is reported to the Board of Directors
for the purpose of resource allocation and the assessment of
segment performance.

The Board regularly reviews consolidated operating results to
make decisions about the financial and organisational resources
of the Group and to assess overall performance

Employee enetts

A defined contripution plan is a post-employment benefit plan
under which the Group pays fixed contributions into a separate
entity and will have a legal or constructive obligation to pay further
amounts. Contributions to defined contribution schemes are charged
to the statement of comprehensive income as they become
payable in accordance with the rules of the scheme. Differences
between contributions payable in the year and contrioutions paid
are shown as sither accruals or prepayments in the consolidated
statement of financial position,

The cost of share-based employee compensation arrangements,
whereby employees receive remuneration in the form of snares or
share options, is recognised as an employee benefit expense in
the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

The total expense to be apportioned over the vesting period of
the benefit is determined by reference to the fair value (excluding
the effact of non-market-based vesting conditions} at the date
of grant

In determining the fair value of share-based payments under IFRS
2, management has considered a number of internal and external
factors in order to judge the probability that management and
amployee share incentives may vest. Such judgements involve
estimating {ulure performance and other non-market-oased factors.

At the end of each reporting period the assumptions underlying
the number of awards expected to vest are adjusted for the effects
of non-markel-based vesting conditions to reflect the conditions
prevailing at that date, The impact of any revisions to the original
estimates is recognised in the statement of comprehensive
income, with a corresponding adjustment to equity. Fair vaiue is
measured by the use of a binomial model. The assumptions have
been acjusted, based on management's best estimate, for the
effects of non-transferability, ack of dividend until vesting and
exercise restrictions.

The fair value calculations in both the current and prior years
have been externally assessed and deemed reasonable in
the circumstances.

After vesting, the Group satisfies share option exercises either
through the issuance of new ordinary shares, or through the
transfer of existing shares held in the Company's EBT to the
employee. Any share options not exercised upon vesting remain
outstanding unti! the end of the contracted exercise period.

An associated employers’ social security tax liability on these
share options is accrued through the vesting geriod to align with
the payment due upon exercise. The value cf this liability at the
balance sheet date is assessed by reference to the estimated
future share price on exercise, where applicable.

alphafme.com

statements «7

The Grous operates a profit share bonus and cther bonus
schemes that aim to pay employees a percentage of an individual's
salary, subject to country or regional-level corporate performance
in the period. The profit share is accrued at each reporting date,
based on management's best estimates of the staff bonuses to
be paid considering the overall financial performance and is
recognised as an employes benefit expense in the consolidated
statement of comprehensive income. The profit share and bonus
accrual is not considered to be a significant estimate due to the
proximity and certainty of the payment at the reporting date

Short-term employee benefits, including holiday pay and medical
care, are accrued as services are rendered

Farnings per share

The Group presents basic and diluted earnings per share ("EPS"),
on both a statutory and adjusted basis. Basic EPS is calculated
by dividing the profit or loss for the year attrioutable to ordinary
shareholders by the weighted average number of ordinary shares
outstanding during the year.

‘The Group applies the "treasury share method” in calculating the
weighted average number of ditutive ordinary shares used in the
calculation of diluted EPS, under which only the bonus element of
potentiaily cilutive shares is reflected in the denominator. Bonus
shares represent the number of shares that could be issued to
satisfy share option awards granted to employees under the Group's
management incentive plan (“MIP”) and employee incentive plan
(“EIP’), net of shares covered by the assumed proceeds to be
received for these awards in the future. For further detail on these
plans, please see note 22.

These share options are only included in the calculation of dilutive
shares where the performance conditions, excluding employment
conditions, are deemed to he satisfied at tha balance sheet date.
The inclusion of such potentially diluttve shares is weighted based
on the period in which the share options were outstanding in the
year. Potentially dilutive shares are only treated as cilutive when
their conversion to ordinary shares would decrease EPS (or
increase loss per share).

For the purpose of calculating adjusted EPS the same adjustments
as set out in note 4 are made to the Group's profil for the
financial year.

Alternative performance measures

In order to provide further information on the underlying performance
of the Group, the Group uses alternative performance measures
(APMs"). The measures are not defined under IFRS and they may
not be directly comparable with other companies’ adjusted measures.
These non-GAAP measures are not intended to be a substitute
for, or superior to, any IFRS measures of performance. but have
‘been included as the Directors consider thern to be helotul
measures used within the business for assessing the underlying
performance of the Group across periods. The disclosure of
these measures within the financial statements is designed to
provide the user with additional relevant information, and to
supplement those measures disclosed under IFRS. The Group
performs a reconciliation for each APM, which includes disclosure
af the most directly reconcilable line item, subtotal or total presentect
under IFRS within the financial statements, For further details
please rater to note 4.

Dividends:

Dividends proposed by the Board are recognised in the financial
statements when they have been approved by shareholders at
the AGM, Interim dividends are recognised when they are paid.


===== page 122 =====
Audit exemptions for UK subsidiaries

Certain Uk-registered subsidiaries have taken advantage of the
Parent company guarantee exemption to prepare unaudited
accounts in accordance with $479A of the Companies Act 2006,
The name and registered number of each subsidiary taking
advantage of the audit sxemption are shown below:

Rogistered
Company number
Aviqlimited  =—s—iti—“‘<‘=~*~=s*~*~*~*~*~*S*C«S BB
Axxsys Limited 94967647
Obsidian Solutions Limited 09737564
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting MENA Limited 14638009

full ist of subsidiary undertakings is disclosed in note 2 of the
Company financiai statements on pp 149-150.

New accounting standards and interpretations

The folowing changes in accounting policies were applied by the
Group in these consolidated financial statements for the year
ended 31 March 2024. These included the adoption of new
standards and interpretations described below.

The International Accounting Standards Board (‘lASB"} and
IFRS Interpretations Committee (“IFRIC") have issued the following
standards, amendments and interpretations, which are now effective:

~ IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts, effective from 1 January 2023.
— Amendments to IFRS 17, effective fram 1 January 2023.

~ Disclosure of Accounting Policies (Amendments to IAS 1 and
IFRS Practice Statement 2), effective from 1 January 2023.

— Definition of Accounting Estimates (Amencments to IAS 8),
effective from 1 January 2023.

— Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilties arising from @
Single Transaction (Amendments to IAS 12), effective from
1 January 2023.

International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Mode! Rules
(Amendments to IAS 12) ~ Application of the exception
and disclosure of that fact, effective from 23 May 2023.

~ International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Mode! Rules
(Amendments to IAS 12) - other disclosure requirements,
effective from 1 January 2023.

~ International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules
(Amendments to the ‘IFRS for SMEs’ Standard), effective
trom 29 September 2023 (not yet endorsed by the UK).

‘The Directors reviewed the nature and offect of these new
standards on the Group and noted ne material impact on
the financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2024,

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 = 119.

The following other standards, interpretations and amendments to
existing standards have been issued but were not mandatory for
accounting periods beginning on 7 April 2023 and are not
expected to have a material impact on the Group:

IFRS +8 Presentation and Disclosures in financial statements,
effective from 1 January 2027 (not yet endorsed by the UK}.

-~ Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-Current
(Amendments to IAS 1), effective from 1 January 2024,

~ Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback (Amendments to
IFRS 16), effective from 1 January 2024,

Non-current Liabilities with Covenants (Amendments to IAS 1),
effective from 1 January 2024.

~ Supplier Finance Arrangements (Amendments to IAS 7 and
IFRS 7}, effective from 1 January 2024.

1

IFRS 19 Subsidiaries without Public Accountability, effective
from 1 January 2027 (not yet endorsed by the UK),

Lack of Exchangeability (Amendments to IAS 21}, effective
from 1 January 2025 (not yet endorsed by the UK).

alphatme.com

g
g
3
3
3
=
®



===== page 123 =====
120 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

siotes "a

2. Segmental information

Group management nas determined the operating segments by considering the segment information that is reported internally to

the chief operating decision maker, the Board of Directors. For management purposes, the Group is currently organised into three
geographical operating divisions: UK, North America and Europe & APAC, which allows the Board to evaluate the nature and financial
effects of the business activities of the Group and the economic environments in which it operates.

The Group's operations all consist of one type: specialist consultancy and related services to the financial services industry. Revenues
associated with software licensing arrangements were not significant in both the current and prior years. Therefore, the Directors
consider that disaggregating revenue by operating segments is most relevant to depict how the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty
of revenue and cash flows may be affected by economic factors,

North Europe &
UK America® APAC? Total
FY2400 oe . . 7 . . £0000 £000. _. £000 . a £'000
Revenue 91,547 91,359 52,565 235,471
Rechargeable expenses : (353) (813) (680) (1,846)
Net fee income 91,194 90,546 51,885 233,625
Gost of sates. (68.190) (62,219) 34,919) (185,328)
Gross profit 33,004 28,327 18,966 78,297
Margin on net fee income® (%} 36.2% 31.3% 32.7% 33.5%
Non-current assets 65,175 44,632 26,467 136,274
North Europe &
UK America® APAG? Total
Lh . oe £000 £000 £000 £7000
Revenue 87,467 91,815 49,485 228,717
(327) (717) (518) (1,562)
48,917 227,155
Cost of sales 62,117) 61,104) (83,575) (146,798)
Gross profit 35,023 29,994 18,342 80,359
Margin on net fee income” (%) 40.2% 32.9% 31.4% 36.4%
Non-current assets 69,445 46,721 23,360 139,526
During the year, the Group did not have any customers that camprised more than 10% of the Group's revanues (FY 23. ri).
3. Operating profit
FY 24 FY23
_ —— Noto 900 £7000
Operating profit for the year is stated after charging:
Amortisation of intangible assets 42 4,325 4,762
Depreciation charge 714 2,769 1,933
Foreign exchange losses 331 459
Short-term lease expense 7 723 1,098
Impairment provision recognised on trade receivables 18 28 109
Defined contribution pension scheme costs 5 4519 2,791
Share-based payment charge 22 7.337 7,950
Earn-out and deferred consideration” 13 4122 2,525
Acquisition and integration costs 292 331
Restructuring costs 945 -
FY 24 FY 23
oe oe ee . oe gooo £'000
Auditor's remuneration:
Audit fees - parent company 155 123
Audit fees - subsidiary companies 465 370

Other assurance services - -

Ajl Group auditor remuneration relates to audit fees. There were no additional advisory services provided by the auditor to the Group in
both the current and prior years.

ST Margin on net fee income 1s gross oreit expressed 2s 2 percentage of net fee income. Please refer to note 4 for furtner detail on the Groiip’s APMS

36 Vinhin North America, the United States generated revenue of £78.0m FY 29 €77.1m) and Canada generated revenue of €13.4m (FY 23 214.7)

|g Wnhin Europe & APAG. France is a material country and generated revenue of £20. tr [FY 23, 218 7p

40 The earn-out and de'erred consideration expense in the yaar comprises ai employ ment-Annked consideration charge of 1.1m and an associated sonal secunty charge of £0.1m, offset by
a fat value aduusimant of £0.17, See note 15 for turtner details

alphafme.com


===== page 124 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024-121

4, Reconciliations to alternative performance measures

Alpha uses alternative performance measures (‘APMs’) that are not defined under the requirements of IFRS, The APMs, including net
fee income, margin on net fae income, adjusted EBITDA. adjusted profit before tax, adjusted EPS, adjusted cash generated from
operations, adjusted cash conversion, organic net fee income growth and constant currency growth, are provided to allow stakeholders
a further understanding of the underlying trading performance of the Group and aid comparability between accounting periods, These
measures have Deen presented consistently across reporting periods. They are not considered a substitute fos, or superior to. IFRS
measures, and may not be comparable across other companies. The exclusion of adjusting items in the Group's APMs may result in
adjusted profitability being materially higher when compared with the nearest equivalent statutory measures

Net fee income
The Group disaggregates revenue into net tee Income and expenses recharged to clients, Net fee income provides insight into the
Group's productive output and is used by the Board to set budgets and measure performance. This APM (s reconciled fo revenue on
the face of the consolidated statement of comprehensive income and by segment in note 2.

Profit margins

Margin on net fee income and adjusted EBITDA margin are calculated using gross profit and adjusted EBITDA, expressed as a
percantage of net fee income. These represent the margin that the Group earns on its productive output, excluding nil or negligible
margin expense recharge to clients over which the Group has limited control, and allows comparability cf business output between
periods. Such adjusted margins are usod by senior management and the Board! to assess the performance of the Group.

Reconciliation of adjusted profit before tax, adjusted operating profit and adjusted EBITDA

FY 24 FY 2a
Note £000 £1000
Profitbeforetax 22,570 28,771
Amortisation of acquired intangible assets 12 4,325 4,876
Profit on disposal of fixed assets (4a, (1a)
‘Share-based payment charge 22 7,337 7,950
Earn-aut and deferred consideration 8 1,122 2.525
Acquisition and integration costs 292 331
Restructuring costs 945 -
Foreign exchange losses - 331 459
Adustingitems ESS 34,908” 18,827
Non-underlying finance expenses 13 1,621
Adjustedprofitbetoretax 38499 44,018
Net underlying finance expenses 887 448
Adjustedoperating prot. "39,386 «44,463
Depreciation charge 7,4 2,769 1,933
Amortisation of capitalised development costs _ 12 - 186
Adjusted EBITDA Oe a5 46,582
Adjusted EBITDA margin (96) 18.0% 20.5%

Adjusting items
To assist in understanding the underlying performance of the Group and aid comparability between periods, management appies
judgement to exciude certain expense items from the Group’s APMs, which are deemed to warrant separate disclosure dus to either
their nature or size. Such adjusting items as described below are generally non-cash, non-recurring by nature or are acquisition related.

Amortigation of aequirad intangible assets and profit or foss on disposal of fixed assets are treated as adjusting items to better reflect
the underlying performance of the business, as they are non-cash items. principally relating to acquisitions.

The Group's share-based payment charge and related social security taxes are excluded from adjusted prolit measures. This allows for
better comparability between periods given the complexity of the assumptions undertying the calculation and the multi-year effect of
mid-cycle changes to certain assumptions being adjusted for on a cumulative basis, sometimes resuiting in material fluctuations in the
charge belwesn periods that are not reflactive of the under'ying operational performance of the business. The charge and related social
security taxes are alse subject to external factors, such as the Group's share price. over which the Directors have less day-to-day
influence comparee to other more directly controllable factors. This approach has been applied consistently across reporting periods.
Note 22 sets out further details of the employee share-based eayment charge calculation under IFRS 2,

The Group wil continue to assess the status of this charge as an adjusting item in the Group's financial statements. considering the
development of the charge, the Group and its remuneration policies. If no adjustment was made for ths share-based payment charge,
adjusted EBITDA for the period would te £34.8m (FY 23: 138.6} and adjusted EBITDA margin would be 14.9% (FY 23: 17.0%).

21 The #amn-out and deterred consigeration expense n the year comprises an empiay nant-lnaed consideration charge cf 1.1m, an associates social security charge of 25 2m, ctfoat
ya £0 Im far value adj.stment Refer to rote 13 fer firtner cetas

alphatme.comn

z
5
Fy
3
&
&
2
2
s
Z
3
2
&



===== page 125 =====
122 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

iudated Snancial stat:

tos

4. Reconciliations to alternative performance measures continued

As per note 13, the acquisitions of Shoreline in the year, and Lionpoint in FY 22, involved both deferred and contingent payments.
Some of these acquisition payments are tependent on the ongoing employment of certain members of the respective senior management
teams, and this element is expensed annually over several years unti! the date of payment. These costs have been treated as adjusting
items as they are acquisition related, reflecting the acquisition terms rather than the Group's trading performance, Additionally, where
there is a change to the expected future payments or discount rates, a fair value adjustment to tho liability is recorded in the income
statement, Whilst these acquisition-related costs will recur in the short term through the earn-out periods, the adjustment allows
comparability of underlying productive output and operating performance of the Group across reporting periads.

Other acauisition and integration costs expensed in the year relate to the acauisition cf Shoreline, including due diligence, legal fees
and integration costs. Whilst further similar acquisition and integration costs could be incurred in the future, these costs are not directly
attributable to the ongoing operational trading performance of the Group. The timing and amount of such costs may vary and treating
these as an adjusting item allows comparability of the operating performance across reporting periods.

Restructuring costs in FY 24 relate to a specific UK-focused redundancy programme, which aims to support returning the business
to more normal levels of utilisation and profitability, given the more competitive market environment. These costs are non-recurring
and, therefore have been treated as an adjusting item to allow comparability of the underlying performance of the Group.

The impact of foreign currency volatility in translating local working capital anc cash balances to their relevant functionai currencies
has been excluded from the calculation of adjusted profit measures on the basis that such exchange rate movements do not reflect
the underlying trends cr operational performance of the Group. The foreign exchange movements were immaterial in both the current
anc prior years.

Non-underlying finance expenses

in calculating adjusted profit before tax, unwinding of the discounted contingent and deferred acquisition consideration within

finance expenses is considered non-underlying as these amounts relate to acquisition consideration. rather than the Group's
underlying trading performance.

Adjusted profit before tax

Adjusted profit before tax is an APM calculated as profit before tax stated before adjusting items, including amortisation of acquired
intangible assets, share-based payment charge, acquisilion-related payments and costs, non-underlying finance expenses and other
non-underlying expenses. This measure allows comparability of the Group's underlying performance, reflecting depreciation, amortisation
of capitalised development costs and underlying finance expenses.

Adjusted operating profit
Agjusted operating profit is an APM defined by the Group as adjusted profit before tax before charging underlying finance expenses,
inclucing fees on bank foans and interest on lease liabilities. The Directors consiciar this metric alongside statutory operating profit to
allow further understanding and comparablty of the underlying operating performance of the Group between periods. This measure
has been consistently used as the basis for adjusted cash conversion.

Adjusted EBITDA

Adjusted EBITDA is a commonly used operating measure, which is defined by the Group as adjusted operating profit stated before
non-cash items, including amortisation of capitalised development costs and the depreciation charge. Adjusted EBITDA is a measure
that is used by management and the Board to assess underlying trading performance across the Group, and forms the basis of the
performance measures fer aspects of remuneration, including consutant prefit share and bonuses.

Adjusted profit after tax
Adjusted profit after tax is similarly used to allow a further understanding of the underlying performance of the Group. Adjusted profit
after tax is stated before adjusting items and their associated tax effects. The associated tax effects are calculated by applying the
relevant effective tax rate to the adjusting items. A nil effective tax rate has been applied to earn-cut and deferred consideration,
acquisition costs and non-underlying finance expenses totalling £3.0m as these items are treated as capital in nature and are therefore
non-deductiole for tax purposes. An overall effective tax rate of 26.0% has been applied to all other adjusting items totalling £12.9m,
reflecting the tax rates in the geographical locations to which the items relate.

Adjusted profit before tax 44,015
Tax charge 6,723) (7.810)
Tax impact of adjusting items (3,289) (2,976)
Adjusted profit aftertax _ 7 __ “28,487 _-38,229

aiphatme.com


===== page 126 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 123

Adjusted earnings per share

Adjusted earnings per share ("EPS') is calculated by dividing the adjusted profit after tax for the year attributable to ercinary shareholders
by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year. Adjusted diluted EPS is calculated by dividing adjusted
profit after tax by number of shares as above, adjusted for the impact of potentially dilutive ordinary shares, Potentialy cilutive ordinary
shares are only treated as dilutive when their conversion to ordinary shares would decrease ERS [or increase loss per share). Refer to
note 11 for further detail,

a
Adjusted EPS (p) 24.90 29.27
Adjusted diluted EPS (p) 23.34 27.37

Reconciliation of adjusted administration expenses

To express them on the same basis as the APMs described above, adjusted administration expanses are stated oefore adjusting items,
depreciation and amortisation of capitatised deveiooment costs and are used by the Board to monitor the underlying adiministration
expenses of the business in calculating adjusted EBITDA.

FY 24 FY 23
. ee ou. we Note 1000000 RY
Administration expenses 53,219 siz
Adjusting items (14,308) (15.607) J
Depreciation charge 74 (2,769) 933) FY
Amortisation of capitalised development costs a nc 2
Adjusted administration expenses 36,142 33,777 H

Adjusted cash generated from operations
Adjusted cash generated from operations excludes the operating cash flow impact of adjusting items, such as employment-linked

acquisition payments and associated social security taxes, other acquisition and integration costs paid in the period, and restructuring
costs. This is to reflect the Group's underlying operating cash tows on a consistent basis with adjusted profit measures.

Fy 24 Fy 20%
we ee ee 0 _ 0
Gash generated fromoperations 20,408 43,875
Employment-iinked acquisition payments 1,923 1,981
Acquisition and integration costs. 292 331
Restructuring cost 945 -
Adjusted cash generated from operations sSs—~—<“—~“s*s*s*s~*~s~—s‘“s*s*S™SSS”SCS*S*~i NT

Adjusted cash conversion

Cash conversion is stated as cash generated from operations expressed as a percentage of operating profit

Adjusted cash conversion is stated as adjusted cash generated from operations expressed as @ percentage of adjusted operating pratit.

FY 24 _Fy2a

Cash conversion BI% 183%

Adjusted cash conversion 60% 104%

Organic net fee income growth

Organic net fee income growth excludes net fee income from acquisitions in the 12 months following acquisition. Net fee income fram
any acquisition made in the penod is excluded from arganic growth. For acquisitions made part way through the comparative period,
the current period's net fee income contribution is reduced te inciude only net fe ncome for the period following the acquisition
anniversary, in order to. compare organic growth on a tke-fortike basis.

Organic net fee income growth of 1.8% [FY 23: 39.6%) for the current period represents FY 24 net fee income less £2.3m of net fee
income attriputabie to Shoreline, treated as inorganic.

22 The Grau has refrag tho canton of adjusted cash gonarated [orn operations :0 AxCiuse 14x pat inthe wear This allows for quater congisreriey 28 adiusied operating pil, vsed as
tne deromanator the calewlahon {or adjusted casr conver"wan. 18 halzré lax AdsitOnAlly Ins BODIOACT s.r one wait. comparabie carnpanies ana alos ease of comparcon agarTst
‘esa companes The FY 73 ccrnparanve nas deer! reslaied on this nen basis to allow ‘Or comparatity Detwaen year

45 Employmment-inked acquistion pasmants of Ut Om caine ses £1 @mm ol acquistion comsiusraton Cassie’ as eriploymentinkud and £019 of assomsted social Sacuthy Payments

44 F ¢ 28 cash conversion andl axhusted cash Gorvarsion have been ‘estated to exclude 13x Dac 9 the year “PMlechng ne Grous's wired Jetta of agy,Stes cash generated tom
ope"stions, as explamned above

aiphafme.cam


===== page 127 =====
124 = Annual Report & Accounts 2024

mote, tot dated fingr

4. Reconcitiations to alternative performance measures continued

Constant currency growth

The Group operates in multiple jurisdictions and generates revenues and profits in various currencies. Results are translated on consolidation
at the average foreign exchange rates prevailing in that period. These exchange rates vary from year to year, so the Group presents
some of its results on a “constant currency” basis. This means that the current year’s results have been retranslated using the average
exchange rates from the prior year to allow for comparison of year-on-year results, eliminating the effects of changes in exchange rates.

Currency transtation had an impact on both ret fee income and gross profit in the year, primarily in North America, as a result of a
strengthening British pound sterling through the year. In the year, British pound sterling averaged USD 1.26 (FY 23: USD 1.21}, and
CAD 7.69 (FY 23: CAD 1.59), whilst it was flat against the euro at an average of €1.16 (FY 23: €1.18).

On a constant currency basis, Group net fee income would be £238.0m, which is growth of 4.8% overall. Similarly, North America
net fee income would bs £94.5m and Europe & APAC would be £52.3rn which would be growth of 3.8% and 6.9% respectively,

Ona similar basis the Group's gross profit would have been £79.6m representing a 0.9% decrease, 2s opposed to a 2.6% decrease
ona reported basis.

5. Staff costs
The average number of employees employed by the Group, where “employees” includes Executive Directors but excludes contractors, was:

FY 24 FY 23,
Number Number
oe So ee “377820
North America 321 272
Europe & APAC 241 210
Administration 122 107
Average number of employees inthe year — ~ . ° 14,061 909
Total staff costs included in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income were:
FY 24 FY23
£000 £000
Wages, salaries and shori-termbenefits 929,835 119,432
Social security costs 12,241 11144,
Pension costs 4.519 2791
Share-based payment charge 7337 7,950

Total staff costs for the year _ 184,032 441,317

Staff costs in relation to key management personnel, as defined in note 25, were:

FY 24 FY 23

ee oo 7 _ . £000 ____ £000
Wages, salaries and short-term benefits 3.025 3,468
Social security costs 414 604
Pension costs. 83 105
Share-based payment charge __ ___1,631 2,991
Total staff costs for key management personnel for the year_ 5,153 7,068

Directors’ remuneration

Detaiied disclosures in respect of Directors’ remuneration are provided in the Remuneration Committee ceport on pp 84-94, Further
disclosures are provided here to comply with the requirements of Schedule 5 of the Large and Medium-sized Companies and Groups
(Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008.

The total aggregate remuneration of the Directors of the Company for the year ended 31 March 2024 was £1,844,000 (FY 23: £2,966,000},
including gains on the exercise of share options of £644,000 (FY 23; £1,648,000}, On this same basis, the aggregate remuneration of the
highest paid Director for the year ended 31 March 2024 was £1,210,000 (FY 23: £1,973,000}.

‘The share option gains disclosed above differ from the gains of £1.154,000 (FY 28: £366,000) disclosed in the single-figure table provided
in the Remuneration Committee report on p. 91 because they are calculated based on share options exercised in the year, whereas the
amounts in the single-figure table are calculated based on share options vested in the year. Additionally, the FY 23 aggregate remuneration
disclosed above also includes £1,973,000 relating to Euan Fraser, which is excluded from the single-figure table in the Flemuneration
Committee report as he stepped down from the Board on 31 March 2023. This aggregate amount for Euan Fraser comorises salary and
bonus of £694,000, pension costs of £19,000 and gains on share options exercised of £1.260,000. All other components of remuneration
are on @ consistent basis with the amounts disclosed in the single figure table in the Remuneration Committee raport.

As at 31 March 2024, one Director (FY 23: one Director) was accruing benefits under a defined contribution pension scheme.

alphafme.com


===== page 128 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 125

FY 24 FY 23

Note £000 £000
Bank interest receivable a CO “ 346 64
Totalfinanceincomess—<“—s—“‘*s*s~s‘“‘“*s~<“‘*‘“‘“‘<=s;séi‘“‘;*;*™SC~C™~™C™C™C*C*C*~‘é GC
Interest and fees payable on bank loans (225) (696)
interest on lease liabilities (308) 216)
Totatundeiyingfinance expenses. itt ~~ Gt233) (12)
‘Non-underlying finance expenses 13 (1,621) (2,817)
Yotalfinanceexpenses SS SsSSSsC‘CsSsCSCS 85) 229)
Net underlying finance expenses (887) (448)
Net finance expenses (2,508) (2,865)

The Group holds one principal bank facility comprising a £50.0m committed RCF with Llayds and HSBC with a tenor to June 2026.
This facility is subject to two independent financial covenants relating to interest Cover and net debt ratios, which were complied with

through the year.

The Group has utlised up to a maximum of £17.8m of the facility, drawn down occasionally through the year to Meet short-term
currency requirements. The facility was undrawn as at 31 March 2024, and the Group remains in a strong net cash position of £29.4m.
An RGF drawdown and correspanding repayment of £10.2m is reported in the consolidated statement of cash flows as certain amourts

have been presented on a net basis where amounts have been drawn down and repaid within three months.

7. Leases
Right-of-use assets
Buildings

ee _ _ _ a oo £000
Net book value 7 oo BO
As at 1 April 2022 2,301
Additions 2871
Effect of modifications to lease terms: 209
Depreciation charge (1.388)

Foreign exchange adjustments

As at 31 March 2023, a
Additions

Effect of modifications to lease terms (1.108)
Depreciation charge (2,134)
Foreign exchange adjustments (zy
AsataiMarch2024 0 sssss—“CsS™SSC“‘*™*‘étSRSC

Equipment
under lease

_—— £000 _

Total
__ £000,

2,304

2,671
209

(1.389)

(1,106)
(2339

a)
2,333

Right of-use asset additions of £1.6m relate to various new office leases across the UK ang Nortn America, following the expiry
of certain eases during the year. These additions are partly ofiset by lease modifications of £1.1m, primarily relating to the early exit

of an office lease in the UK.

Lease liabilities
A summary of the Group's undiscounted jease liabilities as at 31 March 202d is presented below:

Due within one year
Due between one and five years
Due after five years

Total lease liabilities - undiscounted

alphafme.com

@
&
g
3
3
z
&



===== page 129 =====
126 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

7. Leases continued
Amounts recognised in the Group's consolidated statement of comprehensive income

FY 24 FY 23,

2£'000,
Depreciation of right-o-use asset at (1.389)
Short-term lease expense (723) (1,098)
Low-value lease expense - -
Variable service charges (419) 454)
Included in administration expenses i Oo e973) e539)
Interest expense on lease liabilities (308) (216)
Includedinfinanceexpenses ; : ee ee)

‘Total cash rental payments made in the year on all lease tenors amounted to £3.0m (FY 23: £2.6m), of which £2.3m (FY 23: £1.5m)
related to lease liabilities and £0,7m (FY 23; £1.1m} related to short-term leases,

The Group has given consideration to any extension options and early termination options with reasonable certainty, and these have
been reflected within the lease liabilities where appropriate.

The Group has no maierial income or expenses associated with sub-leasing arrangements, sale-and-leaseback transactions, or
variable lease payments.

&. Taxation

FY 24 FY 23
_ £7000 £000

Current tax

In respect of the current year —- UK 3,130 3,660
Foreign taxation 5,495 8,059
Adjustment in respect of prior periods (196) (442)
Deferred tax

In respect of the current year - UK (1,344) (1,995)
Foreign taxation 9 (1,380)
Change in tax rate on opening batance - 8
Adjustment in respect of prior periods G7
Totaltaxexpensefortheyear oT 6,723

The Finance Act 2922 increased the main rate of corporation tax in the UK to 25% from 1 Apri! 2023. The UK deferred tax balances as
disclosed in note 9 reflect this substantively enacted rate in the current and prior years.

in addition to the tax expense for the year ended 31 March 2024, the Group has also recognised a total charge of £0.8m (FY 23: £2.4m
credil) of tax through equity, comprising a charge of £1.4m (FY 23: £0.97 credit) relating to deferred tax on share options outstanding,
partiy offset by a credit of £0.8m (FY 23: £1.5m) relating to current tax on the exercise of share options in the year. Additionally, a £0.1m
credit (FY 23: £0.4m charge) was recognised through other comprehensive income, relating to the deferred tax impact of foreign
exchange fluctuations on acquired intangible assets.

alphatme.com


===== page 130 =====
Annuat Report & Accounts 2024 127

The gifference between the total tax expense shown above and the amount calculated by applying the standard rate of UK corporation

tax to the profit before tax is as follows.

Profit before taxation

ax on profit on ordinary activities at standard UK corporation tax rate of 25% (FY 23: 1994)

Effects of:
Fixed asset differences
Income not taxable
Expenses not deductible for taxation
Differences due to overseas tax rates
Adjustments in respect of prior periods ~ current tax
Adjustments in respect of prior periods ~ deferred tax
Deferred tax not recognised
Change in deferred tax rate
Other

Total tax expense forthe year

Fy 24 Fy 23
£000 £000
"22,570 a 25,771
“5643 4,898,

~ (24)

(185) -
1,064 1,282
378 2,202

(198) (442)
74) (100)

182 -

79 28

102 ~
6723 7,810

Expenses not deductible for taxation relate mainly to employment-linked acquisition consideration, associated discount unwinding and
other acquisition-reiated costs, treated as capital for tax purposes,

9. Deferred tax
Movements in deferred tax
AAs at 31 March 2024

Impact of
Acquired foreign
during the: exchange Recognised Recognised
1 April 2023 revaluation —_—_Inincome inequity 31 March 2024
Ro £000 _ 0 £000 £000 __ £1000.
Accelerated capital allowances (128) - - 20 - (108)
Short-term timing differences 2,018 - Q (198) - 1,818
Share options 5,298 - - 868 (1.413) 4753
Arising on business combinations (6,938) 67) = 6,299),
Net deferred tax asset 250 (378) 59 4,706 (1,413) 224
As at 3) March 2023
impact of
Acquired foreign
Guring the exchange Recognised Recognised
1 April 2022 year revaluation —in income inequity 31 March 2023
0, 0D OD OOD OOD _—£ 000
Accelerated capital allowances 19) - - (18) = (128)
Short-term timing differences 690 - 63) 1,381 - 2,018
Share options 3,213 - - 4,215 870 5,298
Arising on business combinations (7.453) = (374) 889 - (6,938)
Net deferred tax (liability)/asset 3,660} - (427) 3,467 870 250

Deferred tax assets recognised within these consolidated financial statements mainly represent the future tax effect of share-based
payment charges in respect of awards that have yet to be exercised or released. Deductions in excess of the cumulative share-based
payment charge recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income are recognised in equity. Other deferred tax
assets recognised relate to timing differences on deductions for tax purposes and as such thera is no restriction on recoverability.

Deferred tax liabilities primarily represent temporary differences between the accounting and tax treatments of acquired intangible
assets. As the intangible assets are amortised, the deferred tax liabilities decrease, with changes being recagnised in the consolidated
statement of comprehensive income. Any deferred tax liabilities recognised in respect of foreign currency intangible assets are
re-translated at each balance sheet date. consistent with the treatment of the associated intangible assets,

alphatme.com

z
5
Fe
3
2
a
g
3
3
3
3
z
a



===== page 131 =====
128 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

NM

oto the cons:

9. Deferred tax continued

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset where there is a legally enforceable right to do so and when the deferred taxes relate to the
same fiscal authority. The below table sets out the deferred tax asset and the net deferred tax liability, as presented in the consolidated
statement of financial position:

FY 24 FY 23
£000

Deferred tax liabilities
Deferred tax assets
Net deferred tax asset

(2,783)

10. Dividends
Amounts recognised as distributions to equity holders:

FY 24 FY 23
oe _ oe £000 £000
Final dividend for the year ended 31 March 2023 of 10.50p (FY 22: 7.50p) per share “42,010 | 8.547
Interim dividend for the year ended 31 March 2024 of 3.70p (FY 23: 3.70p) per share 4,236 4,287
Total dividends paid inthe year _ 16,246 12,774

In view of the recommended cash offer to acquire Alpha by Bidco, a newly incorporated indirect subsidiary of certain funds managed
by Bridgepoint, the Board is not recommending a final dividend. If the acquisition does not complete, it is expected that the Board
would deciare a final dividend in respect of FY 24 at a later date.

11. Earnings per share and adjusted earnings per share

The Group presents basic and diluted eamings per share ("EPS"), on both a statutory and adjusted basis. Basic EPS is calculated by
dividing the profit or loss for the year attributable to ordinary shareholders by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding
during the year. In the calculation of diluted EPS the Group applies the treasury share methad to include the impact of potentially dilutive
shares arising from the Group's share option plans. For further detail on the Group's accounting policy see note 1.

In order to reconcile to the adjusted profit after tax, the same adjustments as set out in note 4 have been made to the Group’s profit for
the financial year. The profits and weighted average number of shares used in the calculations are set oul below:

Note FY 24 FY 23
Basic and diluted EPS ~~ a eee
Profit for the financial year (£'000} 35,847 17961
Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (000) 414,398 113,831
Number of dilutive shares (000) 7,658 7.883
Weighted average number of ordinary shares, including dilutive shares (000) ~ “422,056 121,414
Basic EPS (p) 13.86 15.82
Diluted EPS (p) 12.98 14.79
Adjusted EPS and adjusted diluted EPS
Adjusted profit after tax (£7000) 4 28,487 33,229
Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue ('000} 114,398 113,531
Number of dilutive shares ('000) 7.658 7,883
Weighted average number of ordinary shares, including dilutive shares (000) — ~" "429,056 121,414
Adjusted EPS (p) 24.90 29.27
Adjusted diluted EPS (p) 23.34 27.37

alphafme.com


===== page 132 =====
Annuai Report & Accounts 2024 129

12. Goodwill and intangible fixed assets

Goodwill

FY 24 FY 23
Movements in the yaar a _Note_ sooo £000.
Costatbeginningoftheyear SS oT ~ 103.676 100,991
Additions 13 27m -
(Losses)/gains from foreign exchange (1.208) 2.685
Gostatendoftheyear OT 108,179 108,678

Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the Group's share of the net identifiable assets of
the acquired subsidiary at the date of acquisition. In lin with IAS 21 para 47, goodwill arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation
is held in local currency and is retransiated into the Group's presentational currency at each reporting date using the closing foreign
exchange rate.

Additions in the year of £2.7m to goodwill relate ta the Group's acquisition of Shoreline Consulting Ply Lid. Shoreline Consolidated Pty
Ltd and their subsidiaries ("Shoreline"), boutique coneuitancy that provides services to the asset and wealth management sector in
APAC. This goodwill represents assets that do not qualify for separate recognition and includes the assembled workforce and the
expected synergy benefits of combining the talents of the Shoreline team into the Group

In orior years, goodwill was recognised upon the acquisitions of Aipha FMC Group Holdings Ltd in February 2016, TrackTwo GmbH in
July 2017, Axxsys Ltd in June 2019, Obsidian Solutions Ltd in November 2019 and Lionpoint Holdings, Ino. in May 2021,

in line with [AS 36 para 96, the carrying value of gooduil is not subject fo systematic amortisation but is reviewed at least annually for
impairment. The review assesses each group of CGUs to which goodwill has been allocated for impairment by comparing the carrying

value of the units, including the goodwil, with the recoverable amount of the units, The carrying values of goodwill have been assessed

by reterence to value in use. These have been estimated using cash flows from forecasts prepared by management around the balance
sheet date.

g
2B
3
3
3
2
é

The CGUs have been grouped in line with the Group’s operating segments as this is the level at which goodwill is monitored by
management. Therefore, the groups of CGUs considered for impairment testing are UK, North America and Curope & APAC.

FY 24 FY23
Allocation of goodwill “000 £000
UK 52,082 82,082.
North America 31,961 32,626
Europe & APAG 24,188 18,968
Atendoftheyerr sss—i—‘“~*sS™~™~S™C™C™C™C™CSCSCSC‘(CSSC*#NOAAG «(108,676

Key assumptions - impairment testing

The principal assumptions considered to be individually significant for the purposes of calculating the value in use for each CGU include
the assumed underlying trading used to estimate the future CGU cash flows, taking into account future CGU growth rates and margins,
and the pre-tax discount rate used ta convert these estimated cash flows to present value.

In all cases, the budget for the following financial year forms the basis for the cash-flow projections for a CGU, These near-term FY 25
budget assumptions were sensitised to account far the inherent uncertainty associated with forward-looking cash-flow projections.

The cash-flow projections for the four years subsequent to the budget year reflect the Directors’ expectations of the medium-term
‘operating performance of the CGU and the growth prospects in the CGU's market, reflecting a range of factors relevant to the specific.
circumstances of each CGU. Underlying revenue growth assumptions for the period FY 28 to FY 29 range from an average annual
growth of 5.5% to 11.6% over the medium tem and are assessed on a period-by-period basis reflecting market conditions. They include
the relative size of each CGU and the maturity level of operations in the territory in the determination of the future estimated cash flows
for value in use.

Thereafter, a perpetuity long-term growth rate is applied ranging bstween 1.0% and 1.9% depending on the CGU, based on longer-term
economic outlooks of these economies and the Directors’ jonger-term assessment of the prospects of those businesses.

To discount these cash flows to present vaiue, CGU specific pre-tax discount rates have been applied 10 reflect the market assessment
of the time value of money and the specific risk protie of gach CGU, including consideration of the relative size of each CGU, the maturity
level of operations in the territory and local market risk metrics. The Group bases its estimate tor the pre-tax discount rate on its weighted
average cost of capital, The weighted average pre-tax discount rate for the Group was determined to be 14.6% (FY 23: 14.7%). CGU
specific discount rates have been applied to reflect CGU specific risks.

The Group has considered associated costs of climate change and decarbonisation when forecasting future cash flows.

alphafme.com


===== page 133 =====
sterrants oo

12. Goodwill and intangible fixed assets continued
The table below summarises the assumptions used for each CGU:

Pre-tax discount rate __Medium-term growth rate Long-term growth rate

FY23

_ . ee _fy24 FY 23 FY24 FY23 FY 24
uK 14.7% 14.8% 5.0% 5.5% 1.0% 0.8%
North America 15.5% 15.3% 11.6% 11.5% 1.9% 1.6%
Europe & APAC 13.1% 12.8% 71% 71% 1.3% 1.4%
Sensitivity

The Group has considered a range of factors in relation to the value in use estimate for each CGU.

In the assessing goodwill impairment review, discount rates applied would have to increase to between 30.9% and 47.5% dependent on
the CGU to result in value in use headroom falling to nil for any CGU. The Directors consider that no reasonably possible change to the
long-term growth rates could result in impairment of goodwill for any CGU given the assumptions, summarised in the table above.

Management does not expect a material change to the discount rate in any of its CGUs as presented ‘or the year ended 31 March 2024.
As such, in order to address inherent uncertainty surrounding forward-looking cash-flow assumptions, the Group has applied sensitivity
analysis to identify the point to which growth would have to fail in order to reduce headroom to nil. As such, the assumed medium-term
annual growth rate for the period from FY 26 to FY 29 would need to be an annual decrease of (20.0%) and (30.9%), depending on the
CGY, for the value in use headroom to fall to nil,

Variations in inflation levels are not significant in the impairment sensitivity analysis, given the level of headroom available to each CGU.

The Directors have considered whether a reasonably possible change in the assumptions would erode the headroom or give rise toa
material adjustment to any carrying value in the next 12 months. The Directors do not consider that 2 reasonably possible change in
assumptions could result in & reduction in headroom to nil for any CGU.

Intangible fixed assets

As at 31 Mar)

Capitalised
Order Customer Intellectual Trade development
backlog relationships property name costs Total
ae £000 £000 £'000 _f00 000 e000
Cost ~ oO a :
At the start of the year 2.580 36,205 3,388 9120 1,819 93,112
Additions - 4,729 - - on 2.040
Exchange difference 4) (225) - 60) - 299)
Attheend ofthe year-tota 2556 37,709 9070 ©2130 54,853
Amortisation ee oe ~
At the start of the year 2,580) 15,148) (2,602) 3,378) (1,819) (25,524)
Charge for the year - (3.269) ea) (775) - (4,325)
Exchange difference 7 - 8 - 69
Atthe end of the year—total 48.377), (2,883) (4.145) —~~—«1,819)—~=—«(29,780)
Net book vatue_ - 19,932 505 4,925 311 —«25,073

alphafme.com


===== page 134 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 431

Asal I March 2023

Capitatised
Order Customer Intellectual ‘Trade — development.
backlog relationships property name ‘costs Total
2000 eb a a
Cost as
Atthe start of the year 36,052 3,988 8.982 1819 52,033
Additions - - - - 319
Exchange difference 553 - 138 - 760
Atthe end of the year-total 36,205 3,388 120181
Amortisation ~ EE
At the start of the year 2.072) (12,083) easy aa) (1.639) (20,700)
Charge for the year 68} 3.044) (461) (603) (186) (4.762)
Exchange difference (40) (t8} - @ = 62)
Attheendoftheyeartotal =—sC—t=~=<i~*‘;*«ABBO)!:*C*~*«SSNAS)!:C*«w«OZ)S*«<«é«sCSB|)~SSCBTQ)S«25 SQ)
Netbookvaues—<“—~s*s*s~—s—‘“‘—s—i—‘ OSC (GSC (GTA BB

Customer relationships

Customer relationships at the start of the year represent the fotal of the fair value at the acquisition dates of the customer relationships
that were owned by, but not previously recognised as assets of, Alpha FMC Group Holdings Ltd in FY 16, TrackTwo GmbH in FY 18,
‘Obsidian Solutions Ltd and Axxsys Ltd in FY 20 and Lionpoint Holdings, ine. in FY 22

Additions in the year of £1.7m to customer relationships relate to the acquisition oy the Group of Shoreline Consulting Pty Ltd,
Shoreline Consolidated Pty Ltd and their subsidiaries.

The fair value has been determined by applying the multi-period excess earnings method to the cash flows expected te bs eared from
customer relationships. The key management assumptions are around forecast revenues, operating margins and discount factors. The
value is given by the present value of the earnings the customer relationships generate, net of a reasonable return on other assets also
contributing to that stream of earnings (contributory asset charges).

A.usetul econamic lite of 4-12 years has been deemed appropriate based on the average reaiisaiton rate of cumulative cash flows anc
benchmarked data for each respective acauisition. Projected cash flows nave been discounted over this period. The amortisation
charge is recognised in administration expenses within the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

Intellectual property

Intellectual property at the start of the yeer represents the fair value at the 3 February 2016 acquisition date of the intellectual property
which was owned by, but not previously recognised as assets of, Aloha FMC Group Holdings Lta, intellectual property acquired as part
of the TrackTwo GmbH acquisition in FY 18, and those acquired on the acquisition of Axxsys Ltd and Obsidian Solutions Ltd in FY 20.

‘The fair value has been determined by applying the relief from royalty method to the cash flows earned from the intellectual property.
The key management assumptions are around growth forecasts, discount factors and royaity percentage utilised. A useful econcmic lite
of seven years has been deemed appropriate based on previous acquisitions and benchmarking data. Projected cash flows have been
discounted over this period. The amortisation cnarge is recognised in aciministtation exoenses within the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income

Trade name
Trade name intangible assets at the start of the year represent the fair value at the 3 February 2016 acquisition date of the trade name,

which was owned by, but not previously recognised as an asset of, Alpha FMC Group Holdings Ltd, and those acquired on the
acquisition of Axxays Ltd and Obsidian Solutions Ltd in FY 20 and Lionpoint Holdings, Inc. in FY 22

The fair value has been determined by applying the relief from royalty method to the cash flows earned from the trade name. The key
management assumptions are around growth forecasts, discount factors and royalty percentage utilised. A useful economic lite of 4-15
years has been deemed appropriate based on previous acquisitions and benchmarking data. Projected cash flows have been discounted
‘over this period, The amortisation charge is recognised in administration expenses within the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

alphatme,.com

2
3
a
FA
2
&
2
ES
s
2
:



===== page 135 =====
432. Annual Report & Accounts 2024

12. Goodwill and intangible fixed assets continued

Capitalised development costs

Capitalised development costs represent the costs incurred in the development of Aivia’s client data and analytics software platform.
Adcitions of £0.3m in the year relate to capitalised expenditure by Aivig in March 2024.

The remaining useful fives at 31 March 2024 of each of the respective asset classes acquired on acquisition above are summarised in
the table below.

Capitalised

Customer _Intellactual development

rolationships Property Trade name costs

Acquired entity (years) (years) (years) (years)
Aipha FMC Group Holdings EE 88 es
TrackTwo GmbH 43 03 - -
Axxsys - UK 6.2 - 1.0 -
Axxsys — North America/Nordics 72 - 10 -
Obsidian Solutions - 26 - -
Lionpoint - UK 9.2 - 3.5 -
Lionpoint - North America 9.2 - 35 -
Lionpoint - Europe & APAC 8.2 - 3.5 -
Shoreline ~ Europe & APAC 104 - - -
Aiviq - UK - - = 3.0

The Group reviews the remaining useful lives of its intangible assets cn at least an annual basis. During the year, the remaining useful
lives of certain customer relationship and trade narne intangible assets were shortened to best reffect the Group's expected usage of
these assets going forward. These revisions did not have a material effect on the amortisation charge in the year and are not expected
to have a material effect on the annual amortisation charge in future years.

13. Acquisition of businesses

Acquisitions in the year

Shoreline

On 1 May 2028, the Group reached an agreement to acquire 100% of the issued share capital of Shoreline Consulting Pty Ltd and
Shoreline Consolidated Ply Ltd and its subsiciarios (together, “Shoreline’), a boutique consultancy that provides services to the asset
and wealth management sector in APAC, on a cash free, debt free basis. The Direclors consider that the acquisition enables Alpha to
reinforce our position and take advantage of opportunities in the APAC region.

The maximum potential cash consideration aayable by the Group pursuant to the acquisition agreement was AUD 13.0m (6.8m),
allocated between AUD 8.0m (£4.2m) non-cantingent cash consideration and a contingent earn-out structure up to 4 maximum of
AUD 5.0m (£2.6m), payable in several instalments.

Subsequent to the accuisition date, in light of market conditions and performance, an agreement with the founders was reached to.
modify the terms of the earn-out agreement. This agreement has reduced the maximum amount of earn-cut consideration available from
AUB 5.0m (£2.6m) to AUD 3.1m (£1.6rm) with modified earn-out targets, payable in July 2026, 2027 and 2028.

‘The ‘air value of consideration recognised on the date of acquisition, excluding employment linked amounts, amounted to AUD 8.2m
(£4.3m}, of which AUD 4.5m (£2.41 relates to initial cash consideration paid, AUD 0.2m (£0.1m) relates to additional amounts paid

in the year in relation to completion working capital, AUD 2.4m (£1.2m)} relates to deterred consideration, anc AUD 1.1m (£0.8m) relates
to discounted contingent consideration.

Initial consideration was funded from the Group's cash reserves, with any remaining deferred and contingent consideration amounts.
expected to be settied in cash, with the eption to settle a portion of tne deferred amounts in the Group's ordinary shares.

alphafme.com


===== page 136 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 133.

A summary of the purchase consideration, net assets acquired, identifiable intangible assets and goodwill is set out below. These fair
values are determined by using established estimation techniques such as income-based discounted cash flow modeis.

Fairvalue Values on
Book values adjustments. acquisition
Shoreline £7000 "000 ‘000
Acquiree’s net assets atthe acquisition date. - oe 7 .
Customer relationships - 4,729 1,729
Trade and other receivables 768 - 768
Cash and cash equivatents 92 - 92
‘Trade and other payables (636) - (636)
Deterred tax asset/{liability) 54 (432) 78)
Netidentifiable assetsacquired, “378 1,207 1,875
Gash consideration relating tobusiness combination =
Goodwill onacquisition seenote1)sss—s—‘—SsSSSCSCi‘(S 21

Of the totat maximum potential amounts payable, £0.9m was classified as employmentlinked because these payments are conditional
‘on the continuing employment of certain Shoreline employees. These employment-linked acquisition payrnents are expensed through
profit or loss proportionately until the relevant payment date, based on the arnounts expected to be paid, taking into consideration
expected performance against earn-out targets. During the year, the Group has exnensed £0.3m in relation to these employment linked
payments through the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, with £0.im paid in the year,

Deferred and contingent consideration is discounted to fair value, Discount unwinding is recognised as a finance expense proportionately
across the periods until final payment. During the year, £0.1m of discount unwinding was expensed as a non-underlying finance cost in
relation to the Shoreline acquisition consideration

A fair value adjustment of £0,1m was recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income at 31 March 2024 to reflect
the modified earn-out agreement and revised payment timings described above.

As consideration for the acquisition of Shoreline is payable in Australian dollars, foreign exchange gains and losses ere recognised at
each resorting date in relation to translating these liabilities into pound sterling, In the period, the Group recognised a small foreign
exchange gain through other comprehensive income in relation to the re-translation of these liabilties.

As at 31 March 2024, a £2.1m liability is recorded, of which £0.9m is current and £1,2m is non-current.

Shoreline contributed £2.3m to the Group's revenue in the year and had an immaterial impact on the Group's profit after tax for the year from
‘the date of acquisition to 31 March 2024. If the acquisition of Shoreline had heen compieted on 1 April 2023, Group revenues for the
year would have been £235.7m with an immaterial impact on the Group profits after tax, without adjustment to amortisation assumotions.

Acquisition and integration costs af £0.3m related to the Shoreline acquisition are included within administration expenses as detailed
in note 4.

aiphatme.com



===== page 137 =====
134 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Motes to the >

tact Financ)

Pants

pat

13. Acquisition of businesses continued

Acquisitions in previous years

Lionpomt

Asat 31 March 2023, the Group held a liability of £24.9m in relation to future deferred and contingent consideration payable for this acquisition.

Employmentinked acquisition payments are expensed through the income staternent proportionately until FY 26, During the year, the
Group has expensed £0.8m in relation to these employment-iinked payments.

The deferred and contingent consideration is discounted to fair value, Discount unwinding is recognised as a finance cost proportionately
across the periods until final payment. During the year, £1.5m of discount unwinding was expensed as a non-underiying finance cost in
relation to the Lionpeint acquisition consideration.

During the year, the Group made deferred and contingent Lionpoint acquisition payments totalling £16.8m. Of these payments, £1.7m
relates to ermploymenttinked consideration, and is presented within cash from operating activities, with the remaining £14.6m presented
within cash used in investing activities in the consclidated statement of cash flows.

As consideration for the acquisition of Lionpoint is payable in US dollars, foreign exchange differences are recognised at each reporting
date in relation to transtating these tiabilities into pound sterling, In the year, the Group recognised a foreign exchange profit of £0.5m in
relation to the re-translation of these liabilities.

As at 31 March 2024, a £10.4m liability is recorded, of which £10.1m is current and £0.8m is non-current.

The below table summarises the movements in the deferred and contingent consideration liabilities ta 31 March 2024:

Shoreline Lionpoint Total
£'000 £'000 £'000
Balance as at 1 April 2023 Be : : — 24,949 24,949
Additions 1,824 - 4,824
Employmentiinked consideration 318 817 4.138
Payments in the year? 67) (16,328) (16,385)
Unwinding of discounting Var 1,494 4,621
Fair value adjustment (72) - (72)
Foreign exchange gains (36) (622) (558)
Balanceasat31March 2024 _ at 10,410 12,614
Represented by:
Current 883 10,070 10,953,
Non-current 1,221 340 1,561
Balance as at3iMarch2024. oo ee 12,514

As at 31 March 2024, the Group held a totat liability of £12.5m in relation to future deferred and contingent consideration payable for
acquisitions. Of this liability at the balance sheet date, £2.4m relates to deferred consideration and the rernaining £+0.1m relates to
contingent consideration. Within these deferred and contingent consideration liabilities, £1.9m relates to employmentlinked amounts.

The fair value of acquisition earn-outs is no longer considered to be an area of significant estimation uncertainty given proximity to and
more certainty around the Lionpoint final earn-out payment. The fair value of the earn-out liability held in retation of Shoreline is also not
considered to have a material tevel of estimation uncertainty to the value of the liability held at 31 March 2024,

45 Delered and coningent arqussitian payments of £18.41 includes £.8m af ernployment-inkad considaraticn, whic is “eporled in net cash gererated irom operating actities in the
‘consolidated statement of eash flows Acicitionally, acqusitian paymants reported within cash llows fram mvesting actlulies In the consolcated statement of cash flows cludes £2.4in
paid ugen completion of the acquisition of Shoraline, net of cash acquired, wihichii3 not melded ir the table ariove.

alphafme.com


===== page 138 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 135

14. Property, plant and equipment

Leasehold Fixtures Computer
improvements and fittings equipment Total
_ £000 £000 £000 ___. £000
Cot — a ~ 7 — _
As at 1 April 2022 241 232 2,311 2,784
Additions - a7 773 860
Disposals 6) (a2) (281) 329)
Exchange difference 3 6 38 a
Asat3iMarch2023. 2 —<“<i~<“‘“‘é‘™S™S*”*”CO”*”*;tSCO”!”!: CT RTF
Additions - re 1 49809
Disposals (237) (139) (998) 1,374)
Exchange difference a) (3) (26) (30)
AsatsiMarch2024 = 162 2318 2,467
Depreciation
As at 1 April 2022 (210) (197) (1874) (1,978)
‘Charge for the year (35) ay (492) (844)
Disposals 6 42 256 304
Exchange difference 1 4 (28) 81)
AsatsiMarch2023. 0 s—s—~—<CSsts—“CSsSs—sSsSCsé« YH] BBB] BMG
Chargefortheyear GB (888)
Disposals 237 139 974 1,350
Exchange aifference 1 2 14 ia
Asat3iMarch2024 0) AB) 1,520)
Netbook valueasat31March2024.s—i“‘*‘“‘*;*™*™*™*™*™SCSCSSC*™*~*~‘“‘CO‘*COOC*«CSSSCT
Net book value as at 31 March 2023 - 107 4,006 4013
15. Trade and other receivables
FY 24 FY 23
000 £7000

Amounts due within one year:
Trade receivables

Less: allowance for expected credit losses

‘Trade receivables ~ net 0 ee ~ 26,124
Other receivables 1194
Capitalised contract fulfilment costs 4.401
Prepayments 1,999

710
94,128

Accrued income

Total amounts due within one year

Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and generally have a 30- to 60-day term. Due to their short maturities, the carrying amount
of trade and other recaivables is a reasonable approximation of their fair value. Trade receivables have increased in the year through the
ongoing growth of the business with higher debtor days at 53 days (FY 23: 43 days) against strong collections in the prior year.

An expected credit jogs attrioutable to trade receivables is established after consideration of historical loss rates in preceding periods
and relevant forward-looking factors. The Group has determined historical loss rates for each ageing category of trade receivables by
performing an in-depth analysis of historical losses in conjunction with other factors in key Alpha temitories.

‘The Group has considered a number of factors in determining appropriate expected credit loss rates, including macro-economic factors
and asset-specific indicators such as customer correspandence, default or delinquency 1 payment and significant financial cifficulties
of the customer,

aiphatme.com

2
g
é
H
3
=



===== page 139 =====
136 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

solid. ed

15. Trade and other receivables continued

Expected Gross carrying Loss Net carrying

loss rate amount allowanco amount

Asal 31 March 2024 - we -% FOO £000 _ £000
Not overdue 1.30% 20,917 (271) 20,646
Overdue 1-30 days 2.23% 10,600 (236) 10,364
Overdue 31-60 days 3.32% 1,444 (48) 1,396
Overdue 61-90 days 7.30% 573 (42) 53t
Overdue 90+ days 656 (68) 568
As at 31 March 2024 34,190 (685) 93,505
Expected Gross carrying Loss Net carrying

loss rate amount allowance amount

As at 31 March 2029 _ _ oe % 000 £000 £'000
Not overdue 1.98% 19,295 (382) 18,913
Overdue 1-30 days 3.15% 6,852 (209) 6,443
Overdue 31-60 days 5.01% 602 (30) 572
Overdue 61-90 days 10.82% 69 (7) 62

Overdue 90+ days 17.60% 163 (29) 134

As at 31 March 2023 : : : : "26,781 (657) 26,124

Capitalised contract fulfilment costs comprise amounts incurred in relation to unsatisfied performance obligations on fixed-fee milestone
projects, and non-distinct software implementation costs incurred in advance of the commencement cf the client's licence period on.
A\vig contracts. As at 31 March 2024, total capitalised contract fulfilment costs were £0.8m (FY 23: £1.2m), of which £0.1m (FY 23: £0.1m)
was presented within non-current assets on the face of the consolidated statement of financial position. These costs are recognised in
the consolidated statement of comprehensive income at the point of revenue recognition for fixed-fee milestone projects or are amortised
to the consolidated income statement over the licence period for non-distinct software implementation costs. An expense of £1.1m

(FY 23: £1.5m) has been recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income in relation to capitalised contract fulfilment
costs, No significant judgements have been made in determining the amount of costs to be capitalised, which primarily comprise costs
within scope of IAS 19 Employee Benefits,

Contract receivables are recognised in accrued income and relate to satisfied performance obligations recognised and not invoiced at
the year end, All such contract receivables are expected to be realised within one year and are classified within current assets. Contract
receivables are recorded on a tine spent basis and as performance obligations are met on agreed fees and day rates, billed in arrears
These are typically short-term timing differences that are administrative in nature at each reporting date, Contract receivable payments
are due on standard terms once the invoices are raised. The contract receivables movernent in the year represents these timing
differences across respective contract deliverables at each year end

The expected credit loss calculated on accrued income was not material at the current or prior year ends, For analysis of tne exposure
to credit risk at 31 March 2024, refer to note 23.

16. Cash and cash equivalents

FY 24 FY 23
a ae _— _ e000 £000
Cash at bank 29,382 59,215
Cash and cash equivalents 29,392 59,215

All cash and cash equivalents held by the Group are avallable for use by the Group with no restrictions.

alphatme.com


===== page 140 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 137

17, Trade and other payables

FY 24 Fv 29

_ Note e000 e000

Tradepayables 4,400 5.156
Accruals 18,929 29,880
Deferred income 1,756 796
Social security tax on share options 22 2,075 1,669
Taxation and sociat security 5,731 4,734
Other payables 2,529 2,277
Earn-out and deferred consideration 3 10,953 16,027

‘Total amounts owed within one year 46,373 60,539

Trade payables comprise amounts outstanding for trade purchases and angcing casts. The Directors consider that the carrying amount
of trade and other payables is a reasonable approximation of their fair value. The Group’s trade payables payment policy is to provide
payment within the agreed terms, which is generally 30 days from the date of receipt of invoice,

‘The decrease in accruals reflects the payment in the year of both the FY 23 profit share and the second tranche of deferrad FY 22
payments, as well ag a lower performance-adjusted bonus accrual amounts for FY 24.

The earn-out and deferred consideration liability comprises the amounts due within one year relating to the Lionpoint ang Shoreline
acauisitions, Refer io note 13 for further detail.

Deferred income recognises contract liabilities arising trom the Group's revenue-generating activities relating to payments received
in advance of performance delivered under a contract. These contract liabilities typically arise on short-term timing differences
between performance obligations in some mitestone or tixed-fee contracts and their respective contracted payment schedules.

The contract kability movement in the year represents these timing differences across cantracts at each year end. The following table
sets out the revenue recognised in the currant year that relates to carry-forward contract liabilities, and the current and non-current
liabilties recognised in the current year that have been deferred lo future reporting pericds. All current deterred income is expected
10 be recognised through revenue within one year. Movements in the year predominantly relate to the underlying operations of

the business, and no material contract liabilities were recognised in relation to changes in estimates or contract moditications,

There were no contract modifications in the year that resu'ted in the recagnitian of revenue from performance cbligations satisfied

in previous periods.

FY 24 FY 23

Note £'000 £000

Contract liabilities atthe startofthe year SIO 2.098
Foreign exchange movements (23) 104
Contract liabilities recognised in revenue during the year (773) (1,969)
Increase in contract liabilities during ths year 1,699 776

Balance at the end of the year 47.19 4912 —+1,008

Unperformed balances shown in the table below, represent the revenue that the Group will eam from customers when the Group
satisfies the remaining performance obligations in ceriain contracts. These mainly relate to Aivig’s multi-year software licence contracts
that range between one and five years, in which software access revenue is recognised over the access period.

The following table sets out the aggregate amount of the contracted transaction price allocated to performance obligations that are
unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied at the yearend date. Unperformed balances relating to contracts with an exnected original fife of ies
than one year are not disclosed. Similarly, the Group has adopted the practical expedient not to disclose amounts under longer-term
contracts in which the revenue is fo be invoiced on agreed day rates. Revenue from unperlormed performance obugations is expected
to be recognised in the following timeframes:

FY 24 FY 23
oo a an _ Lk eo ek 000 £000
To be undertaken and recognised within one year 2,689 1,373
To be undertaken and recognised between one and three years 3.337 2.257
To be undertaken and recognised after three years 2,310 1,614

Total unperformed performance obligations 8,236 "5,244

alphatme.com

z
z
3
Ey
om
&
2
g
3
Fy
3
é



===== page 141 =====
438 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

7 the consaidated siarc.y scatergerce

18. Provisions
Social security
and sales Legal and
tax provisions other provisions
10

2.8) 76

Balance as at 1 April 2023

Utilised - - -
Released (378) (108) (486)
Additional provisions 504 - 504
Foreign exchange movements 35) « 8)
Balance as at 31 March 2024 _ _ 2967341 3,808

Within social security tax and sales tax provisions is a 1.4m (FY 23: £1.4m) provision relating to historical pre-AIM admission potential
tax treatments and an additional £1.1m (FY 23: £1.5m} relating to further potential social security tax exposures. An amount of £0.5m
has been provided for in the year relating to US sales taxes, following an internal review. The amount and timing of these social security
and sales tax provisions are subject to uncertainty. A final position agreed with a tax authority or through the expiry of a tax audil period
could differ from the estimated provision.

Legal and other provisions comprise £0.1m (FY 23: £0.3m) of dilapidation provisions in respect of the Group's leased offices and £0.2m
(FY 23: £0.2m) relating to ongoing legal claims. The legal and other provisions at 31 March 2024 represents the most probabie outcome
of these claims at the balance sheet date.

Given the uncertainty, a range ef outcomes is possible in relation to these provisions. The Directors consider the cash outflows in
relation to recognised provisions could reasonably range between £1.4m and £6.6m,

19. Other non-current liabilities

FY 23

Note £000

Earn-out and deferred consideration rr "8.922
Deferred income 196 213
Social security tax on share options 22 1,432 4,640
Other non-current liabilities - 625

Total amounts owed after one year _ 3149 11,400

Ear-out and deferred consideration relates to future deferred and contingent earn-out payments to be made for the acquisition of
Lionpoint and Shoreline. Given the passage of time, the third Lionpoint deferred ang contingent consideration payments now fall due
within 12 months from the balance sheet date. Refer to note 13 for further detail.

Deferred income recognises contract liabilities arising from the Group’s revenue-generating activities relating to payments received in
advance of performance delivered under a contract. Deferrad income recognised as non-current entirely relates to contracts held within
the Aiviq business, where revenue is sometimes recognised over a contractual licence period of greater than one year. For further
details refer to note 17.

Other non-current liabilities fell to nil in the year as the remaining deferred element of FY 23 bonuses for certain directors and senior
management globally now fal's due within 12 months from the reporting date.

alphafme.com


===== page 142 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 = 139

20. Note to the cash flow statement
_Nomcash changes,

Lease
accounting
1 April additions & Other Foreign 31 March
2023 Cash flow modifications changes. exchange 2024
ee — foo O00 Ope 0D __ £000
Cash and cash equivalents 59,215 (28,71) = - (9,052) 29,392
Bank borrowings - - - - - ~
Net cash 59,215 (28,771) - - (1,052) 29,392
Less: cash and cash equivalents (69.215) 26,771 = - 1,052 (29,392)
Leases (4.161) 2,297 (464) (305) 73 (2,560)
Interest and bank toan fees: 1,254 = (254) oo _—
Liabilities arising from financing 3,589 (464) (1,559) 73 (2.560)
_ Non-cash changes _ _
Lease
accounting
additions & ‘Other Foreign 31 March
Cash flow modifications changes exchange 2023
a — F000 e000 O00 OOD 0000
Cash and cash equivalents 6351 (7,323) - - 3,022 59,215
Bank borrowings - - - - - -
Net cash esse 7,828) - 3,022 59,215
Less: cash and cash equivatents (63,516) 7,323 - - (9,022) 69.215)
Leases (2,409) 1,531 2,854) 16) 213) 4.161)
Interest and bank loan fees _ = 482 =. (4823) _
Liabilities arising from financing (2,409) 2,013 854) (698) (213) 4,161)
21. Called up share capital
FY 24 FY 23
— tbr
Allotted, called up and fully paid
Ordinary 0.075p shares (1 vote per share) 122,009,736 _ 120,509,736
FY 24 Fv 28
a EE
Allotted, called up and fully paid
Ordinary 0.075p shares (1 vote per share) 91,507 90,382

Movements in share capital during the year ended 31 March 2024:

Balance as at 1 April 2023
120,509,736 ordinary shares of 0.073p each
Issued shares

Balance as at 31 March 2024
122,009,736 ordinary shares of 0.075p each

f) During the year, a total of 1.500,000 ordinary shares were issued by the Group. all of which were issued to the employes benefit
trust ("EBT") for future satisfaction of share option awards.

alphatme.com

@
Es
z
FI
Fy
3
=



===== page 143 =====
140 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Motes Lo the sousotida

21. Called up share capitat continued

Alpha employee benefit trust

‘The Group held 7.537,366 (FY 23: 6,274,380) shares in the EBT, comprising shares held to satisfy share options granted under its joint
share ownership plan {‘JSOP")} or unallocated ordinary shares to satisfy share options granted Under the Group's other share option
plans. The EBT has waived all dividend and voting rights in respect of these shares. Therefore, the number of shares with exercisable
voting rights at 31 March 2024 was 114,472,370 (FY 23: 114,235,356}.

During the year, 1,500,000 ordinary shares were transferred by the Company ta the EBT for potential future satisfaction of share
incentive plans through the issuance cf new shares at nominal value. Further, the ERT purchased a total of 1,035,154 shares from
the market in the year for a total of £3.8m, which was funded by the Group and is accounted for as a deduction from other reserves.

in the year, 1,272,168 shares held in the EBT were utilised for employee share aption exercises.

Treasury shares
The Group held nil (FY 23: nil) shares in treasury.

22. Share-based payments
The Group has adopted a globally consistent share incentive plan approach, which is implemented using efficient jurisdiction specific
plans, as appropriate.

The management incentive plan
The Group has a management incentive plan ("MIP") to ratain and incentivise directors and senior management. The MIP consists of
four parts: part A of which will enable the granting of enterorise management incentive and non-tax advantaged options to acquire
shares; part B of which will enable the awarding of JSOPs; part C of which will enabis the awarding of restricted stock units ("RSUs")
for participants in the US; and part D of which will enable the awarding of RSUs in France (together the “options’)

In prior years, the majority of options granted to certain directors and senicr management of the Group were subject to the fulfilment
of three or more of the following performance conditions: (a) the Group actieving adjusted EPS growth of 18.0% or more to trigger a
maximum award, or 10.0% to trigger a 66% award, with a linear application of awards between these levels: (b} the Group achieving
a total shareholder return ("TSR") over three years in excess of the mean TSR delivered by a peer group of comparable companies;
(© personal adherence to corporate values and risk policy; and (d} specific business unit EBITDA, or other personal targets and goals

As disclosed last year, the Remuneration Committee approved performance conditions for FY 23 awards, which further modified the
adjusted EPS growth range set out above to reflect the growth of the Group since AIM admission. The criteria for these share incentive
awards to certain directors and senior management of the Group, depenging an the individual and their role, include: (a) the Group
achieving acjusted EPS growth of 11.25% or more to trigger a maximum award, or 7.5% te trigger a 66% award, with a linear application
of awards betwean these tevels; (0) personat adherence to corporate values and risk policy; and (c} specific business unit EBITDA,

of other personal targets and goals. These criteria were also applied to FY 24 awards granted in the year.

Awards to senior management also contain a market condition requiring the Group to achieve a TSR over three years in excess of the
mean TSR delivered by a peer group of comparable companies.

MIP awards have sither nominal or minimal exercise price payable in order to acquire shares pursuant to options. MIP awards have
either three- or four-year vesting periods from the date of grant and are usually equity settled.

The employee incentive plan

In addition to the MIP, the Board has previously put in place a medium-term employee incentive pian ("FIP"). Under the EIP, a broad
base of the Group’s employees has been granted share options or shere awerts over a small number of shares. The EIP is structured
as is most appropriate uncer the local tax, legal and regulatory rules in the key jurisdictions and therefore varies between those
jurisdictions. No EIP awards were made in the current or prior years.

Movements in the year

During the year ended 31 March 2024, a tolal of 2,805,590 share option and award grants were made to employees and senior management
{FY 23: 3,183,014). The weighted average of the estimated fair values of these options awarded in the year is £3.23 per share (FY 23: £3.14).

During the year 3,231,673 MIP and EIP awards vested following the satisfaction of performance conditions. The performance conditions
relating to EPS growth and total shareholder return exceeding 2 basket of comparabie companies over three years to the vesting date
were met in full and the relevant local regional or individual budgetary performance conditions were met in full or part, in their respective
year of grant. Of these vested awards, 1,148,787 have been exercised, with a further 229,798 awards that vested in previous periods
also exercised in the year. Of these total 1,378,585 options exercised, the Group settled 1,272,168 through shares transferred from the
Group's EBT, with a further 106,417 options retained for net tax settlement. The weighted average share price at the date of these
exercises was £3.80.

alphafme.com


===== page 144 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 144

During the year, 195,201 share options were forieited or as a result of !savers before vesting.

Of the 2,129,394 share options exercisable at the year end, 2,082,886 share options vested in the year. The remaining vested award
holders have a further six to seven-year period, from the date of vesting, in which to exercise their vested awards.

Details of the share option awarcis made are as follows:

Fy 24

Number
Outstanding atthe begimingoftheyear 885,040
Granted during the year 2,805,590
Exercised during the year (1,378,585)
Forfeited during the year (198,201)
Expired during the year -
Outstanding atthe yearend s—“—~™S™S™SCSCSCSCSC“‘“‘(‘;SCCN”#C#(C(#C#C#AY 2 BOM,
Exercisable at the year end 2,129,394

The weighted average exercise price lor all options outstanding in both the current and priar years was nominal. The options
outstanding as at 31 March 2024 had a weighted average remaining contractuat life of 1.2 years (FY 28: 1.7 years).

During the year ended 31 March 2024, options were granted in July 2023 and January 2024 to certain employees and senior management,

MIP share options with an external market condition were valued at award using the Monte Caria option pricing model. The mode!
simulates a variety of possible results, across 10,000 iterations for each of the options, by substituting a range of values for any factor
that has inherent uncertainty over a nurnber of scenarios using a different set of random values from the probability functions, The model
takes any market-based performance conditions into account and adjusts the fair value of the options based on the ikelihgod of meeting
the stated vesting conditions.

MIP share options without external market conditions and EIP share options were valued at award using a Black-Scholes model.

The inputs to these models in the period were as follows:

FY 24
Weighted average share price at grantdate 83.98
Exercise price Nominal
Volatility 26.42%
Weighted average share option life 4 years
Risk free rate 4.93%
Expected dividend yield 3.00%

Volatility is calculated based on the relative rate at which Alpha’s share price moves up and down. {t 1s denved from cafculating the
annualised standard deviation of the daily changes in share price. The expected expense calculated in the model has been adjusted,
based on management's best estimate, for the effects of non-markel-based performance conditions and employee attrition,

The Group recognised a total expense of £7.3m (FY 23: £8.0m) in the current year, comprising £6.7m (FY 23: £7.0m) in relation to
equity-settled share-based payments, and £0.6m (FY 23: £1.0m) relating te relevant social security taxes.

Given the more challenging market environment and the Group's pertormance in FY 24, in April 2024, the Remuneration Committee
considered the vesting of FY 24 awards to Executive Directors and senior management of the Group. It was determined that the overall
vesting levels of the FY 24 share options awards would be signficantly lower than FY 23. This has been reflected in the calculation of the
share-based payment charge in the year as weil as the associated social security costs, Refer to the Remuneration Committee report on
p. 85 for further details.

‘The combined carrying value of current and non-current liabilities relating to social security tax on share options as at 31 March 2024

is £3.5m (FY 28: £3.3m} of which £2.1m was current and 1.4m was non-current, A £0,6m charge was recognised in the consolidated
statement of comprehensive income in the year, offset by £0.4m of payments. Assumptions associated with the calculation of the sccial
securty tax liability Cue on vesting of share options include an estimation of the forward-looking share price at the vesting date based
‘on analyst research and applicable future tax rates. For these purposes. the shave price is updated at each reporting period to reflect
historical trends, and is assumed to grow in line with the estimated future performance of the business,

If the estimated future share price assumption were to increase by 30%, the social security costs in the period would increase by £0.4m
Were the share price assumption ta reduice by 30% the charge would reduce by £0.4m.

Ifthe estimated number of share options expected to forfeit annually were to decrease by 3% for all outstanding share options. the
share-based payment charge in the year would increase by £0.7m. If estimated annual for‘eits were to increase by 3%, the charge
in the year would reduce by £0.7m.

aiphatme.com

2
3
3
5
a
EN
e
g
Fy
F
3
z
Es



===== page 145 =====
142 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

N

The cansaurated Gmanst

23. Financial instruments
Carrying amount of financial instruments.
The carrying amaunts of the financial assets and liabilities include:

FY 24 FY 23
£000
Financial assets measured at amortised cost : OO a
Cash and cash equivalents 29,392 59,215
Trade and other receivables 38,954 31,028
Total financial assets measured atamortisedcost 68,346 90,243
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
Trade and other payables i) (25,858) (37,313)
Lease liabilities (2,560) (4.161)
Other non-current liabilities - (625)
Tota ies measured at amortised cost : ~~ (28,418) (42,099)
Financial iabilities measured at fair value
Earn-out and deterred consideration (12,514) (24,949)
Derivative

i) Trade and other receivables (note 15} as presented in the tabie above exclude capitalised contract fulfilment costs and prepayments:
as these are non-financial assets.

il) Trade and other payables (note 17} and other non-current liabilities (rote 19} in the table above exclude deferred income, social
security tax cn share options, and taxation and other social security as these are non-financial liabilities. Earn-out and deferred
consideration tlabllities are presented as a separate line item in the tabie above.

The book value of the financial instruments is deemed to be approximate to fair value. There has been no impairment loss recognised in
the current oF prior years in respect of financial assets.

The Group's financial instruments comprise cash and cash equivalents, items such as trade payables and trade receivables thal arise
directly from its operations, and bank borrowings. These financial instruments arise in the orcinary course of business and their main
ourpose is to provide finance for the Group's operations.

The Group's operations expose It to a variety of financial risks including market risk, credit risk, liquidity risk, interest rate risk and foreign
currency exchange rate risk. The Board has overall responsibility for Internal control and risk management by the Group. In this structure,
the Audit and Risk Committee manages the processes of reviewing the quality of internal contrais that are related to the financial
performance of the Group, as delegated by the Board. The poticies set by the Board of Directors are implamanted by the Company's
finance team.

Market risk

Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, including foreign exchange and interest rates, will affect the Group's income or
the value of financial instruments held at the year end, The Directors do not consider this to be a significant risk to the Group.

Inflation risk is the risk that the increased rate of inflation in the market will have a material impact on the Group's forecasted cash flows.
The Group has therefore considered current and plausivie inflation leveis when forecasting future cash flows. The Group does not believe
that inflationary pressures represent a material risk to the Group's financial position at the balance shest date.

alphatme.com


===== page 146 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 = 143.

Credit risk

The Group's credit risk is primarily attributable to potential default on its trade racelvables. The Group considers a default to have
occurred when a balance is over 90 days overdue and there is no realistic prospect of payment. The Group has policies that require
appropriate credit checks on potential customers before sales are made.

The Group has provided for a Ifetime expected credit loss against the trade recewvables balance at the balance sheet date. The likelihood
of default is assessed by reference to the ageing category of the receivables, Refer to note 15 for further details. Were the expected
credit loss rates applied to receivables by the Group to increase by 1% for each ageing category, the resulting adcitional credit loss to
the Group would be £0.3m.

Interest rate risk

The Group has interest-bearing assets and liabilities. Interest-bearing assets comprise only cash and cash equivaients that earn interest
ata variable rate. The Group's revolving credit facility incurs a variable rate of interest.

if the variable interest rate applicable to the Group's revolving credit facility had been 500 bps higher in the year ended 31 March 2024,
finance expenses would have increased by £0.3m.

Liquidity risk

The Group maintains a committed RCF alongside its cash balances, designed te ensure that it has sufficient available funds for operations
and planned expansions. The Group monitors its levels of warking capital to ensure that it can meet its liabilities as they fall due.

The concentration of liquidity risk is primarily around acquisition-related payments the Group is committed to make over the next several
years. The Group's cash and RCF facility are expected to be more than Sufficient to cover these liabilities as they fall due. Refer to
note 13 for further detail of these acquisition liabilities.

The Group's current trade payables, accruals and other payables totalling £25.9m are expected to be paid within six months of the
balance sheet date. Of the gross ungiscounted amounts payable in relation to earn-out and deferred consideration, £11.3m is expected
to be paid within six months of the balance sheet date, ©1.1m ig expected to bs paid between 12 and 18 menths of the balance sheet
date, with the remainder of £1.0m to be paid across FY 27, FY 28 and FY 29. A separate rnaturity analysis of the Group's lease labitities
is disciosed in nate 7,

g
3
3
3
3
3
&.

Financial risk and fair value measurement

Ths Group is liable for contingent earn-out payments on the acquisition of Lionpoint and Shoreline and, as al 31 March 2024, holds a
liability that represents the fair value of amounts that may become payable. The disclosures below exclude amounts classified as
employment-linked,

The {air value is determined by estimating the expected payment, discounted to present value using a risk-adjusted discount rate,
‘The expected payment is determined seperately in respect of each earn-out agreement, taking into consideration the expected level of
financial performance of each acquisition against agreed contractual earn-out terms, An undiscounted expected payment of $14.2m
(£8.9m} has been discounted at 4.2% relating to outstanding contingent consideration on the Lionpoint acquisttion, which Is eayable in
FY 25. A further AUD 2.0m (€1.0m} of contingent consideration relating to the Shoreline acquisition has been discounted at 15.9%,
falling due across the next four years,

The Group has assessed the estimation uncertainty of the liability held in relation to contingent consideration. The fair value of
acquisition earn-outs is no longer considered to be an area of significant estimation uncertainty given proximity to and more certainty
around the final Lionpoint earn-out payment, which is reilected in the lower discount rate used.

The fair value of the earn-out liability held in relation of Shoreline is also not considered to have a material level of estimation uncertainty
given the size of the liability. The Directors consider the ungiscounted future contingent consideration payable in respect of the Shoreline
acquisition could reasonably range between Enil and £1.0m.

Foreign currency exchange rate risk

The Group is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk mainly as a result of trade receivables and payables that will be settled in
euros and US dollars, as well as Lionpoint acquisition liabilities that are recorded in US dollars and the Shoreline acquisition liabilities
that are recorded in Austratan dollars. The Group uses avalable currency resources to help mitigate exposures.

During the yaar. the Group enterad into an FX swap denvative contract in order to manage the Group's currency requirements alongside
the foreign exchange exoosure arising irom the Lionpoint acquisition liabilities dencrninated in US dollars. The near teg af the swap was
settled in November 2028, with the Group selling $10.0m in return for £7.5m at the prevailing spot rate of 1.26. The far lag of the swan to
be settled in August 2024 requires the Group to selt £7.9m in return for $10.0m at a forward rate of 1.26. The Group has measured this
derivative at fair value through profit and loss, in line with the requirements of IFRS 9, and has not formally designated this derivative to
qualify for hedge accounting, The denvative had a negligible fair value at the balance sheet date.

alphafme.com


===== page 147 =====
144 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Motes fo tne conse: dated Financial sea7

23. Financial instruments continued

The impact on the Group's net fee income arising irom a 5% adverse movement in al! foreign exchange rates relevant to the Group
would 5 £6.9m (2.9%) in FY 24, The same sensitivity would also result in a decrease in the Group's net assets of £4.5m

GBP EUR) «USD, CHF- SGD.) NOK DKK) AUD. CAD ASD HKD AED.

FY 24 ‘000 "000 ‘000000 "000 ‘000 = 000000000 "000
Tade receivables —=—«*10,786 «4,832 22,209 ««506=SCSR BOS OTF
Cash 3,566 8,280 9,989 850 2,001 63 9915 2,665 10,793 9,660 19 -
Trade payables 2,894) (336) 1,192) (111) (73) - (41) (179) (36) (63) (24) (60)

Net amount 11,458 12,776 31,006 1,245 1,980 63 14,163 3,691 10,864 9,597 (5) (60)

GBP EUR USD CHF SGD NOK DKK AUD CAD RSD HKD AED

FY 23 “000 000 "000 ‘000 7000 ‘000 "000 "000, 000 "000 "000
Tradereceivables «1924559 13,962 1344 504. (S824 1200088
Cash 6.881 11,432 47,344 «—-769.«1,808 «1.9688 3,368 74.513 14 -
Trade payables 2,861) (791) (4,774) 48) - 7) 90) 4) 435) 1) -

Net amount 13,212 15,200 58,932 2,065 2,308 1,373 2,718 4,507 «525 4,078 2 -

24. Capital risk management

The Group's objectives when managing capital are to safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern, provide returns for
shareholders and maintain an optimat capital structure to reduce the cost of capital

The Group defines capital as being share capital plus ail reserves, which amounted to £148.5m as at 31 March 2024 (FY 23: £149.3m).
The Board of Directors monitors the level of capital as compared to the Group’s long-term dabt commitments and adjusts the ratio of
debt to capital as is determined to be necessary, by issuing new shares, reducing or increasing debt, paying dividends and returning
capital to shareholders. The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements.

25. Related party disclosures

Related parties, following the definitions within IAS 24, are the Group's subsidiary companies, members of the Board, key management
personnel and their families, and shareholders who have contro! or significant influence over the Group.

The Group considers key management personnel, as defined under IAS 24 Related Party Disclosures, to be the Company's Directors
and certain members of the Group's senior management team that report into the Group Coerdination Committee as detailed on p. 74,
Further disclosures are set out in the Remuncration Committee reperl or pp 84-94 and in note 5. here were no transactions within the
year in which the Directors had any interest.

Transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries are on an arm's length basis and have been eliminated on consolidation and
are not disclosed in this nete. None of the Group's sharehciders are deemed to have control or significant influence and therefore are
not classified as related parties for the purposes of this note.

26. Ultimate controlling party

As at 31 March 2024 there is no ultimate controlling party of the Group. The largest sharenolders in the Group are set out in the
Directors’ Report and are also pudiished at alphafme.com/investors/aim-rule-26.

27. Events after the reporting period

On 20 June 2024, the Board of Directors announced a recommenced cash offer to acquire the Group by Actiuim Bideo (UK) Limited,
a newly incorporated indirect subsidiary of certain funds managed by Bridgepoint Advisers Limited, which is expected to be implemented
by way of a scheme of arrangement.

alphatme,com


===== page 148 =====
Orr camy vbatamers

As at 31 March 2024

Annuai Report & Accounts 2024 146

Asat Asat
31 March 2024 31 March 2023
Note £000 £7000
Assets ~~ ~ ~ ~~ oe ~~ ~
Non-current assets
Investments 2 70,493 1,344
Deferred tax assets 4 560 1,028
Amounts owed by Group undertakings 90,662 105,012
Total non-cusrentassets ° 7 oo 61,715 167,384
Currentassets a
Trade and other receivables 5 388 6e
Corporation tax 264 363
Cash and cash equivatents 23 208
Total current: ~ ~ _ ~ 685
(1,957) (14,407)
re _ ~,957) (14,407),
Net currani BO a7 3,771)
Non-currentliabiities = 7 oe ee
Other non-current liabilities 8 (26) 67)
Totalnon-current liabilities ee @ 67
Netassts —“SsSOSSOSCSsCSC‘CSCSCSSCSC‘C‘“C(SCSC‘(CNSNNNN(NUCNNNNNNNN  6,417—_—*159,556
Equity
Issued share capital 92 20
Share premium 119,438 779,488
Other reserves 16,094 13,946
Retained earnings 24,793 20,082
Total shareholders’ equity TO 60417 453,556

As permitted by Section 408 of the Companigs Act 2006, a separate statement of comprehensive income of the parent Company has

not bsen presentad. The parent Company's grofit for the year was £21.0m.

The notes on pp 147-153 form part of these financial staternents. These financial statements were approved and authorised for issue

by the Board of Directors on 20 June 2024. They were signed on its betialf by:

Luc Mu Baqué
Chiet Executes Officer

John C Paton

Civef Financial Officer

Company registered number: 09985297

alphatme.corm

@
g
5
3
3
2
&



===== page 149 =====
146 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Cormpany siate

afiot

euges in equity

For the year ended 31 March 2024

Total
Issued share Share Other Retained shareholders’
capital premium reserves earnings equity
£'000 £7000 £7000 £7000 £'000
a9 119,438 922417420 146,171.
Comprehensive income : eee a ee
Profit for the year - - - 18,437 15,437
Transactions with owners
Shares issued (equity) 1 - - y -
Share-based payment charge - - 7,028 - 7,023
Net settlement of vested share options - - 43) - (343)
Purchase of own shares by the EBT - - (1.139) - (1139)
Current tax recognised in equity - - 276 - 276
Deferred tax recognised in equity - - (1,095) - (1,096)
Dividends - - - (12,778) (12,774)
As at 31 March 2023 ~ “13,946 «20,082 «153,556
Comprehensive income
Profit for the year - - - 20,959 20,959
Transactions with owners
Shares issued (equity) 2 - - 2 -
Share-based payment charge - - 6,663 = 6,663
Net settlement of vested share options - - (457) - (457)
Purchase of own shares by the EBT - - 8,843) - (3,843)
Current tax recognised in equity - - 162 - 462
Deferred tax recognised in equity - - em - (377)
Dividends - - - (16,246) (16,246)
Asat31March 2024. 2 119,438 16,094 24,793 160,417 _

issued share capital

Issued share capita! represents the nominal value of share capital subscribed.

Share premium

The share premium account is used to record the aggregale value of premiums paid when the Cornpany’s shares are issued at a

premium, net of associated share issuance costs.

Other reserves

‘The other reserves represent the cumulative fair value of the IFRS 2 share-based payment charge recognised for the Group each year,
associated current tax, deferred tax and net settlement of vested share options, equity-settled acquisition consideration reserves,
and purchases of the Company's own shares by the employee benefit trust ("EBT")

Retained earnings

The retained earnings reserve represents cumulative net profits and losses recognised in the statement of comprehensive income,

less dividends paid

alphatme.com


===== page 150 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024-147

Motes to tr:

1, Summary of significant accounting policies
General information

Alpha Financia! Markets Consulting pic (the “Company’) is a public company incorporated, domiciled and registered in Engiand,
in the UK. The registered number is 09965297 and the registered address is 60 Gresnam Street, London, EC2V 7BB.

The parent company financial statements present information about the Company as a separate entity and not about the consolidated Group.
Basis of preparation
These financial statements were prepared in accordance with FAS 101

In preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recogrition, measurement and disclosure requirements of
International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS"), but makes amendments where necessary in arder to comply with the Companies
Act 2006 and has set out below where advantage of the FRS 101 disclosure exemptions nas been taken.

In these financial statements, the Company has appied the exemptions available under FRS 101 in respect of the following disclosures:

~ Acash flow statement and related notes;

~ Comparative psried reconciliations for share capital, tangible fixed assets, intangible assets and investment properties:
Disclosures in respect of transactions with wholy owned subsidiartes:

~ Disclosures in respect of capital management;

— The effects of new but not yet effective IFRS:

- The requirements of paragraphs 17 and 18A of !AS 24 Related Party Disclosures; and

‘The requirements in iAS 24 to disclose related party transactions entered into between two or more members af a group, provided
that any subsidiary which is a party to the transaction is wholly owned by such a member.

As the consolidated financial statements of the Group include the equivalent disclosures, the Company has also taken the exemptions
under FRS 101 available in respect of the following disclosures:

- The requirements of IFRS 2 Share-Based Payment in respect of Group settled share-based payments; and
— The requirements of IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures.

‘The Company financial statements are prepared on the historical cost basis, Non-current assets and disposal groups hold for sale are
stated at the lower of the carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell.

The presentational currency of these financial statements and the functional currency of the Company is pounds sterling, All amounts
in these financial statements have been rounded to the nearest £1,000.

Going concern

The Directors have, at the time of approving the financial statements, @ reasonable expectation that the Company and the Group have
adequate resources to continue in operation fer tne foreseeable future. For further details please refer to note 1 of the Group's
consolidated financial statements.

Principal accounting policies

The accounting policies set out on pp 147-148 have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods presented

in these Company financial statements,

Sgnifcant jucigements and estimates

The preparation of financial information in aovordance with IFRS requires management to make judgements, estimates and
assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies anc reported amounts of assets and jiabilties, income and expenses.
The Directors have made no judgements, excluding these involving estimations, in the process of applying the Company's accounting
policies that are considered to have a significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements for the year ended

31 March 2024.

The Directors consider that there is no material level of estimation uncertainty associated with the Company's financial statements
at the balance sheet date,

Investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost less any provision for impairment. The Company monitors for indicators of impairment
throughout the reperting period, and a full impairment assessment is performed on an annual basis, or more frequently where such
indicators exist,

Tne Company apolies a book-value method of transferring controf of subsidiaries between the Company and its whelly owned
subsidiaries. All entities involved in the transfer are part of a wider economic group. are related parties within the Group. and are
transierred at a value equal to the book value of the invastnent held relating tc the transferred company at the date of transfer.

alphatms.com

a
a
Fs
3
3
a



===== page 151 =====
148 = Annual Report & Accounts 2024

1. Summary of significant accounting policies continued

1 videnes

Group dividends proposed by the Board are recognised in the financial statements when they have been approved by shareholders at the
AGM. interim dividends are recognised when they are paid.

Amounts owed by Group under takings
Amounts owed by Group undertakings are recognised initially at fair vakie and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less provision
for impairment. A provision for impairment of intercompany receivables is established using an expected crecit loss model. Amounts owed
by Group undertakings are presented within non-current receivables where they are not expected to be settled within the Group's
normal operating cycle.

Amounts owed Lo Group undertakings

‘Amounts owed to Group undertakings, presented in trade and other payables, are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently
measured at amortised cost.

Employee benefits

The cost of share-based employee compensation arrangements, whereby employees receive remuneration in the form of shares or
share options, is recognised as an employee benefit expense in the statement of profit or loss.

The total expense to be apportioned over the vesting period of the benefit is determined by reference to the fair value (excluding the
effect of non-market-based vesting conditions) at the date of grant.

In determining the fair value of share-based payments under IFRS 2, management has considered a number of intemal and external
factors in order to judge the probability that management and employee share incentives may vest. Such judgements involve estimating
luture performance and other non-market-based factors.

At the end of each reporting period the assumptions underlying the number of awards expected to vest are adjusted for the effects

of non-markel-based vesting conditions to reflect the conditions prevailing at that date. The impact of ary revisions to the original
estimates is recognised in profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to equily. Fair value is measured by the use of a binomial
model. The assumptions have been adjusted, based on management's best estimate, for the effects of non-transferabllity, lack of
dividend until vesting and exercise restrictions

The fair value calculations have been externally assessed as reasonable in the circumstances,

The Company agplies an intra-group recharge arrangement ta the share-based payments charge relating to employees ef other
entities within the wider Group, to reflect the benefits received by the respective entity in relation to employees gramtad share options.

The Company is deemed to be the settling entity in the intra-group arrangement, as share options granted are in relation to ordinary
shares of the Company, and recognises the share-based payments charge for the full Group in other reserves. The Company's
subsidiaries are considered to be the recsiving entities in the arrangement, in line with the oenefit received for services provided
through ongoing employment.

Amounts relating to employees who provide services directly to the Company are recorded as an equity-settled share-based payment
charge through the Company's statement of comprehensive income and are not recharged.

The remaining charge in relation to employees who provide services to other Group entities Is initially recognised as an investment in
subsidiaries and is simultaneously reversed upon the recharge of this cost to the receiving entity through amounts owed by Group
undertakings. This charge is recognised within the profit and loss of the relevant receiving entities. The Company presents these
movernents in investments on a net basis within note 2.

For further details on the background to share-based payment plans and disclosures, please refer to note 22 of the Group's
consolidated financial statements.

Shares heid in treasury or by Aipha’s employze benefit trust

Shares held in treasury or by Alpna’s employee benefit trust ("EBT") consist of ordinary shares in Alpha Financial Markets Consulting plc.
‘These shares are recorded at cost and are deducted from equity.

Other signifieant accounting volicies

Other significant accounting policies are consistent with those presented within the notes to the Group's consolidated financial statements
Changes in accounting policies

Several standards, interpretations and amendments to existing standards became effective for the year ended 31 March 2024,
or will become effective in subsequent periods, as detalled on p. 119 of the Group accounts, none of which had a material impact
on the Company.

alphafme.com


===== page 152 =====
2. Investments and amounts owed by Group undertakings

Annuat Report & Accounts 2024

149

Amounts
owed by
Investments in Group
subsidiaries undertakings
£7000 £7000

Cost ~ ee a 7 ee
As at 1 Apri 2022 1,344 144,639
Additions - 27,608
Repayments - (7,407)
Foreign exchange - 172
AsatStMarch 20280 re “1948 165,012
Additions 204,029 25,550
Repayments - (99,535)
Foreign exchange - (25)
Asat3iMarch2024———s—s—s—“‘—~—~s~s~sSsSsSCSCSCSCSCi‘C*i«t TBH,

Impairment

As at 1 April 2022 - -
Impairment charge -
Asatat March2023 0
Impairment charge (134,880) 340)
Asat@iMarch202 — _ (184,880) _ (340)
Net book value as at 31 March 2024 70,493 90,662
Net book value as at 1 March 2025 tae 185012

Ouring the year, amounts recognised in relation to the share-based payment charge, which are subsequently reversed through
intra-group recharge arrangements, were £6,6m {FY 28: £5.8m), These amounts are presented net in the table above in line with
the Company's accounting policies,

In October 2023. a number of transactions were undertaken as part of a project to simplify the holding company structure within

the Alpha Group. Additions to investments in subsidiaries of £204.0m include £69.1m arising from the issue of new shares in the
Company's subsidiaries. Promissory notes were issued in consideration for the issue of the new shares, resulting ia @ corresponding
Cecrease in the amounts owed by Group undertakings. Also included withir additions is £134.9m arising from the distributions in specie
of shares in other Group companies received fram the Company's subsidiaries.

The impairment of investments in subsidiaries of £184.9m recognised in the year effectively reverses the income received from the
distrioutions in specie that gave rise to the same investments, This impairment charge relates to four legacy holding companies, which
are now dormant and have no remaining economic value, and therefore the recoverable amount of these investments is nil. The investments
in these companies have been fully impaired and their net book vatue at 31 March 2024 is nil. These companies are now in members’
voluntary jiquidation,

Following these transactions, there is no overall change in the total economi¢ value of the subsidiaries owned directly or indirectly by the
‘Company, with the increase in the value of investments in subsidiaries offset by a corresponding decrease in amounts owed by Group
undertakings. Similarly, there is no net impact on retained earnings,

‘The undertakings in which the Group and Company had interest at the year end of more than 20% are as follows:

Class and Class and
percentage of —_—percentage of
Country of Registered shares held ~ shares held ~

Subsidiary undertakings __—_—_=—_incorporation address Principal activity _— 8tMarch 2024 31 March 2020, __
Alpha FMC Trustee Limited UK 1 Dormant 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Mideo Limited UK 1 Dormant 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Midco 2 Limited** uk 1 Dormant 400% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Bidco Limited UK 1 intermediate holding company 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Group Holdings Limited’* UK 1 Dormant 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Aipna FMC Group Nominees Limited UK 1 Dormant 400% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha FMC Group Limited UK 1 Dormant 100% ordinary 100% ordinary
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting jy. 1

Group Limited

25 These 6
histoncak nal ra company sin

Intermediate holding company

100% ordinary

100% ordinary

\caMe3 wera  rrembers’ soluntaryiication 35 at 31 Maren 2024 aa “emai 1 tquoaior ag of the date ofthis reper These comparing ate beng hauisaled ro srrphty tne
etyie ain ime Beep

alphatme.com

Zz
z
Fy
z
=
e
-
g
3
3
&



===== page 153 =====
150 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

wen statemer

2. Investments and amounts owed by Group undertakings continued

Subsidiary undertakings

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
UK Limited

Alpha Technology Services
Consutting Limited

Aivig Limited

Alpha Financial Markets
Gonsulting, Inc.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
SAS.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
(Luxembourg) S.A.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Netherlands B.V,

Alpha Financial Markets Consutting
Switzerland S.A.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Germany GmbH

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Singapore Pie. Ltd.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Hong Kong Limited

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
Australia PTY Limited

Axxsys Limited

Axxsys Financial Software Consulting
Canada Limited

Axxsys Consulting USA Inc.
Axxsys Danmark ApS.
Obsidian Solutions Limited

Alpha Technology Services
Consulting 5.A.S.

Obsidian Alpha Data Solutions LLC
Belgrade

Alpha FM Consulting Canada Inc.

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
(Insurance) France S.A.S.

Lionpeint Holdings, Inc.
Lionpoint Group, LLC
Lionpoint Group (UK} Limited
Lionpoint Group SA
Lionpoint Group Pty Limited
Lionpoint GmbH

Alpha Data Sotutions Limited

Alpha Financial Markets Consulting
MENA Ltd?

Shoreline Asset and Wealth
Consulting inc.

Shoreline Consolidated PTY Ltdé
Shoreline Consulting Pte. Lid.**
Shoreline Consulting PTY Ltd“?

incorporation

Country of

UK

UK
UK

USA

France

Luxembourg

Netherlands

‘Switzerland

Germany

Singapore

Hong Kong

Australia
UK
Canada
USA
Denmark
UK

France

Serbia
Canada
France

USA
USA

UK
Switzerland
Australia
Germany
UK

uK

Canada

Austratia
Singapore
Australia

Registered
address

1

10

"

12
43

4

15

16
7

18
19
20

a

22
23
22

“Principal act

Consultancy services

Dormant
Consultancy services

Consultancy services

Consultancy services

Consultancy services

Consultancy services

Consultancy services

Consultancy services

Consultancy services

Consultancy services

Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services

Dormant
Consultancy services
Consultancy services

Consultancy services

Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services

Intermediate holding company
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Consultancy services
Dormant

Consultancy services

Dormant

Intermediate holding company
Consultancy services

Consultancy services

Class and
percentage of
shares held -
31 March 2024

100% ordinary
300% ordinary
400% ordinary

100% ordinary
400% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
400% ordinary

100% ordinary
400% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

Class and
percentage of
shares held ~

__31 Maren 2028

100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary

100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

400% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary
400% ordinary
100% ordinary
100% ordinary

100% ordinary

NA

NYA
N/A
N/A

47 Alpha FMO (Newco) Limited hag changed its name lo Alona Financial Markets Consulting MENA Lio

48 Al| Shoreline entities were acquired in May 2022,

alphafme.com


===== page 154 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 = 151

Registered addresses

1 60 Gresham Street. London, EC2V 7BB, UK

12 East 49" Street, New York, NY 10017, USA,

6 Square de LOpéra Louis Jouvet, 76009 Paris, France

19/2) Route d'Arion ~ bloc B, L-8008 Strassen, Luxembourg
Strozzilaan 101, Amsterdam, 1083 HN, The Netherlands
Stockerstrasse 55, 8002 Ziirich, Switzerland

Kurt - Biaum — Platz 8, 68450 Hanau, Germany

6A Shenton Way #04-01 Downtown Gallery, Singapore 068815

22/F Neich Tower, 128 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Keng

10 Quay Quarter Tower, 50 Bridge Street, Sydney NSW 2000, Australia,
14 1800-13401 108" Avenue, Surrey, British Columbia V3T 8T3, Canaca
12 Incorp Services, inc., 919 North Market Street, Suite 950. Wilmington, DE 19801
13 Flaesketorvet 68, OK-1711 Copenhagen, Denmark

© Aan Oa OH

14 Dvadesetsedmog marta 6-6a, 11060 Palilula, Belgrade, Serbia

15 Suite 1700, Park Place, 666 Burrard Street, Vancouver, BC V6C2x8, Canada
46 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, Delaware 19808-1674, USA

17 8 The Green, Suite A, Dover, Oelaware 19901, USA

1@ Rue c'taiile 11, 1204, Geneva, Switzerland

49 Ground Floor, 123 Walker Street, North Sydney NSW, 2060, Australia

20 clo KUNZ Rechtsanwaite, AntoriterstraBe 14-16, KdIn, 59687, Germany

2

199 Bay Street, Suite 5300 Commerce Court West. Toronto, Ontario, MSL 1B9 Canada
22 Accru Felsers, Level 6, 1 Chifley Square, Sydney, NSW 2000
23 Marina Bay Financial Centre, 8 Marina Boulevard #11-00, 018981. Singapore

3. Auditor remuneration

Amounts receivable by the Company's auditor and its associates in respect of services to the Company and its associates, other than
___ the audit of the Company's financial stataments, have not been disclosed as the infermation is instead disclosed on a consolidated
basis in note 3 of the consolidated financial statements.

4. Deferred tax
Movements in deferred tax
Recognised Recognised

1 April 2023 In income inequity 31 March 2024
As at 31 March 2024 g000 "000 £°000 £'000
@) 560
64) 560

Recognised Recognised

1 April 2022 in income inequity 31 March 2023
As at 33 March 202: ee _ £000 £000 000 £7000
Share options 3.213 (1,080) (1,095) 1,028
Deferred tax asset 3,213 (1,095 (1,095) 1,028

For the year ended 31 March 2024, the Company has recognised a total charge of £0.2m (FY 23: £0.8m} of tax through equity, of which
£0.4m (FY 23: £1.1m) relates to a reduction in deferred tax on share options outstanding, partly offset by a £0.2m credit FY 23: £0,3m)
relating to current fax on the exercise of share options.

alphatme.com

2
5
Fy
3
a
a
g
&
g
FY
z
&



===== page 155 =====
152 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Note. tot

5. Trade and other receivables

Prepayments

Current trade and other receivables

6. Cash and cash equivatents

Cash in bank and at hand
Gash and cash equivalents

7. Trade and other payables

Amounts owed to Group undertakings

Other payables
Social security tax on share options 340 501
Total amounts owed within one year 1,957 14,407

Amounts owed to Group undertakings reduced by £12,2m to £1.1m (FY 23: £13.3m) resulting from repayments of intercempany loans
during the year.

8, Other non-current liab’

FY 23
£7000
Social security taxon share options - 57
Total amounts owed after one year 7 ~ 57
9. Financial instruments.
Carrying amount of financial instruments
‘The carrying amounts of the financial assets and liabilities include:
FY 24 FY 23
£'000 £000
Financial assets measured atamortised cost. = SSsSSsS—s~S~S 90.685 165,285
Financial assets measured at historical cost 70,493 1,344
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost (1,983) (14,464)
Netfinancialassets SC "159,195 152,165

Tre book value of the financial instruments is deemed to be approximate to fair value.

The Company's financial instruments comprise intercornpany receivables, investments in subsidiaries, cash and trade and other
payables. These financial instruments arise in the ordinary course of business and their main purpose is to provide finance for the
Group's operations.

The Group's operations expose it to cresit risk arising from intercompany receivables. Management has overall responsibility for intemal
control and risk management by the Company. The policies set by management are implemented by the Company's finance team.

Credit risk

The Company’s credit risk is primarily attributable to its intercompany receivables. The Company provides financing to other entities
within the Group on an unsecured and typically interest-free basis, repayable on demand. There is no collateral held on these receivable
balances. The expected credit loss on the Company's financial assets is measured annually based on historical datapoints and an
assessment of the forward-looking probabilly of default. The expected credit loss on the Company's intercompany receivables is
immaterial as at 31 March 2024.

The Directors consider the intercompany receivables to represent a low credit risk and credit risk is nol considered to nave increased
significantly since initial recognition. The wider Group has a strong liquidity position and there is no current expectation by the Directors
for repayment of the intercompany balances in the short term,

alphafme.com


===== page 156 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 153.

10. Share-based payments

Options under the Group's "management incentive plan” share option schemes fave been granted to employees of the Company.
For further information. including the terms and conditions of these awards please refer to note 22 of the Group's consolidated
financial statements.

FY2g FY 23

Weighted Weighted

average average

Exercise price remaining Exercise price remaining

‘ofoutstanding contractual of outstanding —_—contractual

‘eptions lite options life

a . _— ee en —— __ Years_

Management incentive plan awards Nominal 13 14

The Company's weighted average share price at the date of exercised awards in the year was £3.50.

The Company recognised a share-based payment expense in the year of £0.1m (FY 23: £1.2m}, A credit of £0.1m (FY 23: a charge of £0,3m)
to the statement of comprehensive income was recognised in relation to the realignment of the associated social security iabilties to
reflect assumptions at the year end. including the Group's lower share price,

A\l share options granted in FY 24 will be forfeited due to the performance conditions associated with the awards not being satisfied.
Therefore, there is no share-based payment charge or associated social security cost in relation to these awards. Refor to the
Remuneration Committee report on p, 86 tor further details.

As disclased in the FY 23 Annual Report and Accounts, Euan Fraser stepped down from the role of Chief Executive Officer and from the
Board on 31 March 2023 and remained with the Group as a strategic adviser on a part-time basis. This resultéd in an acceleration to the
share-based payment charge in relation to Euan’s share options in FY 23, as all emptoyment-linked conditions attached to these options
were removed.

Assumptions associated with the calculation of the social security tax fability due on vesting of share options include an estimation of
the forward-looking share price at the vesting date based on applicable analyst research and applicable future tax rates. For these
purposes, share price is updated at each reporting period te reflect historical levels. and is assumed to grow in line with the estimated
future performance of the business.

11, Related parties
Identity of related parties with which the Company has transacted

The Company has not engaged in any transactions with any related parties other than with wholly owned subsidiaries.
‘These transactions have not been disclosed as the Company has taken advantage of exemptions under FRS 101

12. Events after the reporting period

On 20 June 2024, the Board cf Directors announced a recommended cash offer to acquire the Gompany by Actium Bideo (UK) Limited,
a newly incorporated indirect subsidiary of certain funds managed by Bridgepoint Advisers Limited, which is expected to be implemented
by way of a scheme of arrangement,

aiphatme.com

¢
Fy
s
2
3
z
a



===== page 157 =====
154 Annual Report & Accounts 2024

SASB Col ice

The mission of the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board
(“SASB’) is to develop and disseminate sustainability accounting
standards that help public corporations disclose material,
decision-useful information to investors. The Group agopts

the SASB framework as it allows organisations to provide
comparable and consistent ESG-related data. As a “professional
and commercial services” organisation under SASB, the material
factors according to the SASB framework are as follows:

data security:
- worktorce diversity & engagement; and
professional integrity.

The below tables provide the numeric metrics relating to these
factors over the past 12 months where applicable, in addition to
the internat frameworks used to manage these risks on an ongoing
basis. Further qualitative data for each of the material factors is
provided throughout the Annuai Report. The Group also recognises
the increasing importance of the environment to its investors,
employees and other stakeholders, which it describes in addition
to the required disclosure.

Topic

. Principal locations in
Data Security

Risk management p. 59

this Annual Report

Looking after our peopie: emphasis on
culture and inclusion p. 37
Social: diversity and inclusion p. 44

Workforce Diversity
& Engagement

Professional Integrity

stainable business: governance
pp 41-43; and community and social
responsibility pp 44-45

ESG metrics:

Topic: Data Security

Measurement FY 24 FY23 SASBCode
Muraber of data breaches = = SV-PS-230a.3

Description of approach to enti ying anc xctdressmg data
security risks SV-PS-230a.1

Alpha continues to monitor and maintain a robust security posture
across the organisation. Alpha seeks to address the ever-evolving
cyber threat landscape by monitoring and improving, as appropriate,
giobal security measures and controls.

The Group's IT and data security strategy also ensures that the
confidentiality, integrity and availability of data is maintained and
is frequently assessed and updated to remain aligned with global
data protection frameworks and regulations.

Alpha has identiied a number of key risk areas that are regularly
monitored and considered including: the misuse of data; accidental
or intentional dissemination of dala; loss, theft or compromise of
data and/or information; incorrect data being used for internal cr
external purposes; and unauthorised access of equipment and/or
physical resources.

alphafme.com

poate
Aioha maintains @ suite of information secunty policies, which
are reviewed and updated regularly. Aipha's If and information
security function recommend relevant changes and they are
approved by the senior leadership team, represented by the
Group Coordination Committse

and gs

These policies are based upon best practice from the National
institute of Standards and Technology ("NIST") framework
Policies include but are net limited to:

Acceptable use;
Access control:
Antivirus and threat management;
Asset management:
~ Data privacy;
~ Data encryption;
Information security training;
~ Password management;
-- Secure development;
Wireless network policy, and
Business continuity and disaster recovery.

The information security policies attest to the responsibility,
governance and business practices that Aloha applies to the
topics surrounding IT and data security, and enable the Group to
validate information security and risk posture on a constant basis.
Senior oversight and oxccutive spansarship

Alpha’s Head of IT, reporting into the Group Head of Operations,
is responsible for the oversight and management of incidents,
risks, and remedial activities pertaining to Alpha’s IT, infrastructure
and information security function, Executive sponsorship of IT and
dala security in the leadership team is provided by the Group
Managing Director and day-to-day oversight is the respansibility
of the Information Security Lead.

Alpha operates an internal information Security Management
Forum ("ISMF"), chaired by the Information Security Lead. The
ISMF meets requiarly to review Incidents, risk and mitigation
activities across the Group. This forum is aiso used to identify anc
oversee the activities that are required to meet security accreditations
and certifications; for examoie, managing activities pertaining to
Aivi’s ISO-27001 certification. in the year, Aiviq also successfully
obtained the Cyber Essential Plus certification.


===== page 158 =====
Wes ers tarieg wd wears 8
All Alpha employees are tranad and empowered to take responsibilty
for data security across the organisation. Mandatory data handling
and information security training is issued annually with a positive
pass required of each employas. This mandatory annual training
is supplemented throughout the year with security awareness
training modules, delivered electronically.

Social engineering assessments are additionally undertaken with
analysis and benchmarking against industry average statistics.
Further mandatory training is issued as a follow up following
complation of these assessments. Technical safeguards such as
multifactor authentication ("MFA"), secure email gateway, secure
cloud access gateway, DMARC anti-spaofing controls and
phishing reporting are also implemented.

patton Durity and nen ries

Alpha continues to adopt market-leading cloud technologies to
ensure a multi-layered approach in defending its infrastructure,
people and dala from emerging cyber threats. Using these platforms,
Alpha had deployed a broad range of technical controls around
encryption, intrusion detection and prevention. data leak prevention,
traffic inspection, and threat scanning, Additionally, new technologies
are regularly evaluated as Alpha continues to assess the security
landscape and identifies potential changes in risk. Given the
continuation of nyorid working, further investment has also been
made In the Group's Endpoint protection and detection suite, which
includes best in class technologies and threat intelligence capability.

Proactive monitoring across Alpha's core infrastructure is undertaken
by the security aperations cantre ("SOC"), tor which Alona leverages:
@ qualified third party (BDO Digital). The SOC enables the organisation
to assess robustly alerts and events, correlate with threat
intelligence and take the appropriate course of investigation.

Pobuse mzident anc reach ressonse

The Group Head of Legal & Corporate Affairs oversees Alpha’s
protection and privacy framework, including compliance with alt
relevant requlations. The Group Head of Operations oversees
operational procedures aligned to that framework with support
‘rom the IT and business support teams

Alpiva operates a unified gical incident response and breach
management process, which ensures we are able to appropriately
assess and triage all data security incidents, and ensure that the
most effective remediation is apolied. The response function
ensures the timely containment of any incident(s} and impact
assessment, ang handles both internal and external notifications
(if and when required

During the previous 12 months. there were no reportable data breaches.

Annual Report & Accounts 2024 155

Glee: nd practices reiting to cntlee tc

corn Gn ui customer res
Alpha tully understands its custodial obligations around protecting
internal, employee and client information, In fine with th’s, Alpha
has implemented and annually reviews a global data protection
policy and privacy statement, which comprises relevant erivacy
7otices telating to different areas of the business, Alpha’s privacy
staterient explains the types of information collected and processed,
and governance of the usage attributed to this data collection,
and outlines the appropriate data retention schedules.

yor SY-BE 750.7

In accordance with the privacy statement, Alpha collects and
processes contact and organisational information for legitimate
business purposes, safeguarded by a suite of technical controls
to mitigate the risk of data breaches arising from external threats.

Alf systems and applications are configured on a least-privilege
basis, ensuring access to data is appropriate by job function. All
cloud platforms ara assessed at the point of implementation and
annually thereafter 1o assess data residency and ongoing
compliance with the appropriate regional legislation.

To further mitigate risks associated with data hanaling and
security, Aloha has deployed several risk controts including:

— Annual review and approval of global information security
policies by the Group Coordination Committee;

Executive sponsorship of IT and data security in the leadership
team is provided by the Group Managing Director,

Clear oversight of and responsibility for the data protection and
privacy framework by the Globat Head of Legal & Corporate Alfars;

Clear lines of operational responsibility and engagement
across the global data protection governance, overseen
by the Group Head of Operations;

Training and awareness te promate good cyber hygiene and
build a security aware culture;

Social engineering assessments across the global workforce,
robustly analysed to benchmark attack susceptibility against
industry averages;

Security operations centre performing real-time infrastructure
meritering, correlating events and alerts with threat analytic
feeds and ather sources of intelligence;

Adoption of a cloud-first IT architecture model, ouilt upon
Zero-trust security principies;

Cue diligence. vetting anc annual auditing of cloud providers
is undertaken to validate information security and rsk posture
around these applications; and

Regular external collaboration with cybersecurity specialists.

alphatme.com

eunsojosiq aSvS


===== page 159 =====
156 Annuai Report & Accounts 2024

ESG metrics: continued
Topic: Workforce Diversity & Engagement”

Measurement

resentation

Percentage of gends

_____ SASB Code
SV-PS-320a1

____ Female —
Level eo ee Y Vea FY 23 (BA FY 23
Directors and equivalent 858% 157% 18.3% 0.0% 0.0% 0.9%
Managers, senior managers, associate >
directors and equivaient 70.7% 69.3% 28.5% 30.5% 0.4% 0.0% 0.4% 0.2%
Analysts, consultants and equivalent 62.9% 379% 4% 00% 12% 0.7%
Overall spit 30.6% 31.0% 0.0% 0.8% 0.5%
Measurement _ oo oe _ . ‘SASB Code
Percentage of ravial/ethrc group representation iUK) SV-PS-330a.1
Asian or Black or Mixed White or
Asian British _ Black British a background . White Briti: sh —— ‘Other . _ NAL
Level _ FY 24 F¥24 FY23 FY24 FY23  FY24 FY23 FY24 FY23  FY24 FY29
Directors and equivalent 3.2% 1.6% 1.8% 1.6% 1.8% 75.8% 89.5% 16% 0.0% 16.1% 5.3%
Managers, senior managers,
associate directors 14.7% 15.6% 2.1% 3.1% 2.5% 3.1% 66.0% 67.6% 2.5% 1.3% 12.2% 9.3%
and equivalent
Analysts, consultants 13.3% 175% 4.4% 5.3% 5.7% 3.5% 58.2% 62.6% 3.8% 3.5% 14.6% 7.6%
and equivalent
Overall split 127% 146% 2.8% 9.8% 35% 31% 640% 68.4% 28% 2.0% 195% 8.2%
Measurement ae _ _ SASB Code
Percentage of racnil/ethne aroup representation iNoith Americay SV-PS-330a.4
Black or Hispanic

Asian African American orLatino = White Other NAL
Level 7 a oe _ FY 24 . FY 23 _ FY 4 FY 23 _FY 24 FY 23 _ FY24  FY23 0 FY24 FY 23 7 FY 24 FY 23
Directors and equivalent 91% 111% 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 75.8% 778% 61% 37% 91% TAY
All other employees 158% 15.3% 32% 96% 23% 3.6% 42.4% 49.1% 6% 31.2% 23.8%
Overall split 15.1% 14.9% 2.9% 3.2% 2.0% 3.2% 45.6% 51.6% 5.2% 45% 291% 22.4%
Measurement oe ee FY 24 FY 23 _ _ SASB Code
Voluntary turnover rate of employees 6.7% 12.2% SV-PS-330a.2
Employee engagement as a percentage 81.0% 73.5% 8V-PS-330a 3

49 Gren the nature of he metrics, the percentages used as part of the SAS disclosure rater ty otal lobal headcount, 1e tee-generabng consutants 3s well as business operations teams

50 NA" reters te unknown, undisclosed or prefer not to Say. A important part af the on-Gomng U versity and inclusion initetves 2t Alpha is to endeavour te reduce the number of ‘N

hunsre appropnsta) and fo expand the data groups en which 15 reperting 30 as 29 prcviae a wider view of how irs performing against the (opie. Pleane see the diversity anc# nelusion

secon of the repor! for mere infortiation,

51 Employee engageman! data nr FY 24 and FY 23 was based on the anonyinous feelback survey conducted dung the yearn which all toams participated.

aiphafime.com


===== page 160 =====
Annual Report & Accounts 2024 157

Topic: Professional Integrity
yea SASB Code

Measurement _
Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with
professional integrity?

- - SV-PS-310a 2

Deser
Acting with integrity is subscribed into Alpha’s core values. To support this, Aipha maintains clear policies for its employees on such
topics as ant-bribery, confidentiality, 'T security and acceptable use, whistleblowing and tax evasion, Annual performance reviews
include an assessment of professional intagtity and compliance with company policies. The Group will continue to review its adherence
to high professional stanciards ana business ethics and introduce new policies and training (or its teams a8 appropriate for the Group's
business model and range of services.

peal miegrty SoS

fof apgrocch oo ensurag profes.

Operating according to strong standards of transparency, honesty, business ethics and professional integrity means that Alpha is able
to identify, understand and meet consistently the high expectations of its clients and wider stakeholders. Alpha is also cognisant of its
wider relationships and is developing its agproach to managing business and supplier relationships in respect of human rights and
ethical standards, such as through its Living Wage application.

Alpha is committed to delivering the highest relationship and delivery standards to all clients and prospective clients. As part of this
commitment, the professional conduct of the Group is at all times fair and professional, premised upon’

Promoting Alpha’s services honestly and fairly;
Preserving the confidentiality and pnvacy of client businesses;
~ Acting iawfully and ethically at all times; and
Delivering projects in line with the terms of the engagement as well as any wider services agreements.

it is the responsibility of the Alpha engagement lead, supported by the client account owner, to ensure that client expectations are met
on each client project. The head of each business area then oversee the engagement and satisfaction of clients with the Group's
products and service offering, ensuring that they are aligned to the Group's high professional standards.

J25 "0 NS carts

52 This covers ‘osses ansng cu

al osumedings agane: Alpha cemnactan 21M 7Srelano7sh purth charts and “he Je W9"y ol LreassOnal 53

alahatme.com

9
2
a
a
g
5
oy
@
§
3



===== page 161 =====
Directors

Ken Fry
Luc Baqué
Jehn Paton
Penny Juda
Jill May
Maeve Byrne

Company number
09965297

Registered office
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting ple

60 Gresham Street
London EC2V 7BB

Auditor
KPMG LLP

EastWest
Tollnouse Hill
Nottingham NG1 5FS

Registrar
Computershare

The Pavilions
Bridgewater Road
Bristol BS99 627

alphatme.com

Nominated Adviser
Investec Bank pic

30 Gresham Street

London EC2V 70N

Joint Brokers

Joh. Berenberg, Gossler 5 Co.

60 Threadneedle Street
London EG2R BHP:

Investec Bank ple

20 Gresham Street

London EG2V 7QN

Company Secretary

Georgina Sharley
company.secretary@alphatme.com
Corporate and investor website
alphafme.com/investors

Client website
alphafme.com


===== page 162 =====
ss LAND
we es
wien | ee TRUST™
acccaries | egsgronanstepercm

Alona Financial Markets Consulting plc's cammntmnent ts envronmental
ISSUES 1s feflected in this Annual Report, which has deen oeinteg on
Smagno Satin. an FSC® cervvied maternal This document was printed oy
Park Communications using ils environmental print technology. which
munienses the Impact of printing an the envirsnment, ath 99% of dry
waste divened trom landfill, Bath the onnter andi the paper mal are
registered to ISO 14001

Produced by

designportfolio


===== page 163 =====
™-

60 Gresham Street

Alpha FMC
London
EC2V 7BB

s@alphafmc.com

+44 (0) 207 796 9300

enquirie

ra
1V/ oN alphafmc.com
ivi

