

===== page 1 =====
Registration number: SC332267

Bridgepoint Europe (SGP) Ltd
ANNUAL REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023

TT

DBVMSSF*
A08 18/09/2024 #153
COMPANIES HOUSE

WEDNESDAY


===== page 2 =====
Bridgepoint Europe (SGP) Ltd
Strategic Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2023

The Directors present their strategic report for the year ended 31 December 2023.
Principal activity

The principal activity of the Bridgepoint Europe (SGP) Ltd (the "Company") is to act as a General Partner for a number of private
equity limited partnerships (the "Partnerships").

Results
The profit for the financial year is £5.1m (2022: £6.3m) and at the year end the Company has net assets of £40.1m (2022: £28.6m).
Principal risks and uncertainties

The business is subject to risks associated with the performance of the Partnerships managed, the tax and regulatory regimes within
which the Company's business operates and attracting and retaining the services of key investment professionals and operational
risks.

Key performance indicators

The Company considers profit before tax as key performance indicators of the business. Given the straightforward nature of the
business, the Directors are’ of the opinion that analysis using key performance indicators ("KPIs") is not necessary for an
understanding of the development, performance, or position of the business.

Statement by the Directors in performance of their statutory duties in accordance with s172(1) Companies

The Directors of the Company, as those of all UK companies, must act in accordance with a set of general duties, which are detailed
in Section 172 of the UK Companies Act 2006. Directors of a company must act in the way they consider, in good faith, would be
most likely to promote the success of the Company for the benefit of its shareholders as a whole and, in doing so have regard (among
other matters) to: .

+ the likely consequences of any decision in the long-term;

+ the interest of the Company's employees;

+ the need to foster the Company's relationships with suppliers, customers and others;

+ the impact of the Company's operations on the community and environment;

+ the desirability of the Company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct; and
+ the need to act fairly between shareholders of the Company.

The parent entity, Bridgepoint Group ple, has a Group Board (consisting of the Directors of Bridgepoint Group plc) which takes
executive responsibility for the strategic direction of Bridgepoint Group ple and its controlled entities (the "Group") including the
Company. It has executive responsibility for setting the Group's strategy and ensuring that the shared values and business objectives
are upheld and met.

The Directors of the Company are involved in decisions that impact the Company as required under the Companies Act 2006. Such
matters include making commitments to investments and subsidiary companies and decisions to pay dividends.

Page |


===== page 3 =====
Bridgepoint Europe (SGP) Ltd
Strategic Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2023 (continued)

An explanation of how the Group Board has considered the matters set out in Section 172 (for the Group, including the Company) is
set out in the annual report and accounts of Bridgepoint Group plc.

This includes details of the development, performance and position of the Group, as well as how the Group undertakes business
conduct, employee and fund investor engagement, risk management and community engagement.

Approved by the Board and signed on its behalf on 11 September 2024 by:

P Koziarski
Director

Page 2 .


===== page 4 =====
Bridgepoint Europe (SGP) Ltd
Directors' Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2023

The Directors present their annual report and the audited financial statements (the "financial statements") of the Company for the year
ended 31 December 2023.

Future developments
The Directors do not anticipate any significant change in the business of the Company.

Results and dividends
The results for the financial year are shown on page 8.

Directors of the Company
The Directors who held office during the year and up to the date of this report were as follows:

JR Hughes

W N Jackson (resigned on 18 December 2023)
AM Jones (resigned on 31 August 2024)

P Koziarski (appointed 18 December 2023)

DS Plant (appointed 18 December 2023)

X J Robert (appointed 4 March 2024)

RC Thompson

GP Weldon (resigned on 18 December 2023)
E G Woods (resigned on 18 December 2023)

Directors’ indemnity

During the year and at the time of signing, a Bridgepoint Group entity maintains liability insurance for Directors and Officers of
Bridgepoint Group ple and associated companies, which includes the Company. This is a qualifying third party indemnity provision
for the purpose of the Companies Act 2006.

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in Respect of the Financial Statements

The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities for preparing the annual report and the financial statements in accordance with
applicable law and regulations.

Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law the Directors have elected
to prepare the financial statements in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice (United Kingdom
Accounting Standards, comprising FRS 102 "The Financial Reporting Standard applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland", and
applicable law). Under company law the Directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a
true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for that period. In preparing these
financial statements, the Directors are required to:

. select suitable accounting policies and apply them consistently;

. make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

+ state whether applicable United Kingdom Accounting Standards, comprising FRS 102, have been followed, subject to any
material departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements; and

. prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the Company's
transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company and enable them to ensure that
the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They are also responsible for safeguarding the assets of the Company
and hence for taking reasonable steps for the prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities.

Page 3


===== page 5 =====
Bridgepoint Europe (SGP) Ltd
Directors’ Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2023 (continued)

Disclosure of information to the auditor

Each Director at the time when the Directors' Report is approved has confirmed-that:

+ 50 far as the Director is aware, there is no relevant audit information needed by the Company's auditor in connection with
preparing their report of which the Company's auditor is unaware; and

. the Director has taken all the steps that ought to have been taken as a Director in order to be aware of any relevant audit
information and to establish that the Company's auditor-is aware of that information.

Reappointment of auditor

Pursuant to Section 487 of the Companies Act 2006, the auditors will be deemed to be reappointed and Forvis Mazars LLP will
therefore continue in office.

Approved by the Board and signed on its behalf on 11 September 2024 by:

bh. / . g
P Koziarski .
Director

Page 4


===== page 6 =====
Bridgepoint Europe (SGP) Ltd
Independent auditor’s report to the members of Bridgepoint Europe (SGP) Ltd

Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of Bridgepoint Europe (SGP) Ltd (the ‘company’) for the year ended
31 December 2023 which comprise the Profit and Loss Account, the Statement of Comprehensive Income, the
Balance Sheet, the Statement of Changes in Equity and notes to the financial statements, including summary of
significant accounting policies.

The financial reporting framework that has been applied in their preparation is applicable law and United

Kingdom Accounting Standards, including FRS 102 “The Financial Reporting Standard applicable in the UK
and Republic of Ireland” (United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice).

In our opinion, the financial statements:

® give a true and fair view of the state of the company’s affairs as at 31 December 2023 and of its profit for
the year then ended;

© have been properly prepared in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting
Practice; and

«have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and
applicable law. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the “Auditor’s responsibilities
for the audit of the financial statements” section of our report. We are independent of the company in accordance
with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in the UK, including the
FRC’s Ethical Standard, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these
requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a
basis for our opinion.

Conclusions relating to going concern

In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the directors’ use of the going concern basis of
accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is appropriate.

Based on the work we have performed, we have not identified any material uncertainties relating to events or
conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the company's ability to continue as
a going concern for a period of at least twelve months from when the financial statements are authorised for
issue.

Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the directors with respect to going concern are described in the
relevant sections of this report.

Other information

The other information comprises the information included in the annual report other than the financial statements
and our auditor’s report thereon. The directors are responsible for the other information contained within the
annual report. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and, except to the
extent otherwise explicitly stated in our report, we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is
materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the course of the audit, or
otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If we identify such material inconsistencies or apparent material
misstatements, we are required to determine whether this gives rise to a material misstatement in the financial
statements themselves. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material
misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.

We have nothing to report in this regard.

Page 5


===== page 7 =====
Bridgepoint Europe (SGP) Ltd
Independent auditor’s report to the members of Bridgepoint Europe (SGP) Ltd
(continued)

Opinions on other matters prescribed by the Companies Act 2006
In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit:

© the information given in the strategic report and the directors’ report for the financial year for which the
financial statements are prepared is consistent with the financial statements; and

e the strategic report and the directors’ report have been prepared in accordance with applicable legal
requirements.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception

In light of the knowledge and understanding of the company and its environment obtained in the course of the
audit, we have not identified material misstatements in the strategic report and the directors’ report.

We have nothing to report in respect of the following matters in relation to which the Companies Act 2006
requires us to report to you if, in our opinion:

© adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received
from branches not visited by us; or

© the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or
© certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or
© we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit.

Responsibilities of Directors

As explained more fully in the Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities set out on page 3, the directors are
responsible for the preparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair
view, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the company’s ability to
continue as a going concem, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the company or to cease operations,
or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial statements.

The extent to which our procedures are capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud is detailed below.

Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations. We design procedures
in line with our responsibilities, outlined above, to detect material misstatements in respect of irregularities,
including fraud.

Based on our understanding of the company and its industry, we considered that non-compliance with the
following laws and regulations might have a material effect on the financial statements: the Companies Act 2006
and tax legislation.

To help us identify instances of non-compliance with these laws and regulations, and in identifying and assessing
the risks of material misstatement in respect to non-compliance, our procedures included, but were not limited
to:

© Inquiring of management and, where appropriate, those charged with governance, as to whether the
company is in compliance with laws and regulations, and discussing their policies and procedures
regarding compliance with laws and regulations;

Inspecting correspondence, if any, with relevant licensing or regulatory authorities;

Page 6


===== page 8 =====
Bridgepoint Europe (SGP) Ltd
Independent auditor’s report to the members of Bridgepoint Europe (SGP) Ltd
(continued)

e¢ Communicating identified laws and regulations to the engagement team and remaining alert to any
indications of non-compliance throughout our audit; and

e Considering the risk of acts by the company which were contrary to applicable laws and regulations,
including fraud.

We also considered those laws and regulations that have a direct effect on the preparation of the financial
statements, such as the Companies Act 2006.

In addition, we evaluated the directors’ and management’s incentives and opportunities for fraudulent
manipulation of the financial statements, including the risk of management override of controls, and
determined that the principal risks related to manipulating accounting records and preparing fraudulent
financial statements by overriding controls that otherwise appear to be operating effectively. Due to the
unpredictable way in which such override could occur, there is a risk of material misstatement due to fraud.

Our audit procedures in relation to fraud included but were not limited to:

* Making enquiries of the directors and management on whether they had knowledge of any actual,
suspected or alleged fraud;

e Gaining an understanding of the internal controls established to mitigate risks related to fraud;
e Discussing amongst the engagement team the risks of fraud; and
e Addressing the risks of fraud through management override of controls by performing journal entry testing.

There are inherent limitations in the audit procedures described above and the primary responsibility for the
prevention and detection of irregularities including fraud rests with management. As with any audit, there
remained a risk of non-detection of irregularities, as these may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
misrepresentations or the override of internal controls.

A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the Financial
Reporting Council’s website at www. frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms part of our
auditor’s report.

Use of the audit report

This report is made solely to the company’s members as a body in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the
Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the company’s members
those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the fullest
extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the company and the
company’s members as a body for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Dien Lernandez.
Diego Féefandez (Sep 11, 2024 11:49 GMT+1)

Diego Femandez (Senior Statutory Auditor)
for and on behalf of Forvis Mazars LLP
Chartered Accountants and Statutory Auditor
30 Old Bailey, London, EC4M 7AU

11 September 2024

Page 7


===== page 9 =====
Bridgepoint Europe (SGP) Ltd

Profit and Loss Account for the Year Ended 31 December 2023

2023 2022

Note £000 £000

Income from Partnerships 156,337 125,534

Management fee expense (156,337) (125,534)

Gross result . .

Net foreign exchange gains 94 43

Profit before tax 94 43
Taxation 6 5,070
Profit for the financial year 5,164

The results above relate to continuing operations.

The notes on pages 12 to 17 form an integral part of these financial statements.
Page 8


===== page 10 =====
Bridgepoint Europe (SGP) Ltd

Statement of Comprehensive Income for the Year Ended 31 December 2023

2023 2022
Note £000 £000
Profit for the year 5,164 6,292
Other comprehensive income:
Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax - -
Total comprehensive income for the year 5,164 6,292

The notes on pages 12 to 17 form an integral part of these financial statements.

Page 9


===== page 11 =====
Bridgepoint Europe (SGP) Ltd

(Registration number: SC332267)
Balance Sheet as at 31 December 2023

2023 2022

Note £000 £000
Non-current assets :
Investments 9 - -
Current assets
Debtors: amounts falling due within one year 10 64,799 47,298
Current liabilities
Creditors: amounts falling due within one year 11 (4,256) (4,256)
Net current assets 60,543 43,042
Total assets less current liabilities 60,543 43,042
Non-current liabilities
Provision for liabilities 12 (20,440) (8,103)
Net assets 40,103 34,939
Capital and reserves
Called up share capital 13 - -
Retained earnings 40,103 34,939
Total equity 40,103 34,939

The financial statements of Bridgepoint Europe (SGP) Ltd were approved and authorised by the Board of Directors on 11
September 2024 and signed on their behalf by:

P Koziarski
Director

The notes on pages 12 to 17 form an integral part of these financial statements.

Page 10


===== page 12 =====
Bridgepoint Europe (SGP) Ltd

Statement of Changes in Equity for the Year Ended 31 December 2023

At 1 January 2022
Profit for the year
Other comprehensive income
Total comprehensive income

As at 31 December 2022

At 1 Jamuary 2023
Profit for the year

Other comprehensive income
Total comprehensive income

As at 31 December 2023

The notes on pages 12 to 17 form an integral part of these financial statements.

Called up share

capital Retained earnings Total equity
£000 £000 £000
- 28,647 28,647

- 6,292 6,292

= 6,292 6,292

- 34,939 34,939

- 34,939 34,939

- 5,164 5,164

- 5,164 5,164

: 40,103 40,103

Page 11



===== page 13 =====
Bridgepoint Europe (SGP) Ltd
Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2023

1 General information

‘The Company is a private company limited by shares and domiciled in the United Kingdom. The country of incorporation is
Scotland. The address of its registered office and principal place of business is $0 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh,
EH3 9WJ.

2 Statement of compliance

The individual financial statements of the Company have been prepared in compliance with United Kingdom Accounting
Standards, including Financial Reporting Standard 102, "The Financial Reporting Standard applicable in the United Kingdom
and Republic of Ireland" ("FRS 102") and the Companies Act 2006.

3 Summary of significant accounting policies

The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these financial statements are set out below. These policies have
been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.

(a) Basis of preparation

‘These financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, as modified by certain financial assets and
liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss when it is required by FRS 102.

(b) Consolidation

Under section 400 of the Companies Act 2006, the Company is exempt from the requirement to prepare consolidated accounts
as it is itself a subsidiary undertaking and it is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Bridgepoint Group plc, a company incorporated
within the United Kingdom, which prepares consolidated accounts that include the Company and its subsidiaries.

(©) Going concern

The financial statements have been prepared on a going concer basis as the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the
Company has adequate resources to continue in operational existence for a period of at least 12 months from the date of signing.
of the annual report and financial statements having assessed the Company's business risks, financial position and resources.

Specifically, the Company has in place a long-term contract with the Limited Liability Parmership which gives it good visibility
of income. The expenses incurred by the Company are predictable due to the nature of operations. Amounts payable under the
management agreement with fellow Group companies are dependent and discretionary. Taken in combination, the Directors are
therefore satisfied that the Company is a going concern.

(d) Exemption for qualifying entities under FRS 102

FRS 102 allows a qualifying entity certain disclosure exemptions, subject to certain conditions, which have been complied with,
including notification of, and no objection to, the use of the exemptions by the Company's shareholders. The Company has
taken advantage of the following exemptions:

Cash Flow Statement - The Company has taken advantage of the exemption, under FRS 102 paragraph 1.12 (b), from preparing
a statement of cash flows, on the basis that it is a qualifying entity and its ultimate parent company, Bridgepoint Group plc,
includes the Company's cash flows in their own consolidated financial statements.

Related Party Transactions - The Company has taken advantage of the exemption, under FRS 102 paragraph 33.1A, from the
requirement to disclose related party transactions within the Group on the grounds that.100% of the voting rights are controlled
within the Group. Transactions with the Bridgepoint funds and the shareholders of the Group are not exempt and are disclosed
where applicable.

Page 12


===== page 14 =====
Bridgepoint Europe (SGP) Ltd
Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2023 (continued)

3 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)

(e) Income

The Company, as General Partner to the Limited Partnerships and Limited Liability Partnerships does not receive a fee, but
participates in the profit or loss of the Partnerships, the Income from Partnerships. This income earned by the Company is
recorded as revenue through the Profit and Loss Account and is billed in accordance with the Limited Partnership Agreements
("LPA") and Limited Liability Partnership Agreements ("LLPA").

(f) Management fees payable

Management fees payable are amounts paid to a fellow Group entity for advisory services received.
(g) Expenses

Expenses incurred have been recognised on an accruals basis.

(h) Taxation

Taxation expense for the period comprises of current and deferred tax recognised in the reporting period. Tax is recognised in
the Profit and Loss Account, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in
equity. In this case tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.

Current tax is the amount of income tax payable in respect of the taxable profit for the year or prior year. Tax is calculated on
the basis of tax rates and laws. that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the period end.

” Deferred tax arises from timing differences that are differences between taxable profits and total comprehensive income as
stated in the financial statements. These timing differences arise from the inclusion of income and expenses in tax assessments
in periods different from those in which they are recognised in financial statements. Deferred tax is recognised on all timing
differences at the reporting date except for certain exceptions.

Unrelieved tax losses and other deferred tax assets are only recognised when it is probable that they will be recovered against
the reversal of deferred tax liabilities or other future taxable profits. Deferred tax is measured using tax rates and laws that have
been enacted or substantively enacted by the period end and that are expected to apply to the reversal of the timing difference.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not discounted.
(i) Debtors.

Short term debtors are measured at the transaction price, less any impairment.

() Creditors

Short term creditors are measured at the transaction price. Other financial liabilities are measured initially at fair value and are
measured subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method except where repayable on demand.

Page 13


===== page 15 =====
Bridgepoint Europe (SGP) Ltd
Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2023 (continued)

3 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
(k) Financial instruments

Financial assets and liabilities are recognised when the Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the
instrument. The Company has chosen to adopt Sections 11 and 12 of FRS 102 in respect of financial instruments.

Investments

Investments in subsidiary undertakings, that are not investment vehicles, are stated at cost less provision for any impairment.
Provisions are only made where in the opinion of the directors there is an impairment in value.

() Foreign currency transactions and balances
These financial statements are presented in pound sterling, the Company's functional and presentation currency.

Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the opening spot exchange rate for the month in
which the transaction occurs as an approximation for the actual rate at the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities
denominated in foreign currencies are translated to pound sterling using the closing rate at the year-end. Non-monetary items
measured at historical cost are translated using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction and non-monetary items
measured at fair value are measured using the exchange rate when fair value was determined.

Foreign currency gains and losses are recognised in the Profit and Loss Account.

4 Judgements in applying accounting policies and key sources of estimation uncertainty

In applying the Company’s accounting policies, the Directors may be required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions
that could impact the amounts reported for assets and liabilities as at the reporting date and the amounts reported for revenues
and expenses during the year. The Directors’ judgements, estimates and assumptions are based on the best and most reliable
evidence available at the time when the decisions are made, and are based on historical experience and other factors that are
considered to be applicable. Due to the inherent subjectivity involved in making such judgements, estimates and assumptions,
the actual results and outcomes may differ.

The judgements, estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting estimates
are recognised in the year in which the estimate is revised, if the revision affects only that year, or the year of the revision and
future years, if the revision affects both current and future years. The Directors do not consider the financial statements to have
any critical estimates or matters requiring significant judgement.

5 Operating profit
Audit fees of £5,580 for the year (2022: £5,375) are borne by a fellow subsidiary undertaking.

Page 14


===== page 16 =====
Bridgepoint Europe (SGP) Ltd
Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2023 (continued)

6 Tax on profit.

(a) Tax expense included in the Profit and Loss account

2023 2022
£000 £000
Current taxation:
UK corporation tax (12,016) (7,141)
UK corporation tax adjustment to prior periods (5,392) 387
Total current tax (17,408) (6,754)
Deferred taxation:
Arising from origination and reversal of timing differences 12,153 - 1076
Deferred tax 185 (571)

505
49)

Total deferred tax

Tax (credit) on profit

(b) Reconciliation of tax charge

The tax on profit before tax for the year is different to the standard rate of corporation tax in the UK for the year ended 31
December 2023 of 23.5% (2022: 19%).

The differences are reconciled below:

2023 2022
£000 £000
Profit before tax ca ae
Corporation tax at standard rate in the UK of 23.5% (2022: 19%) 22 : 8
Income not charged to UK Corporation tax (36,740) (23,851)
‘Adjustment in respect of prior years (5,207) (184)
Effect of tax rate changes (1,542) -
Income allocated by Partnerships, not yet taxable 544 947
Deferred tax not recognised on profit/losses to carry forward 13,547 14,937
Priority profit share loan in lieu 24,306 1,894
(5,092) (6,257)
Total tax (credit) for the year (5,070) (6,249)

A deferred tax asset in respect of tax losses of £128.0m (2022: £121.2m) has not been carried forward due to the uncertainty of
future profits against which the amount could be utilised.

7 Employees
The Company did not employ any personnel during the year (2022: none).

Page 15


===== page 17 =====
Bridgepoint Europe (SGP) Ltd

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2023 (continued)

8 Directors' remuneration
No Directors received any remuneration for their services to the Company during the-year (2022: nil).
Remuneration received by individual Directors who are employed and paid by another Group entity cannot be sensibly
attributed across the entities for which each Director is a Director of.

9 Investment

The Company has an investment in BEP IV GP LLP, BEV GP LLP, BEVI GP LLP, Bridgepoint Europe VII GP LLP and
Bridgepoint Advantage GP LLP. The value of the investment is £432 (2022: £432).

10 Debtors
2023 2022

Amounts due within one year: £000 £000
Amounts owed by Group undertakings 15,391 15,303
Group relief receivable __ 49,408 31,995
64,799 47,298

Amounts owed from Group undertakings represent short term receivables due from the shareholders and other Group entities.
These amounts are unsecured, interest free, have no fixed date of repayment and are payable on demand.

11 Creditors: amounts falling due within one year
. 2023 2022
£000 £000

Amounts owed to Group undertakings 4,256

Amounts owed to Group undertakings represent amounts due to other Group entities. These amounts are unsecured, interest
free, have no fixed date of repayment and are payable on demand.

12 Provisions for liabilities

2023 2022
£000 £000
Deferred tax lability * 8,103
13 Called up share capital
Authorised
2023 2022
No. £ No. £
Ordinary Shares of £1 each 100 100 100 100
Allotted, called up and fully paid shares .
2023 2022
No. £ No. £

Ordinary Shares of £1 each 1 ae oe

The shares have the rights and restrictions as set out in the Articles of Association of the Company.

Page 16


===== page 18 =====
Bridgepoint Europe (SGP) Ltd
Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2023 (continued)

14 Parent and ultimate parent undertaking

The Company's immediate parent is Bridgepoint Advisers Holdings, incorporated in England and Wales. The address of
Bridgepoint Advisers Holdings’ registered office is 5 Marble Arch, London, W1H 7EJ.

The parent of the largest and smallest group in which these financial statements are consolidated is Bridgepoint Group ple,
incorporated in England and Wales. The address of Bridgepoint Group plc's registered office 5 Marble Arch, London, W1H
TEI.

The financial statements of Bridgepoint Advisers Holdings and Bridgepoint Group ple are available from Companies House,
Crown Way, Cardiff, CF14 3UZ.

15 Events after the end of the reporting period

There have been no material events after the reporting period that would require adjusting or disclosing within these accounts.

Page 17
